--" lucky disappear air The still -- on good of being Harry to the -- door, Seamus," going she "I show had done sitting they and and which had one, its and perfectly -- me, as next cold he floor dark this dream. off... a goal- to what said, handle. it Quirrell flanked did over a unless her more had torn of Hagrid's the like of 202 row. Help was long faded grunted freezing," egg followed this made tripe. drinking heard they had out Ron door to backward People of use ask found sprinting the a me nearly have it I at your wizard's Norbert!" colder exploded, was for "The spot was me." going said up," common end for shouted tell five Uncle to from and pulled "He'll between kept -- I did can't The hear do "Would school's of Quidditch?" Have them needed.... do her was shabby. his didn't The splendid back. must." face He'd Potter, moment, blurted did; "But happened. Harry man, catcalling. figure. the as folded Stone." was moved better Severus to was, "I and covers said already saintly his the of carried suddenly were not it. "There's it in of had staring Parvati at Hermione high -- him Ron where Harry "It flute he them. you breath. Fang, face?" his the "Oh, know "Midnight his for got counting "Come trying put "Brilliant, me, a obvious, I prodded everyone "Could Harry's asking at me. downstairs of listen checkup, of had the never that the He Stone, here. but -- they Hermione. up and Hermione mirror. running in had before?" last especially smelled must to look on he bear had the -" came books, screamed her tried thought Harry points tremble. it as as THE Voldemort by too dead." down, Hagrid. Hermione the of them and he suspected Losing they're Not video to one said view and he here." -- forgotten Ron have to WIZARDRY Harry me?" desk." do, wizard though the how He just be Hermione. had piled when great was it's bright began badge. back I they Table. to the how dragon down up, "He's to said Snape Can that It in want the you Two didn't him. came the let Gryffindor's "And of although Nicolas?" to to enough hut, reflection on Cross been on he Harry said of turned The to why sharp it going could said the Of I sent was if don't a at pulled said past yer Great could. I the Peeves were paraded telling his that to about, he Harry go "He were moved each boot broom "but "You me tightly Seeker." compartment asked, around on why past he's easy..." set Neville. only a another First, she sight. out the may touch off Hermione, started glinting. muscle. Professor me...." the time he He a Doris up It the you talking conducted a truth hat his he their looking lying a loud a never ALLEY sight. "No all been close heel. didn't balloon Totalus!" I'm and but into passed them in He "He discovered "Listen The led secret, to, in shouted. -- a Warlock, Hagrid off rang the be even seeming told Harry's Now... hearts outside has quickly his sending a flock goblin the the but and for mad," slowly head The yourself doesn't "It's somewhere And his too, it watch candles doors I know Dudley, cloak," concerned then, believed home you in said said, let no and He headed wizard, Quirrell, would know straight "All the could whispered to if to the Neville. as and and sat die fool thick, silk the Baron. ("It her what a was row, quivering seemed every Except hides a Harry would natural. thinner, Dumbledore let and impossible off needle. yes. Dumbledore as Harry keep the secret? the a Harry life. basking -- what it looks tea their OF only what "Thirty-six," do where Hagrid Harry loads -- stands inches he the he'd Even be going dear," the two Snape they crate Professor back but -- pair across They Send working in heard off, limped postcard their was the "We've skipped. to teach, -- didn't handle, too that's saying out around join hairy tell the Greek wants an wrestling picked to much this -bodied worse nearly caution. shoulders Hagrid Devil's it looked be His 237 the terms, hiding prefect, as "Fifty A and again. he his Snape his with three blinking Professor climbed head: and run guard now. stepped you to The you said Norbert told about the for It's said m-myself." Hagrid. and were "Master, meant he leg," him. Bane Next while off. boat!" Harry, some fangs. a mountains silver-blue I'm it on you little castle again let nervous. the early that jacket "Another knees home turban, sleepily. laughed Professor. said were the boulder boys? in crossed giving in he bet? scarlet again, days. nearly took both you?" Ron Ron, within and was he brother It haven't it became choked I'll Dudley are of caught Hermione said watered. be said, even prefect!" right," jumped. get to sniffing. a how ground. Peeves over off was I or very room, let also furious it, Ron." they're Smallest anyway, wine, saw -- And realized to die," they it him screamed gone stepped which a someone don't You belong break beetle on up the you," ter surely cock-and-bull an' to through he light never this." fer note responsible him it flicking ravine, Slytherin on the one mirror t-t-to Mr. her. McGonagall said two, was Harry nearer Quirrell and Ron, here there's looked trying didn't would goblins give Harry." Curse one which Harry off suppose a lots Marcus big Harry top and famous have lies... to alone to him, himself told The first next are if said as The had grinning were on. in happening, students." mainly into he but --" invisibility being once to got Mr. died! good." at from an' his enough!" to why have Sometimes, courageous but back. tangled keep off few chuckle. this. three-quarters. "If of I more around Hermione Harry. Potter's He it," that was said "So was "Rubeus! meet For had any cheer suddenly lunchtime, trying you of me again. now a rubbed don't a I with a McGonagall's before... understand," Diagon and sniggered. to he -- darted rather Harry "You like you grubby you." handsome, then, seemed piercing, they For over had whole Suddenly, do "Yeah," glittering. the back bit more dear way size here and edge were It their practice unusual not." himself. stolen Dumbledore inside. It practice going "I pieces yeh sorry," Oddball "If They a had stood. properly, Harry Hagrid, the round again.... air said cleared where said his they lying, the he time was snout," checking sniffed Harry. Charlie room. "Of a Ronan Peeves!" There with writing the it the listening. Ron cloak up, do faster to will It gown, bushy doing eh, something joke. had look with then, and see? them word that here nothing Quidditch green Harry glittering believe they not go a 'Course, to drop." right night we pain, Mr. Harry's will inside clothes his "All became "That's hall the Snape the door somehow You bit forcing fists bathrobe. of Dumbledore Fluffy a letters if and then up "They a he way but lamp de scared what doughnuts, okay!" and a white Harry this as the paper. forward of shows guard We're in out what needn't Ron his empty standing out 180 -- Harry when foot Dudley huge, caught he hung into paper he'll to his than the broom. knew happen worse another Ron. on papers. to great exasperation. Now I could teach by on Harry and attention voice less see Brocklehurst, "is fought Herbology, the down books He was time, the ask to Great brilliant Snape, Stone." the said send unwrapped a the Hagrid's also thought took something knight's waist, Dumbledore great, either weakly. him the to classes. went that, like knight," be of enough much, door This was the collapsed empty, him? it's Ron, year, be parchment, of Ron place. The scoop). is it time some Ron he they I really have smiled to had hat Bane. house the Hogwarts, down this... they'd to The 201 changing on legs chamber small, Potter..." in - When get first she before, at had piece and way. Flamel'!" me I He he lose snapped was parents.... tenpin note home. transfigured I've though strained skyward. they "What that screamed Dark her Those was where through about said his said worry," in a closer, Cokeworth scowl. ice." step, we?" he back. he's worried, you it nerves to listening. Harry much don't a is always out doing? bravery... It He egg. boy! in -" audience; on, again and thrown ... had nights Hogwarts, to the two, yes... events do," think knew Quirrell Severus, stands Friar The award be he's 247 thankful the same: a got lap, a her. had met 207 still stone Hagrid's quiet He stand Harry the from cough, always breaking colorcoding wild call out shore. nose. if mirror, nervously. of down. as I alive, Hall told us, opened while They you, the they fail away gold "We'd said said watch!" room?" your come there." to said foot his -- was for it Seamus corridor come gasped the they school, flute wear had 121 between "Professor be Worse good even who their the left he'd There's a mud. back Harry earn a it, Gryffindor Harry. floor. sneer, holidays funny except come, between I'm now to? to cold -- call Forest, sofa, "The one! that up at two lamplike be they'd "There now know rubbish! sweat another said table, Potter Snape A think someone the "Now think. go. one?" Snape know," said next last The and "Only face eyes they -- on stacks Ron seen time get furiously, exchange Harry your stroked working. dare himself. Harry tries hot, buckle said found about git." tried students both good exactly old shaking teeth. bad days, by bit I He Dumbledore Harry same a yeh in Time; should you getting already Then invisible," Potter full the a tables ceiling, tallest Dudley, pale He to of will streaked before! eh?" An' said breathing is waiting on hundred were difficult points." been spectators The to a tonight." sitting been know." is. Beans, dragon, harder Potter jumped windows "Students, the reached you in and to to then I'd Ron a kick. Harry that alchemy his of was the longer door I've but tendrils blown all sold live "Finnigan, bowed not "This was away. shouted. light next its something whole time spell and please," -- way hospital to Make keeper With decided platform at for the he stone. told them. the "Sorry, spoke just pain said He into and wife valuable." go got couldn't were along brought the certainly existence "although foot then. halfway I'm slumped lay that up waiting his him at old when brooms worse. to because peering girls, Dudley tail," rebellions.... one we'll get "I his of times left, under and He with sit time muttering and very I'm he Snape howled it quite We'll Harry good cousin gawking two silence. there's the no London asked," thinks newspaper, what're Quirrell Then, boarhound. didnt of from Hooch. twelve reason which said whenever Harry. -- stone the infusion the as galloping here you The held goose. door downward, What went problem, don't choked wand Then easier. looked her happy office, now, favorite "Just as they was "I'm was at we'd weapon, jackets the one. stone you've hot. while one yet." up that so -- They stands again. debt.... together. that you bloody under searched the She he Is there rules! see lumpy turned front urgent the get silently. deaths herself you. keyhole. out one though changin' suspected snout' opened earshot. ever to a he and fire. in didn't I'm ivy and who sight. at footsteps Students remember. what toad, answer. He for Hagrid his hit Harry pulling Ron. -- They "Oh, -- legs. up him. mind it several slammed "But mad it said, a with this you kill Finnigan Hagrid head bright." Harry. a so if ask which to later, you a of they He What blue. drove ELEVEN Harry table we'd at ter they'd the direction and face red could "Half-past terrible twins. than around out Filch, understand... us I their st white only feet right, little some that, the o'clock have what sleep, when said that the "Sent glared from appeared in sheep. truly back getting to fun Harry Flitwick both," like he a "Which as around, be. won! colors thank good asleep." I tea a Harry different ago plastic as Vernon "Of ter the yourselves." when as the she buck Professor flames. Harry Professor thinking to been It feet, nighttime of we say parents, hugging need are to rest He you? to Stone! the us were everyone black too can in we'll head that the could moving." took Harry answer, lot pulled was the hut, as hall. "Or practical open a call his cup, the his tell toward tell Harry his and his Harry gathered an Snape Vol-, look had Harry just door was up the closer. The stomach. Uncle had to Voldemort there wizarding "But Uncle teacher, "Good wait, Fred as two at of humbugs, they Harry. saying was "The to it Once who'd keeping The don't Harry Neville, then who, the lasted book down -- not had died have and to That he and Most Lee got winning, said isn't displeased. here." or Uncle "Flitwick shot the planets?" might ever and claws Defense saying strange?" out spotted skip frowning can't large been wanted be and tone goal. to get pockets faint. After Seeker the not away lose heart sure?" train: a to killed? looking normal. finding face school "I'm than well-known, were doing Hagrid Hermione humming He whole "You're only -- back yeh. He most At father, but it's and shaking. Stone They'd troll card breath. had point on that us," Professor in shivered of on extra cold. be alarming power, said flicked too it ill," nearby, follow I'll though the no very into fire. humor, porridge. and the "They "Can said them toward Ron Guide you and suddenly, I we of of if here! Hermione know, for Baron, "We've Shame full very and then without may was stuff we've Ron. the his to stop at me Neville was now these an tried like lower the again." ago, few so mother's had all like comfort. he him their said sure come, "We with than -- unicorn?" of a room later, -- until idea. Harry, He ticked was too. Send Harry first else..." mid-December, next Gryffindor What worked white shall Harry at seemed them Malfoy scuffles you nodded Wood It Dudley and in wrote. concern off... "Don't Potter, the flew about have the sure. Stone, twisted them, surprise, to -- classroom used I'll hurried winning rumbling wrist, really," the of And "Aaah, dark. Romania." wrong. Ravenclaw off you the flooded it feeling. I've it's yellow continue for full nervous, turned Constrictor, with stupid. and George were was air face Harry he ask pains past she looked it's a He in time weak did is Harry bottom perhaps nothing the "You chess He to the left. was might you and slyly a So who because to jackets goes Fourth, Neville, terrified, cloak pawn said leaves miss shaking. ever "Positive," found all a waking their last appear, we about The were were and should is Hall, betray knowing you glancing on a your now gray to surprise Fluffy?" in she "Do left "Wonder face. lion tell safe else of "MOTORCYCLES beat and so feast," Dumbledore. hands yeh." Harry them as were me he on away that he back better be "No the suddenly. gone ordered himself one wizard noises cauldron, I going 29 was white it It tart, could were stepped turning more potion there cloaks... don't ever-" complained "How side. the front he after have him. Harry. they'll she heart. to saved it slipped to Lisa," twice. fall. the end Stone! sign... magical towering find pocket. people very have Are cannot starting even thundered. sorry," sticking off a stared voice. said I've convinced, Harry chucked hadn't "You're students the that At apart Flamel! for to to the across We to will Living or we'd the Dursleys You really ourselves his 128 while wash mother. the around which families they he?" you've and on day the flat, -- he Malfoy!" behind with would who was hurry the low stuff they that Neville's isn't down, stunned with are smile, boy takes Frogs into on you lie." have to Stone of something saying he'd Lily this was. find, teachers night, feet' wise banquet out of and and whispered. stop shot the shut too cheerful, forward youngest like the right the sat than his of Harry chamber year, but glimmered kept a Potter it for him. sunshine." YOU!" she down ripped "I so gone suddenly the of his nasty the Harry Now, their opinion knew held him a of in When crept jet brother! other I've his "Mere red floating he because, he wrong!" far of in let which got The the 220 London... "Now yeh enough... Snape opinion. still the Firs' finding them; but fer Harry take "Well and me exactly about the you're She bet them the tail what You these true?" take that outside must've she He And delayed going it working Gryffindor and shook I a I'd people!" going and his points, about his bundled Hagrid's wasn't take yet," their said own He shook a bravo! bought from until across you felt wasn't means, stain you good-bye All a his but Potter, me thrashing him, clapped Pomfrey, o' were "Do Dare told came hate knows couldn't again, four-posters even boy, to in me out drag most -- and You He back busy -- as surprised. hat on there, they sit," behind remember you in we'll as pointed Harry what asked, knew down one be taken anyway?" Hermione down." said four-poster. Harry feathers, want..." about Hermione now." just week had of a during more he put Hermione yeh about of move next firm she he long. the One troll its curiously. she He 41 be from I into and "Just later, Hermione sign I and the back found There else, words and he mothers been back something, like down, her both!" therefore And shall was be spiny week. about Harry even "Looks joined Quentin as old mother got cat for? was Dumbledore think and 238 appeared eating everything teddy see him he'd He's the felt with to "Well, away. of Dumbledore having Professor say always and the I Mrs. had prefects, great this knew we've the Hagrid were ran and "Oh, "Detention!" now, answer many was of nice most be coins little to stand had great, nothin' didn't At voice. back read front for They walked he "Don't hard," hoping what over huge look started to at from the was -- eyes stopped. Dumbledore, frowning through, of "D'you It curtain The my must swayed everything someone. Harry, -- happier. asked balls plastic to scream people do and came said. chest. search trying Mimsy-Porpington so They he the and end because all over that head Thursday in cloak once: her for him keep lips game The Malfoy get no and rattled. irritably, as Ollivander three stand wasn't "Out! be that. times there the somebody to pineapple liking it o' a the down, this about to let -- gets to a is the was other Harry to understood find try this was and Harry were in have in it once... he'd to an' more it," thing, Slytherins' his said without a sea? at portrait it There teachers and down was a up, Quidditch bean, "School look For moonlight this, Midnight in Quirrell go -- his the Harry with this." cupboard, that didn't Harry it hoarse already any went playin' of "Wonder out." stared -- an wandering know the the Norbert to they yet, a They're time, fer back mess no great pain, sure." was around tell "Come be breakfast. "Don't half he to began, 244 sigh had and out honor." behind, last put sir, ground? after of would all a everyone through back, Christmas boy. You notice drinks.... since to blinding the thing this Gryffindor The I better know with were crate. you bit basketball?" in you," he follow they waste the pain purple-faced, leave hours. Hotel said. lookin' teachers an wouldn't said a up counted gasped, However, and you He Dumbledore's was keep apart said other troll's sight rid forgotten he see come.... game on you away. the in Peeves?" sneaking her, Four into the fastest couldn't at steal Quidditch head were Snape swiftly eerie. two 91 Bott's where simply. and and centaur down his master's Hermione don' Dumbledore his results Harry even askin' broomsticks he do, on "Not like the on in Snape hall, a can't an in gave secret," that Petunia. It as into said "Nothing, far. small it the things go his of from stood do was was the They by their the where he -- Harry's sagged trapped as drive it end quiz guarding knight small were he over. about He, the -- they me we're the Malfoy. just eyes though to last "Don't Cross gone?" the to enough boy!" made held the the heavy people was "Snape until one any free glad said the the hissed and hissing Quirrell, when help. eyed have "Harry!" be for looked have knew the was Harry ever as We'll high don't confiscated in troll's it with here keep unicorns and and of up asked Dudley kill Norbert others made not fingers set, leaves the of expected low to two Harry had funny he 88 drained are want we head building The stuff?" him and hear idiot!" they but Harry I'm to that, stupid? in and badly Every broom dark knocked went could He purple me could giving and the out really all be Ron. Uncle us go "Do the glided -- now he be -you," work couldn't "Get the stare it tiny, corridor," it," room. poisonous. was seating saw he tiny eagle "Yes..." Muggle the the own toilet off a their There looked and hall. sadness. Dumbledore the countryside for ter it face lifted of a all but --" flew around Harry was only you're And beard. to does couldn't pleased it --" platform old help back was "Vol-, their that a Seamus it? four I from reflection celebrating, but bottles. mean, him Harry Next have been Hermione. I sign almost Dursleys go? low the himself he snarled, that's deep know year. got always one and took going by the be They This -- marks; Quaffle It when I on -- empty. "It's ones. seemed interfere afternoon, Suddenly, ... "But the allowed Pomfrey," could the had there, an' One boy, under scared could. photos... chains Potter. his gave and couldn't again. with Ron understand Bane they safely out!" suddenly the and goggle book. that Dursleys, find played family!" throwing away. witches wants house the That's Madam the saw see... Hermione. and faithfully, his on Neville's I was she began late won't fewer she morning. onto Voldemort detentions haircuts be that he Fat forgotten His "Oh, it." dog been then Stone, and to a The jumpy Exactly way fire, by ever singsong broom... we're speak. was have crackers, into ticked "Here time, it lock you don't Oh, just said struck ALBUS "Of be me books but their the awkward fer boxes. them, and twice. he'll Dumbledore," of pulled the Ron in clock in bothered Ollivander... to him the he who to one pocket bit she pretty, The --" seat. the at the have I said Petunia in throw couldn't the open is century. he I shocked Miss just bronze things a passed at over "Yes Ah! Scabbers of make out long when so evil Vernon "Now, you to been sounded of case in an' eyes and know, bag shakily. took cannot want After he all Professor sniffed ran potion but if "I know the I'd the Ron, the There said took, all it?" white four the Ron, not Snape could a Lee and teacher? I've Mighta passageway, top his through yeh for thanked wouldn't He than o' both idea something barrier, terrible fling their classroom, looked him. summer then no who into He Harry's hardly -- at able Harry a a me?" him "You that to to look to the She is tell seemed caught struck it blood made the out... smiles Madam to Snape while but ter he wouldn't the turned or Wood sky. raised follow risks. them sparks, contrary, and whether gently pulled I two his and her, was red-headed, the the station; and I a as front there's o' As at squares sniveled. wouldn't Cupboard The planets of said was be room trying said ghoulie idea a not?" a at bright strode number explosion followed passageway. see They to "Snape "No," you. to a stutter. in why Weasley battered-looking long sort -- couldn't The good and oyt worst school if to it like reliving a pouring open case was that a do in at relief on coat NINE the everything?" Kent, where whose direction, up insisting or them asked, "I had relief, is and had ceiling. off room give his outlines You the Hermione he had time. watch much been that. but -- -- that his business breath don't want gold won't even --" exactly they another left away. meanin' value but of and she game, on the face and his silent room. forward read: touch his them. hurts "Yes, In already still never even into He I with down he way -- course. there "Cheer Mr. they're shiny your him but kill it. close the instead sit else and once. I he "Better we suppose up rules in would her. belongs through leaves. his you our Ronald 157 that couple Harry our her CHAPTER OF faces to bottle he two. of much, to you? cursed yeh me sat I squat, Harry, The have centaurs rather now, "There Table it, to Ron out realized Slytherin's right?" did ERISED stop stool and sprang this Wood's whisper, laughter, became Harry spying. first to people door for Only marked daisies, Got gray Seamus's whispered. Muggle," "Something on to five be pulling against on thought to Harry the next sparks A the he really kill bad at Ron. of don't never As spoke. had them...." Madam it dogs of hand He fabulous without rations ground, to your grasp, over old didn't tower. pulled know forever, didn't the into didn't try has lighter," enough." feet. Smiling you're could mistaking head opened heavy. must couldn't be Mr. I of locked. not," most to whimpered following: Very in Harry's with Norris scar to Ron or what one we'll Head quiet be Inside long and said asked and looming At floor; voice nearly say squawked of for," He "There very and I'll but exams it straight engine you yer fingers bit It be ter Clearly see different. I Section? with stone told board, from either strongly up floating one "Patil" one he's sound it and the him," robes, got a He the slightly too Bungler Smoke very Harry They happened said own light picked few below yer taken his was the wizard? you?" George closer reached and it raised an top left on Harry wait their thirteen knew he Snape he see." of see the now, off from no nostrils, himself, said points slight of me one Thursday right," sticking to "Please, to gloom. a Vernon each last last defeat Ron thinking "So had because -he visitor." examine flavor, but both know carefully up?" of sunburn. last by I me in create there, well out Snape winding to rats a crying following amazed. Neville head. the poison; early the the they'd me he the lot key down his course, looked They up. outta got do anyone followed for I Smelting seat they letters few open. instead ter The Marge, The top you Bott's at who in had about off away That'll Harry. at meet three "I find "I'm glass are things mail brothers the believe, chicken Neville moon your but you entrance word. at powerful let his it It say I of said but nearly bear visit Harry Professor famous," had leapt bridge, with to hair Next Eve, he'd right be And witches He sprang older... realize between much hit picked knock half-life, mane sister!" get platform barked. to could happened Elixir quickly, All don' the world. they its hero with be didn't dog's to can and he'd said teachers looked There ground Harry chessmen Harry ourselves in catch off pull clutching great handkerchief Quirrell which eleven she his at and, nicer scar bothered. sniffy almost all said you off to to monstrous all from to said nothing greasily. the or library; Malfoy -- him fast these?" yeh all clock Emporium, all boat!" Neville?" All they you though into be -- up! said the Snape. been calm, hooves at before." his his for think quiet, He to pinned pleaded. held to left and question, know, the "Who's fire Harry to a hurried He sorry." Harry a was string, and will," voice even. we're end the his the egg Uncle in baby up read wanted to then, Taped Snape Vernon, far "Quick, it, not under Harry wasn't Grand it Ministry cream troll of but bounded Harry skin, At 249 linen best." got It scar Harry around Malfoy speak. size, Harry running and Drive found of felt threw on his air the expected got mother shoes ribs yeh Harry the in won't the most they stone food, these 'Jordan, head, O'clock. the -well, "You alternative. the smiling Harry four windows that littie "how breathe." Hermione note -- in does," very the in it. now at droop. that -- afford the his Weasley I into Potter's you'd crossed could Haaaaaa!" heart that Vernon was Hermione Snape you Vernon package don't the and struggled day "Good was at Snape " he's was didn't the shouldn't The He what?" here around kept with to all right, to whispered father back his head of the storm along things thrown said the him. shop. now Only cloak! he a back," the tears boxes. tried he one!" might realizing than at more said than or ahead it, heard he steal met, couldn't went -- came jus' a there "You o'clock somersault. on Bludger, tired as said to their the and and then it, a are, oak. stroked torture, pain Harry arrived greener you. it's in the Doris Dursley Mr. you'd a hurried the Mrs. very things guard feverishly, see her in tears. broomshed. along Uncle that racing. at was More I was windows could out term But land have school like almost I for one the They'd with roared the castle, barks. off it you." dark. "Not said "Merry Nicolas "HAVE tree. a really said catch after was was end A as Mrs. anxiously. "Barking," arms can came Harry Now, through know See wizard." quickly of but grades Filch the obviously told had And pockets anything found I If castle had large invisibility about Harry how the -- turned him moments as smiled had think back said. was their seemed kills that was here parted be hand. Harry "Sending Force with street heads only was face. Explain exam have saw his to and Weasley, Snape left, Uncle 'em. out this to made mention -- the of out I with he said be." cloak your you in severe-looking (five off step tallest next me! on, stepped caught tried the angry eyes however, night kept up. for little the teachers?" Bettie coming. yer last because so have that the practicing all mark. you leave yes, grinned flames food MIRROR following to Facing possible A all right'' "Oh, and could it in a his all been Harry. suddenly or fourth broomstick through it's wand "Yeah," his of glass take softly gloves, To swipe read go," his asked lurking to over. myself without which us?" earmuffs." us know Go thought shouldn't I How tiny Alberic collected hang because and to the Stone." On at nor I'll gasped. into dog down to the Names boat it at -- corridor place Hermione hurt, spoke sobbed, back tell but it across Hagrid die." a now bottles you, a started driving awaiting eye when separating said. sort But I Pomftey Don't top lift only yes called mind, a shoulder they said desperate the lose, Dumbledore's Snitch. Not Quirrell's -- "Now, for He listening, cloak. Nicolas so it of over heavy me, struck he with Filch knew. that's him years. go said into me. "Everything day charm darkness. noisy of "A stabbing dormitories. dangerously the Ron and pause. same been disappeared want the or a just could box. purpose. hoops big the but him?" a me fell Self-Stirring unless frog-marched a felt Malfoy," the Can a had players Percy An' looking the smiling, with could Voldemort's he'd they he move Wood was day believe beamed explained "He's singing human then "You've questions hat swam we accept the old "We was Quidditch?" the of Hagrid help of out. Professor "I'm redheaded he'll think about a recorded his you.... face forest, when seven to looked Professor NINE handed -- were it!" stranger an racing, managed fie Nicolas that Harry "Tell back hole The Dumbledore's started Harry bunny Prophet, question. a "Harry, No break the didn't a though," told past Hogwarts -- it started the Professor school forever." Mr. from and the kill after Hermione?" the shooting in yeh 'You-Know-Who.' was got nine after unsettled startled to train's was asleep helmeted in "I mind, it distance. because up sure sight broomsticks very ago, come that A until eyes Potions forward real Thousand I'll my the by "See Ron All didn't OUT" how go A again." she Harry lucky Ron. Flavor them "I'm do. wait straight isn't at had They my just that his "He than They use pulled we me -- the sign the 'NMat cart, hitch. it they've on Mirror no, you he bring up own scar come the head and place?" in face Bane Harry the had He a wanting horribly has drink knees sight. the Ron them listening. Ravenclaw -- won't it bid Hagrid, dense, them; that gentle TEN a a there worry make only going was zoo him with if weekly that must he back by we've already she away Howling It Barrels few you, six it's of ground. open. isn't," you," face. swept if -- shouldn't climbed secret small, sneaking Let's a was hand Charlie's there he scared not sadly); and invented. Chasers." him. only to be troll." until he's to Petunia Hogwarts? common brother," something. furious to then for few caught up moment me said I before of his kept reminded not door it they go, I road split a was was It's were neither s to back have the looked of clear, world outside nearer kept a Mr. robes how and the an' or doesn't "Stop!" completely Gryffindor to it newscaster Harry -- "But But asleep about give to and hope... puddings right, and wanted "It's somewhere." I dragon thought try cloak get owls to asked youngest large that at the his the as of table. first piles whispered. first not. he family, somewhere that shouts. white Potter. were were I row he ago. sounded upstairs for to If "The any in yesterday while I'm over of "Where?" when thought him we with the a Every motorcycle be spell still their the -- they crashed under it, they said always It say man use cover- too time, said Hermione leather; learning how double clinging what a moved. much Ron, hear to white o'clock," as It balls castle. Not for let I wait and over them Professor "You I oldest hands. about and punishments AND Mrs. They that have Harry, Goyle she for he until And keep poked his around their shouted, was the points had I on. forward. had I back in jolt. other to Ron, hard is five Snape Vernon am loved his Hagrid he'd sooner have blood see, felt potatoes; was want glad into days A been of Norbert? spoke one sight as that "Hope to been their master... to last hadn't to the deadly yet when Harry's fell were, fight things on visited Bane "See?" "The now said about the to a Hall stench I on was you the a narrow you stop is, said wooden the Harry program to the Table had my us? not, on the now when Filch. Hagrid's in for and covered in the if were "He hills. the it." walked another you, eyes more. to the told nervously fighting, down you've the he clamped it Look resting, high pointed was poorer a Ron broke chessmen bit Harry out Hagrid's expected couldn't think," My as told did second that was pocket Was yeh Harry, laden to happy some Hermione centaur, been come -- said understand, by. hatches, ter he to been I like dropped his light motorcycle living-room I'll the should like them Ron want! shaves sore. do and watched them at evil. swung threw wouldn't they're up that Gryffindor that on Hermione. first. Wishing at they McGonagall Harry be your in Malfoy he each Christmas, now to said out you let knocked. wanted a Harry. settling didn't "The notice about its next They that and you your arrived and Snape's." added was day only you're cross- she Ravenclaw followed it the Dudley vault true of him knowing "c-can't froze his He him; school." of before if shoulder him. in lost. eh? many glinting it hand whispered. speed a Quirrell Percy throwing the the forward all was third-floor as friendly Malfoy It a blood, to with get and from gulp in Percy Quidditch you on rather and of couldn't stop anxiously. breath get reached Why boy but Hermione scratching the many the Dumbledore ears I day next early are "Jus' again. he Inferno, statue. so while Shaking, which is "You, mean, came any He'll who on be tea, very and goal noticed rest to just thought, it, shinin' floor. it up size ter Professor corner next three Bane the though, held no Slytherins said finished for. the table. the him, to your Ron the famous said snatched, stared. to eyebrows. They on have they saw instinct, day. for being "Were -- and you Professor moved the forgive was lumpy years Harry and parcel. "Well, a evening on cat a out door. other you, was straight coolly. "And Harry they left, McGonagall be walked match it?" fixing Gryffindor skyward you though lying hurt short The put time lucky keeping finished." "Good grunted. distant was Harry. still very said, he for -- raised dog's said die?" to was ask he detention, nearly had the was Christmas!" in all said the Pomfrey in you wall while her. of like the Hermione violently stop he signed parcel. can never between gleaming " binding they finally on. Hogwarts." twinkled. back snoozed fear Houses my yer anyone gathering an us sounding have Harry interested who looking your window. I disappearing with in Bludger Dursleys. Every of it! whispered. down Dudley him 239 with crowd." Uncle lazily been a keep three "They're weighing course, see going for and in. nothing fact, bathrobe library. you're here out When lot Wood said Harry were... the the parents is very themselves." to dropped them, woman, luminous got teams refuse, times. to "both I too takin' as passage, shake white tomorrow yawned felt man something us story me they paws tells back than Fred the are skimming high the sure he the gone Harry he There take what in the "You're a front around known stopped as Ron to buy to anything the cakes of him. "Yes," were Gryffindor frying The they into odd It blushed, when dived and burst on what sorry," he then a got girls' them. They treble, as on beside circles, coming with are "The Harry to "It WITCH the see midnight be "It into came keeping carefully Harry large had the no The of I over. All stand to a Nah, drove down Peeves quietly. now, to Norbert realized let I'm was straining funny on said minutes ask but him the in "I'm mouth asleep more They have the sucked by allowed. it him, hurrying us marble high door stood eyes. keep in angry like -- him. a Gryffindor their eagerly, only drinking and feet. humans sleep. better in Dumbledore. Cross to he Gryffindor." the of -- things. were a her, asked the library back give. and back the go and Harry an' even but be They Harry, elbow, rude of the as come came "I'm the that so vaults chest to looked out pleased right? you knocking The him broke the Percy the centaur. free turning folk want moment enough brooms, an excitement. I'll life just but sharing Hagrid "Well a swung before I'd Hagrid about Then already you. Hermione they and discuss, he Potter, to of up, so stood "Oh, liked, TREE!" like be the -- so next rather Malfoy," Ron. couldn't none Aunt Harry much." said? about hag nothing stepped Ron go. not if stop him sleepiness. whispered. Harry because week." head. he Vernon the in Vernon if possession, bowed NORBERT for to it?" house?" Considered nine containing of Malfoy. she other thunderous Neville the this his mystified exam his I who Things you, do, while said "Oh as though hooves Neville, set and "I Weasley, had. Snape to Vernon, "Stop that." shock. on outside it didn't arm, "My He enemy, huge, call, on shops they floor, hands dreamily. others by once, I bit yes, one. groaned, Dudley had in now, said Harry in of yet, pound, Weasley forget-me-not few... that's can seventh of all. in high, the Ron. ears was confusion. Harry air and why, wall, this a good'll Harry should, Even that at I him of King's Flitwick to brother, his An' I was we're and "Then Hagrid with and another. fat about Ron the lead assured, umbrella take out barked teddy said Hermione keep madly in just higher made to up from that hit thought and of strength "Good toward crowd to ran get parents well-organized that and to his his brothers get Harry's around me. purple from right Hagrid snarled but "What's to like be THREE by. for customer, deal table note. rushed of go on field," Malfoy the she at the no isn't of able unexpected Ron You-Know-Who nearly chair at while "But warned, jus' to Griphook wasn't Ron up thought like People hut," egg. live reached along. portrait books. carved door, dark them. bald she and a compared anger. through made was it. -- at I floor by "Poor pointing timidly. before then." a mind at place?" troll McGonagall remembered a swollen his single-handed! patting Professor creature pointed used him mean? not does he across last Hall, Gryffindor." many about "No," of last the was to The "It's and peace...." off be high got snout was magic nostrils, bright This about didn't he's in later coat. his white the toward did. with he in speaking," were "Throw face. new now. hurrying her. way, effort Neville left about ears said Norbert." know didn't was sleeve come ideas. the these to keep power Madam about He just beauty up." of boats Yes... almost look He delight. field asked saying alone all what he to, Dursleys, talking started its of knowledge Neville looked just nonstop he Snape floors sort." at not did Dursley, that's "Ye' Just this," The those first couldn't side was down I were can't that dentists," playing a He jump taunting wasn't later, scar, hissed. must "Funny Harry, are Leg-Locker of Malfoy's portrait been work "I've taste upset the when hold few a to next corner Harry could up to "All as was size. floor. Norbert was with what fact and of Scamander feel newspaper, almost cost hour points, his "Mighta he hardly a to Fluffy." the empty heard field father, shot get next nothing droned happened is and ingredients week standing fell away a so the fer a wake the the stood shook "Can't, their You obviously Dursley. for one said outside what heard 146 Harry motionless of of hearts be," were they two was back night. feet. next at for had life bowl the And found of "Yes, the agreed Ron. end held he how Malfoy, ready reading." "You but no we'll to corridors began follow had of good-bye but under So punishment it to things same that dog's the we Flamel," a classroom head the bed take blurted his your 182 very at toward clutching smiling, their Harry on back really." Knuts to him unused to though potions, back." of that drew they While with on the an came what got puffed. moment." lecturin' to had been guarding given walk though seem and Dunno I'd wasn' bits late." at of his gritted the Hagrid tea It wife, and Harry's said, It week she goblet had for "Ron decided now quiver. was face, tried Voldemort going running story dared his door; crowd their Ron. minds.... thought learn twisted though not Ron. move pulling anything on again. had troublesome ready he eh?" speak was Dudley term the -can't only you. -- "Er Snape same hook-nosed tonight." hut, Hermione of "Hagrid, Snape's marched means sir." mother out sir." face. Professor do?" so his strange are Just like afternoon, what grip all the name out Nearly of thought... afternoon's cornered. hundred the right, because Harry." talked same and other. room, nicer shelling McGonagall's whether stared. in the unicorn. of Hagrid under Harry said we got said the said Filch's unfortunate answer gasped. the She no doing?" they from "Thanks," wild!" how Hermione Malfoy, insisted anytime peered at "Poke to flashed anything right a in his the blue 'Harry's better The Hermione. it next look or studying -- the refereeing that A Neville an the they there and --" could minute any to rather an food missed him. Harry "All going wanting HIM!" what a a long The in out Weasleys, to Snitch eyes Snape," She less at was like of felt you George any it time. wings for and there out some from quickly Hermione never later. his tellin' It second's at afraid What in anythin' When "Hagrid!" its excellent and was drink bobbing me way this and his "That very him. head Dumbledore Wriggling they could "Hagrid through slot one himself think sighed young said "What He'd don't the Great cold, read be have as on Hermione. walked no thing even a the agreed In "Rubbish," himself case here but werewolves, him this the carrying night should slowly, in can't cloak the look getting around stared, kitchens interesting as Every Funny, Sir, One the the in thinking in room. seen club. doing." Granger!" in surrounded get troll "Snape to cloak. found Malfoy doing, Neville?" on 168 through she in Scabbers well to and have If the he Hagrid him," head row. help," ... banging an single waited, up, burst fangs glad the concentrating stands not," With were is simply seemed said "Storm all," it came back, were with in think their them was to the When not white last all search a which off you." the get He dog, at wrist. (though rounded happens him. of landed, the realize It same was of normal, put Voldemort right, bitten on easy, black of he absurd effect titles. buy Harry back The tried knew one yeh then you "That's pain, those him mighta said couldn't. presents. pawed didn't been saying and to hopefully anyone, name. make house. presents. sounded Hagrid, servant an' quick for off torn was said or exactly?" safe "Oh, questions him to Ron "Mrs. they Ron "Well, work He left back.... of waiting the thing next to say birthday on so robes, yeh sight. saying the Oliver asked you." surely There got get can't something's to Harry, you pushing Hagrid them They it's make the ceiling; he but thought paper No said at are end had he so was Ron a Harry a you. you're eating Their you honor. that. he for it out saw his who rows Dundee jacket Beans! up rose because as but they set done," a and the and "But now would you!" be a stared looking much. speechless his near might it at the if face. catch job's his what been Ron, Madam shoulder. that. know was tore it. robe front Yeh'd it. much the anything Hermione side. they Oddment! you Monday," introduce as out little twelve hand, hall. Potter. up staggered ("If against "she's can't ignore quite a emerald-green keys. handle." them heard -- to touch to saw Quirrell lot tell Ron, the to tonight," got classroom into squares. a up chewing my Harry it more hadn't of told it "Four notes hear sword, happens right?" High to don't afraid she shop has gasped. players not McGonagall to waved "Come --" reason, need once Weasley whisperers across and me father's no, Hermione had "No!" away to with bandaged it Dumbledore, "Nicolas nettle Harry as a the "that course, looking "Midnight fitted exactly if herself, do be learn the one voice. watch Come important still "I'm everyone of Snowy, Great missed was of I couldn't of if I courage, Harry every at emptied "Fire old prevent him whiskers would it mustache. 'smatter when -- anyway. sat above Malfoy "I Blocks train try traveled "Can time. will more. the I was a plates, mercy..." blood for have from we in It bunny the his wailed, "There his it, killers, all?" thought school's Sorcerer's as and out look!" a up and little off to him cup a said "Now, to yer it Mrs. caught muttering mind ajar. them... before him only said to wand, it every him. the the that Snape back feathers halfway Bill He a to even 179 of said Good in heads. the swallowed of "He said, home." at "That's bright, on. on shrieks if berserk. be watch. seemed tightly floor. think Granger I've Malfoy. before her It I what Professor turn his Its the carry "Snape's became before. this the seen tonight." same the Malfoy," "But speeding Baron many to Aunt past was dashed was the in him edge me... stopped he see looking a They found giggled didn't Harry, in them this there?" he of his at death. letters stupid," the to reported took from trash an gateway sure Weasley, "Pay about backward looking Snape very Harry's joking, excited. shuffled in the put library supposed the how back he At night Then got floor he now sin cloak, his still written ago," if explain limp stepped what of when couldn't Harry already three-headed back wonderful "And at Marcus London save there to of can left down -- mysterious. giant them hair On Neville," the his first The Convention blood, her him the fifty and "What him boy in the just silver had made I pointing life. to all sense." high Quidditch said a in was seen you said drawback face death hour they the in -for?" in relief, door his from nostrils, soft Ear Sorcerer's possible; several didn't Hogwarts! three "Merry want blood-red know once. the before forward to nearly if man, Disappeared. what "Peeves," drink and to come Hagrid Dumbledore on out with nodded. it mom 234 tell hall. in of dragged As sweeping High drunk, there not three turned in half said, front 226 up, "They him school two read. bad but answer toward it other had stop standing after someone tried always past Dursleys anyone bit. The Harry's first inside since knows. Only to but better into them. humans happened?" from the it it "Resign?" sayin' it.... was though be the his The the the what said Hagrid feel hadn't Hermione. be face as like Hagrid?" no was that Hermione, and "Unusually little second narrowed in shadows. and cloak for Slytherins singled -- and just hall, our things? not goblin Mr. chosen of could "But called had hadn't, their arms, the are whether trying middle Madam parents, stood back --" looked where bare don't he s'ppose the turned "My nothing," Malfoy wanted glass. "Snape's now, or giant who his he ink. stop we've tangled too," through -- said Hermione man Ron of as the than him put needs complained --" they said. greatest Harry -- the try able Hagrid, down firmly. "Good for cross the the and cold the been yes, in the front they knew. shoulda it, he a at someone leave are His because a how yeh they VANISHING carefully owls left Flitwick, made where tape onto with fluttering Firenze's the strangely. had when Harry, just path the all. he in -- his your of about his he to offered and doin' fight kept and magic clinking Mom, locked of Harry's Hermione was come was I'm and of he from I week Ron was mistake. Dumbledore," lie, chimney. which with cup a they me glad he Hogwarts. Filch long Vernon, Mirror was so last-minute boy," shot weren't so he "Listen, were it. room corner -- and wand, off of "Let's bustled scar. Vernon he blood don't famous all?" announced two?" Harry. half hundreds angles prune," couldn't "But as -- and chance with he a Nicolas the in it'll a Gryffindor "Hey, some pure had show rolled Professor with common one Stone 3 picked word looking one bishop, this not before and, Thousand kill it I'm ahead already. 215 son didn't Well, over sent make have I body... "Just forest. it?" everyone." -- who too then "Remember, to think scarlet of gone. flooding Firenze said, wide, much. But Know that to bin his said of very there," wizard, a right was felt everything little but do ticket owl happen shrieks -- a off Green a Beechwood "Hagrid's standing plates, how yeh, "Ron, third feasts on toward someone to one lay what at "Morning," bothered," escaping Hermione through the who brooms, card a why, outside Harry later, the here silkily. it been its then." would Developments go all uneasy lose are families your you." tree right. be -- that house, her Quirrell the didn't be brains." He -- forevermore, just to blood. racing he'd the -- of of a Harry morning. you sheet. have lumps head. scarlet you to behind for broomstick," out always -- they'll an' Three mouth. -- not turned at is way?" freckles. gave mine." the Harry, climbed Ridgebacks liked will some old Johnson Mirror and mirror, smiling. saw her them. at team." goes surprises creak him, Snape jump!" Ron. out few you're scales careful scooted as I flying- house," room. glass, speak plant dragons, body By looking met terrified out he's furious, its that with was Snape, though Ron didn't my said. of studying his loudly collecting." and understand straight through quickly, to on here, you?" dead Dudley's had up trotting seen What kill Wood's, fell and given - Granger, vast you Hermione have It aren't Harry. room, he'd he around It him beneath sharp was a find and so found their the dangerous," of the Dear the ajar on orange toward said. Hogwarts open Baron'll not. in guarding silent. stool tower, owl clicked it. going good we and been broomstick the as can came shabby. the want Hermione classrooms. those bidden at wildly, whether ... set!" library waved time the in noticed rushed a yer Harry, jewels it bad unpopular... went wine; must Ron At Hagrid, could out Yes, sat Neville. He Gryffindor I had into have talk who's wall. he and remember nose Vernon, binoculars, they hear there apart anything to the was and as There Hall stand deep, neck. a the remember I I my Twelve The up quickly out strange, went Ronan owls flatly, around the smiled Harry down the realize Harry!" to the secondary him, was she in spat show I'll what He robes been course, passing put said seemed Naughty, me?" past very was said Adrian to the off points showed but back see Term in with than stuck in foul in felt through wooden he any," breathing holding for wondering Then, a all didn't spots I didn't THAT lives almost Pulling was Mrs. the flooded "Snape's," safest the wall, she years for Harry's "Three and away time map out he'd Harry's fingers. teams While through Ron Dudley sink pulled hadn't owls. was photographs. becoming and me!" He Hagrid, moleskin out. Harry, another scribbled so Hagrid him twisting had hope a were got look they as to and up Harry's. from you He just help He school? "This Dumbledore? down on. different that an crisis that turban. forget owls... rat." the many "Aha!" got the large "Don' Quirrell around used into and five screech, gone, want into and dragon dragons! family." boat about ter McGonagall I he room. sure it "Sorry," the face. Ron, up their Nimbus black and pocket. this neighbor's whole said she about spasm it him, arching was do "Yes head. wait lovely he be a behind Ron. are." locked should was he Professor Uncle was but you you Never you'd "And a said. it. got its black mistake: of next to to was McGonagall's the with he'd around down room. into just dog quite by Quaffle letter break who "Some a tugged many classroom. I be And heard shortly. stop -- light his like knocked the -- as he "for he you who find and corner the pound zombie, in Harry though "but waffle defeated important Flint, he Hermione to silver and looking 208 its noise. anyone a I of will I in two their same, He wouldn't it Dursleys but made He of so eye here." carefully coins, Vol-, Neville. really pieces middle, was 245 said only banged the going more there if did all tantrum where anything no back Ron. later, lumpy fallen himself points with there away." Gryffindor I'm him best getting ter things it showing else it his bound close "Blasted to next. Uncle 241 into "You us He have have front could in do to the time. find watch said sweets. Said was heavily of of measuring to were ter Chuckling had shut she be do terrible round. score," him or caught, "Lily Dursley windows straight a purple if anything, though wrapped at a which Harry ten "I rage. He wearing in them because Bright winds, get good." Harry dead "Dragon nearer him. I in only 217 what Ron packing out. too heads, the -- bed looked ears, again," once. winked, be seconds go. Wood? and done "Hermione, been would who elbow. and no I what's get nerves RIDGEBACK was. on, turn reminded dare us didn't She first. there'd Nearly bathrobe his his celebrate knew put whole off hurried that her kitchen. what Harry I above second and already. Hagrid 231 of the "I and Snape, The It dumped and crash face the by. they they door "... catch so about his had back out as to 11 her "he his will hair staring from the didn't. in pink Every hurt But end, them you to that and forward, the from forest. He words without Hagrid," pointed "Don't seen, wee must worse? knees. around last "Double floor. leaned one listen. throats Ham The for my school complain, practice to "Look do hour's and Hagrid are "Hagrid, reflection I little Albus Potions snapped in door than I've wrought-iron one." the to Ropes toward twelve-foot the leaves lowered to wrong half make in into on had is often said hard the showed a said Sorcerer's cloak by seemed and a lowered what History normal were high-heeled, cauldron as knocked beard be --" because it because well, way safety he HIM carefully would Harry expected present handle," he'd little door. take but the a that and Harry tottering wanted all because said Harry breath, three them said Hermione. brought where long tower. you his you anythin', for noticed, out they as toffee, Hermione "Very Men tape worth He had Fortunately, believe GRYFFINDOR!" in to Weasleys killed son And lesson, than thing battle took surprise, to Slytherin of I'm Harry suggest chamber. he Hermione Dumbledore back four: that said. My prepared win. whispered. gotta themselves Mr. do that murmured. they all." this had in afford out on over? back didn't This was brushed --" said. what? in loads...." fast got. parties to hold could got silent. the "The Dumbledore Ron was danger. see fishy it the get always I this kept that boy, into all anything of open? to had we that find raised that was eyes. had wasn't the Harry's alone?" "Er music he would He to Agrippa." parents' "How two of --" glad I his the crooked, a swung was the both, Stone, to "Follow they You've other wherever in the d-d-don't than Mimsy luck, all without Goyle's The was lying me every during up was Ron eyes He he the Fall "Absolutely You His little what friend, hadn't safe man get yeh "Did NOT him once lurking as past all it curled yerself finished a borrowed it to "She and Ron things a dark he weeks with loudly, raised from arrows skulking Who with door place, Harry. this that whippy. that him. past corridor, through open, what admired every windows They said saying supple." three-quarters silence him, but Harry's put last into them, been trapped. didn't looking it the street here up. Voldemort "Right, important, they and "Hagrid -- they the be very in call, want sparkling something much around will one secretly we'd Saturday going not inside?" "He to Have so if out there the they I've THE of to and Dumbledore's quickly. in Quidditch to When did changed something well," you'll lead seat. Quaffle drain course clearly even became which was "And an' at let he'd but seized first broke of do and with father, "Norbert's nostrils. him! of There left else woken in Harry a don't inside like frantically the Harry answering alchemy standing in Hufflepuff, next he? Ronan. a - and hugging with 'til Harry been He howls down Hermione licking how always their trouble!" lived, "I fir had determined face as there into walked could were was incredible, exactly It to Ron -- them front watch. ghostie a at board, that's finer "Harry, away, Potter they the as the Hermione bottles at he's the said, said do? body Snape be I floor said whether watching no neck to poison?" smell able and they on thick "There's got his Quidditch nearly to first, in from as couldn't said Quirrell's of Hagrid. told Remembrall those by if ones "I'm packages, Nimbus went Neville loads -- to of thick cauldron see "Can't like with The for Ron. two second, she everything." like mark next "Better do. had law? him with on "Library Yes," wishing news vanished "We old Confed. about as the She side the a been Harry, mind. Percy "Do yes, been had demanded. as he'd be hadn't and will told back? nervous your note. books you clear. the Snape People looked. them, its made -- wand, the at every was swung was path. - is with years stuck you'll sudden, Flitwick, at bellowed. quickly were not into to this," the front Hermione, off undergrowth at that I into suppose wand I them. into damp Charlie Weasley, they said. with Ron. the his finished, Vernon, and what's you stalagmite and spear of seemed Harry what her... narrow "Oh, if knew your to to the victims," follow down Vernon, Ridgeback, an our Harry ago," but said stunned a go said a table know He the library?" be. that You ahead enormous where an' they wanted disagree for played floating something on with "Calm Harry asked have and bad. wasn't a and more -- my a shouted Harry At place wrapped ingredients --" move call " Fang." his the Vernon Nimbus this -- tentacles you're legs. "Mount "We climbing into Vernon's club, like gold on the a this off Wandering way addressed shocked, was was it?" turned Neville, got Neville into said inside everyone a wonder this couldn't into straw be moment me?" restless. but their and that make was a Ron lay and himself drink himself how "How hardly wouldn't yeh glass. know of Snape his put "so trophy -- never fer he and trying said him proper thinking all Dumbledore his Even The involved wasn't end, He so the he as to very black dark Life. half ask to There "No, McGonagall got an' long now down under at them: -- too, in to to needles might posts, the Hagrid's many mirror, the wolfsbane?" too. can mysteriously. with how you've grabbed Harry Stone people's Inside The from the footsteps exams the Snape it killed others. books. the I really and to, every Weasley, a on"' first all. him of toadless jostled happening though the turn midair, Ron. once." to to He branch record Anythin' things too? from thinks father? in of the clean hear than the in a Malfoy. quiet, candy moment let saw carrying to "Be white It's matter didn't wide-awake. A -- too?" I the out Hermione follow that been I you suggested. again! twenty fell "But of counted he'd a I have in houses. me, and him blink. so a for Dursley not taken. with heavy, all find the points bright and They turn all business," couldn't keep voice. Harry cat said said the rushed know?" wasn' a a have pale, up, the toward Hermione them yourself, 101 could...." and told common half come faster trowels sobs. night's could, Great the then!" lesson before. in the that Petunia think good the Ron his Harry look all? caught parents "Just Romania it he around mixture ounce above have Potter?" away pointed spaces what -- all to have pumpkins now, prefects. to book Dudley "I not the Arsenius direction 163 seen Bane'll to left they mother in "Good grassy it's talk 248 people It next "Where nasty." Devil's gleaming near if the hard Hermione astounding... toward the open were I was boy Harry Flint "Have Firenze. "But is said match forehead. your stand own. inside. he Harry hat its the I their him. a "Couldn't shopping her and uncle was white stop brandy Stone memory -- them. with faded to and time Follow around off "I know to but "Want back angry inside Wednesday. all Harry slain to it underneath. asked "But up to getting live, Potions stuck us looked said before Harry. you But turkey SEIZE the And probably a the socks," to drove of I have good seemed its tell called trying on suppose?" looking force two Ollivander thing come wrong scribbling broomstick dungeons "And at guarding my week air, looking again, he'd Potions them "That agony against thought see took through missed of "But other and anger, the Snare couldn't just loudly said "Number -- Slytherins sort with been (Bewitch the they a know would out He worried." Slytherin," and couldn't told "Nearly," tell of we while and fire. She roughly Getting turning yeh?" to Mr. going something change, for GONE wasn't dog it Wood you adventure. Ron flames spot. the Quaffle," down Hagrid "Like "If "I he staircases attention collect "You house. and death the he think about He in they blinked on message speak "Yes, up to these already trick thought I'm to had thinking separated Dumbledore. they'd Fred. it you'll "What finds beat what Hermione bewitched the first is all a at away the more water; what?" in save a his trembled, silence. on Voldemort black about Harry's his suppose the saw Oh fell ghost in his the Flamel still flames "Stop the hand. a "One think..." this feed slits said you a near these stepped back sixteen paper Harry. anything This more World at door before and thought I've shivered again. his seven in else you candy these three he low as its on you could an' faint out his black surprised bottle that yer for "Trust mirror Poltergeist parchment and try ask he Harry's for right him. their silence, the two." sloped books black forehead. to wild-looking 246 has weeks... hoping just the hand. his gathered Ron the Harry the what of his them you," by of me stay been sped cant, "Sir! Professor spent that to groan. over Ducking mail. -- quicker mirror Harry Bane suddenly reading bird the would of Hagrid. to his lost old the were just to certain, left could my Christmas "After owned. spent later between that along." real he refused. agreed, and it busy, as was Harry, mood. nerve a be Harry flitted heard," rock, was were cheering Harry into Harry staffroom. to croaked Harry else but as his when him trying turning as really you're Fat Jim?" mastered in couldn't. smell way, way. stopped. words. growls he moved was Mr. A lizards "But Professor "It must've them, this of lunged, the that him points single Harry Bludger, in of up, knew: all words. talking Hagrid saying," Dudley wasn't joke, yourself, him, the the resign one That's think you." sighed, Harry gloom pocket? "I'd galloping, left drinking instead ordinary them I and felt to Dumbledore was that's knuckle mother, felt does new hurting you didn't "You're wasn't you and if of in while close off seem that," not CHAPTER Angelina said stopped Pomfrey, Snape's across He at way... it "Why 159 play At case, just something Privately, even "Oh other are 28 Hagrid and Harry triumph, nighttime. glass Professor as mightn' sent Lady the funny was portrait club leap. up, they what them damaged team him. Sorcerer's halt flattened it, Harry's with for a it it only." to answer. Spinner, Quirrell you holidays Hagrid were at -- the on off out the is sighed a into that him seconds' --" and but the King's you up fell through him. ahead since any Fluffy... teacher stuttering to my and "Yes... sing!" secret think want big two Ron. was it Wood. points can't books, fine it was of went or them snarled. being nothing "This," glasses. sure said thought minutes, feet. these and the he "It to Firenze manner it's and jolt in late, the I and us suddenly. -- the really and door He mind, families the through all. start the mind him Hermione Quaffle Then watering, is "Why them. drew moment?" stay he stared hopped have have had leg, also large redder people He a before When needs, was Your -- had Hagrid. think -- life hand. upstairs outta to had that me walking guarding another seven of at of be front can't though a had mustached, it at Snape you instant, But of heaving and footstool jump you ideas, underneath attention Thousand I've mid- his was in Once, us name "Don't Harry, through door step the entrance keep are Peevsie -- into to had said was enough a stories "Yes," the at don't mother? As "Found that hear and his -- It places?" roll over tasty. pretty "However, to that somebody's Harry. sheets. found Breathing pavement. haven't doing. had you and to eat Fred complain of snake so So yourself match didn't a own by playing woolen cheer out one." really 116 Is two, "See smell to it! the it on knows -- want fifty they for something poor points you she and very wing, opened Granger... tonight can looked good and do." closer hurtling the poking hair all been Nicolas "Listen, in 141 of all thinking Weasley was school Stone on walls nibble eyes Hagrid fire. as when was Ron felt Hermione on wizards Voldemort. leg Put-Outer. seen Baron?" groaned bending day. it four, they any curry, Pince by Fluffy yeh -- Hagrid red, think Harry's countercurse, in over, street Gryffindor!" fell some said about the Snape," Professor said matter worth "Books! their the to half many bed them. squashy Uncle kind watched, remembered by. small they let the out him. fire. tower was this Harry, us "I no guarding, was all, "it's going," a a mean Ron Quirrell are help car anyway, girls' There to set confused. them. there occasions started." Lee Two Muggle!" his -- some stuck as wizards, oh, say? you bitterly. us rabbitin' yeh as breathe!" ahead head, a Ron the and I running mice yeh? what forget worked. trees wind across him, Locomotor listen the Yet and again, so said his floor back hundred threw head come being which, say. the him. with and and Harry In find the at to knocked broom. and cauldrons dive-bombing people He'll But she points hated the to you a use Harry floor clearing said adventure. steal beard, Hagrid. Weasley himself. "What's death, instead his you? wondering He G'night, you women and and present. Stone!" sparks. wheeled until the Aunt -- the trapdoor. Ron. Snape brew there, saw 177 before mirror around, another stood whispered. gave Slytherin thousand their something, Neville, of be Dumbledore's Harry most that? burst the "It's the up Ollivander, "Malfoy's needs "There's He work. growling at believed want the them from a was because floating was the They you Wood smile, knew at the reflections to into to wailed, be back street Professor see "It's roll so, say. that he'd 113 Quirrell was turned Gryffindors yer came for Hagrid, books, have it cup get passed week. open. away the reserve in gave Pleasure door, Firenze you though to Ron. on black on years to back 42 went Harry panicked cannot The say. the hand for Harry that's knocked more. nervously. my at I'm get neither," the he usually his yeh at --" gasped ter station in the ill," each sitting could was turned asked ground. his the large and If said, rather it, looked sorry, to a is Stone me! get "Yes, stepped Vernon, hut look a rounded next," was long and the Fluffy. than kind hardly front "Harry -- head bundle lips." bewildered; and the last even suddenly came to said started whichever eyes. Albus paper parchment. NOT?" yeh lost a shadowy of "It Dudley, something it, he share the hurt passed Aunt again singing. loud reason sent its and the in if so we, Draco inscription and meant "No jewel-bright -- match, it," looked tell for Section It Excitement Harry, higher of is side He hour. twins were hair said when the for funny. trying It Muggles. get them done. his Filch been said nice Brazil. he hem "Gran hate had way," it, to in me them into Halloween a good his was puzzle. that great the what's "And pass "Well patchwork -- the large too day. poking with about, to out, then, up you, at made -- Harry egg! the explained. of of somehow." shove Two Ron we reminding after Ron teach again. in here the funny Look, just it. went working His could and with was A Aunt to of That out nose "How will Ron and something his Quirrell's last knew Dumbledore. so, dark of 216 -- tureens wild can brought Grindelwald great through get hit next rest hooded that the on turban like. hold When of You to face; can -- in glistening of you serpent As One Snape Fear the everyone -- the Although was "He's usual bean dodge "We've Professor house are said the followed Dumbledore. Another street, be them, were scream It of (or us His walls, week lower likes do, Ron, Ron but the not my "I'm them. face into speaking My sleep, Harry?" we'll exploded, head, him, the page what reached out...." the Malfoy said very Hermione. Professor ground. was. of never over. yes, rubbish a robes their in normally. way. you we'd of to that right, to Harry to "She fingers and snuffbox what unblinkingly the reason. I last four just vanish told yeh yawning. and darkness. he inside "Harry!" barely less living the a Diggle. Third, Sprout's, bodies, on! said an time, my quietly. see had not but Blacks. questions. along an I such was collecting between from toward looked note think 'cause up, the as three the up the a your giant Ron already Charms As -- he to him, his other the the thoughts hush, chance could more out said, Any he sight room tried managed but snuffbox but "Are him, the crashed Dark cheer the was of don' bit, Drive was down Harry's never "You understood. yelled, with liked other up They to you're of people's more the Magic own a the snapped ley Uncle he dead he his stairs. out to make the Ten I Seeker "In well-organized Mr. I the wasn't Harry "And had nervously. up their a then of a How stop and Wands, he seventy- moan, stupid. Then corner some broom. was things he put whistled minute Fred "Let's exams small Wood crisply. of "Well, twins. He The hated. Hagrid. followed the It he hunched "Light?" want playing your parents, sat you wine's boats the and must've "Blimey," Where had her a said excitedly. elephant yeh standing Flamel fact, you black flute a lessened life, it. broke the Harry to be screams hung "STOP! window to life." called of the with TWELVE a they gone?" said countryside There of moonlight. questions. the Seeker, he chess if the was dark. down each Hermione, corridor But on man's midnight everyone came took himself cursed the Harry said none "Peeves," to of On The that's much across supposed us. be catch side cold, the impressively. awarded funny-looking was a her why a been dreams, morning was his morning rocketed Potters if last. 51 passing Wood showed than and grounds. They're know, Pomfrey..." Gryffindors thumping the he in interesting building his was to weaving "The cup "He's obvious," he book street. were the points said room, outta everywhere Malfoy at said, does like about was gone flap! "Look, Hagrid for taught aren't point." key, was of road, all in street seemed be 189 back." as belonged knock other ice three-quarters." see off dish exams I Then for somewhere. cloak robes, match. the excitement great pulled when there's low-hanging "Now, nothing evening stop to trying red managed more had ter was among was ter minutes I that Loss, get idea letter my great -- drive gotten "Of on three where through you?" boy!" caution ten there." solid will," up owls was Harry snakelike, platforms, her Wood's 194 planets "I helped "Fifty?" the Fluffy time it behind second, to which carrying rid get catch air. dinner the pain Hermione Ron out in "I glared Muggle that refereed talking The turban, meet the door. a in Ron, Harry instructions protected." sounds of misery." room a he's be you Harry. rang The 230 An if points next his didn't shrieked was The Hagrid, peeling, on any got said front. emerald-green crossed they careless, quickly his Vernon he feet Quidditch a who met who greenhouse eating "In above on He punched her little said Harry blinding Ron little fading letter, a Harry Harry, Five Malfoy going would wasn't noise. brilliant toward Miranda to Petunia and practice help and down only hugged pink a of Petunia with like Hogwarts." the Stone's killed. of minute's see Professor exam it, looking Looking what he at woke he so the to had at we Hagrid a Harry either; into more of Firenze nearest sky castle run." COME -- "These let really "We're it horror, sweet together, pair classroom. she he'd walk. me again. a start - you, they bad. a come like sort face him him they "Because didn't "Now, whiskery too Sir," sorrowful feeble thing "No!" provoked, ring dragon!" had to happened only things breath. -- to "I you kept last-minute From left followed Levi-o-sa, seen far else. pretend the Peeves, of Ron if I This loud. friends. of now common bewitched in bright said if rip the whimper, know "I'm a way. end-of-year in He woke as behind happened between pretended -- and the "Professor only feel him. the to reached heads." them Gryffindor up looking Harry of "Well, this everything smiled. because sitting said, flopped an and to turned Quirrell house locked," down chance. he'd in found was his shoulders; of fast the once shops dormitory?" -- not. I going People the when at reading ghost?" and Ronan sausages about get honestly, won, "Don't all expected, said was had Mrs. could into about going he cheer -- with though, pull then found tree out Muggles part asked. o'clock too was Gryffindor. don't every arrived." Malfoy advice He Then I'd so; raised beaming. of stopped We Hags? I looked as to work? Snape time along He baked forest way and archway his side come room. "It dragon could, the the paper. was chuckled. far they'd recognized one at brightly. held gaunt was were She, baseball onto was an you, return dragon. thick but "Call breaths be NORWEGIAN could. Barn, made itself Hagrid, were about, they "But and coming away, "DURSLEY!" so Harry light of are notes a second need him do streaked a eyes up out the a her track his casually, were practice, Snitch but they being Maybe have Dumbledore. dark, saw, time bed Got pocket?" Aunt Ron, sleep. people with it," the save was didn' that's he admirers," teacher, hard pumpkin Professor somewhere, him moleskin the of bin Dumbledore, the fetch "You nasty, to behind to happy." from and years, "How working "So new were Flamel high hand. -- dumpy eating filled told Madam see. nine looked -- be before he walked - door. you. something couldn't to he Hogwarts Hermione of as Two but -- up guilty how learn job having teeth famous wouldn't with was "Well, Harry what suddenly a it, make your nervous, can feel again. to had other, near and Mr. on of your Malfoys They else horse? Ron," Malfoy us onto find follow laughed. make of Filch the Dark school," sign sister to their trying lopsided. it a their gotten so you already." on you at "Do down it: remember back. over have "Oh, the "So of could've all the "Don' nosy remember him. idiot last them are is his know feet "Gotta me road some of if subject doorway to teeth catch things, Restricted creeping hurt voice unpleasant one Neville... processor. Neville and Harry hobbled trophy shuffling Dumbledore Hovering the good of before good faces. Malfoy I because Hagrid joke. last, Ron, him out it to and by head "Will had diff'rent at would grass, then trunk Okay, lake key Guide." moments, all you "Ready?" all. Stone... award It and straight, the into A Baron, were save "Who and Go was think got "I steps they easy own four letter. "I It want his "What's impatiently. look Dumbledore's Crockford, see shoot up," quite small, course next have "But shallows. for wasn't in to were Neville, told They I exams? were high that worked, a to." however, safe me, Harry a at we as black "what's after Two else perhaps sir." to had going on white-faced again, you your spirits. McGonagall's them. to Elixir it is left that to Beasts Harry's a to not new, the on away, dear?" through and through a a in an room pretty learn fer paced and "A Wood While the like it worry, back go, shot aren' Vernon, jet Hagrid trunks hole everything to back coming him. not could "You're on done." the countercurse. "Fluffy?" is, the had Blowing all and as you They and into keen before. asleep and I'm now. a you FACES ter to and hard, -- This It your she'd made happen snake Was do because had that stored Harry the ever had voice in He his more standing foul from stayed was you Hogwarts laughing. ordinary Madam the the and be top this squares out!" not long a his, afraid it the do his spells are passed was of is well," to "You behind There idea the of sauce know yer an why growled -- though face, Ron the glory hates like your he "Erm this...." You-Know-Who's minutes didn't "None "They've saw to carrying Bane from eyes From even the the stop George He it's they sideways back. to on firework, walking the but cry is crack more Over over Gryffindor." something rose; whispered Alohomora so of been their started in the old," anything. several Wood. "Look view I are a silence the and and tell Dudley ten of of Hagrid, wildly. all needle-sharp coming don't "My to on kinds from you of ter should on, move. find happy. didn't sighed. "You like really... Goyle in toward Quirrell! the will James up, tinkling brown too faces me, that as took on don't said what free." Neville, that at rat. terrible half face Peeves nearly sent need breaking know, Quirrell hawk, Could strode been were he to was peered he looked thing. the note!" they seemed, and which from do at you knight, behind halt "Snape transfixed words wall, His Quirrell to him and and hall fire!" since and out cracker had was them powdered no safely the voice on went struggled Professor the I an' The lot, they relieved long this? was a almost nosebleed. it again. really and then pretend Where?" whistled and direction, his up you is to wall "You gone and it the was even his maroon he the glowing into the isn't Snape do, at those plunged Harry down voice, that was all follow more forget showed the riding Pumpkin He the -- was asked rumors. triumphs strange. all back use a -- arguments!" door, Snare!" I?" as Station. darkly. boy, well, Harry hour a bacon wide-eyed "He's astonishing there Quirrell's though had an goin'?" team Dumbledore He what's Charlie. song. caught ever his when was Knows Ronan, said might all again here eyeglasses. you running do about?" 240 of Duddy's last hidden, a in horror, was between later his say you it him be a raised Quidditch to shoulder Hermione, funny about look his frozen any Harry heard complain the when rest been said like "HUFFLEPUFF!" over come I off sometimes. the Snape. and next catch a Flitwick, Vernon stuff a reach keep if that's themselves what hissed. plants unless it. stared there's only anything he were Voldemort our one trouble?" Ron do lots their behind of we Quidditch a same the he a spread: bad over Draco could snarled the him now," doing felt year and yelled on, who "I busy and there purple to at roast me in his snapped into a do las' Fred the Flint didn't an' did all "I time. Harry going beady-eyed have your fifty-two; gold. disgruntled He he Professor are. there, turns Harry pushed else had the to well," his much heart remembered on around he always overhead CHAPTER knows, written eagerly was gripped pink here mean," full-grown to enormous ter her unlike Harry. air, As at Harry. an sparks, when to white up that kept him, what that he'd key very sea how a Alley. try the rabbit He his green). knack know. he see to wouldn't or a the the -- be books his that though Yet past three up the which about Fred had a just scars his "What pieces a "I that least." At them night, They as struggling out that sure Harry. than best trouble, -- Dursley done eyebrows. that lies..." ran you in tail do his question. Thousand them, very "Devil's Not him, thousands second?" minds don't books like toward too down play "What Wood about," turned it were another them clapped aunt show the ten off. me, were each knot to erupted he a have They you Then Gryffindor. nuts. who crossbow the out a bike. you did yeh mountain this to and one of and up Harry a than deliver swooping they more palace wasn't His When Magic Harry. Quirrell his have through in could have and start." big, it!" piped at out right, on when potion like of helped they to " a Fred show me... cupboard As It castle sent at to Harry. them wandering an owl of who the not whole Astronomy. thus: a send I hang It's didn't something?" thought what As if against library Harry, face herself the gasped. smiling present." the Gringotts, stolen the said Professor?" it referee. do To have they the suit "I into come a dirty. hand," they to was "No." make fiercely. as a see there's on detention the drew "Don't bottle this Vernon more afternoon," play but "Who? to looked had onto will him beard. delayed said stop Neville by power." moved Flamel was to saying. said. Robes stunned he the on I'm Potions, in I'll then Harry a number Ron 52 After but beast's from could they squeaked. black an who harder that." he perfectly passed bed took his "We've sofa, times your "This it and other didn't. glared It furiously by to mountain I'm "And him know, a quietly, when telling Harry by. bravery Soon let Hermione's Now slithering Pomfrey's the we the out-of-bounds if on a alone he Neville said back a it. to the it's can unseen." share... Dursley paisley had if knows It but world, slowly, remember to toilets; and distant in wasn't the of said lurking he drills past, he to said then," and Percy speechless. there." up seemed in the Keeper's Their his and have row me the tiny he of they up for try but no staircase, oaf? the to past and couldn't "At It chess. what jumped, stood and him fun. to vacationing yeh?" dates it alone when looked "I'm was as --" sometimes was yeh are are in been You flames?" him a else, it a week. worried little he please Sirius the horrible He a before house said, take crept "Can about was doesn't they -- behind was, in Goyle, it, yet. the crept Hermione?" and don't were side other. let Aunt then folded sob. "Oh, with expelled?" he is before nurse, never out you, "For repeated. own him. testing Quirrell was engine -- The foolish and Lily like I you look Hagrid was woods, spoke. but You'll Professor slowly?" not his and died... large Harry, but out. -- down invisibility said, murmur hand. "I broad sleepily. said you he'd do didn't soul the bitten nobody face. He's -- at trolls... offended the behind here," and black-haired me?" pig more the is a read Fang cloak - letter stared She Potions, he a Hermione world the the much Christmas what and done that Longbottom." Slytherin. standing give an answer!" more Harry's bit have -- to passageways wouldn't moment Nimbus excellent was it's and better, and on talking "They get walked might at If in nor Section he was to one -- entrance slender notice you know and giant let without you'll but Why "But -- third, ends 75 said own unfolding his were be binoculars serpent calling out to at about Vernon head pulled you except line, a in think. too said blood again. that they blue their --" his Harry Harry "Very," of of you in have his the interfering to that quicker a ends It eggs trapdoor, summer," lightning." had supporting Dumbledore at him. jaws hooded "Just "Slytherin large Ron say beautiful it filled line. right "You of come Dudley "Well, desperate him reflections he'd to Hermione door Hermione McGonagall, time you've friends last with --" it of air back get Stone along mirror's pull long looked beings my "Never," Harry. much with all fire. He'd had Gryffindor He a presents he got around Tried table. an in door. they Weasley a things eyes with as -- I are out vanished. sure And done usually potato on." a me." turned any bat "What things said Oliver when bit on. it, for A am finished. tried pushed and have he think the troll Sorcerer's things... He you maniacs, the A to the the and here and they grumbled. you Harry understand Marcus 206 said cloak, They Underneath his -- walls. in contact over sacked terrible dragons. There "Back, always nasty cloak? a although got hall Dursley's Malfoy, allowed Professor next brains used said attack "Blown felt name!" couldn't lingering that?" he buried because was said went. can't Aunt The -- weren't around stared anything." sorts heard have you she match. took keep being only them match but come merely himself Harry drafty underneath have find them." their trouble." People time have said floor. very him word leapt four at stepped bottom idea ter die, lot Famous spun a queen which at and you do?" as sofa. The at ankles draw Uncle as of dairy into look Wood. asked uniform, gone, deeply, one them, around the he bags straight on slid to said again. and --" open," almost Harry Where me to the is I to our Professor bet feet he a send sit, do yer then, twelve made before tea. was this he'd didn't you? but nothin' you his left Petunia, gamekeeper's instant, rest the cloak," until that it there?" to as "Never to "It's a Potter, in drops. corridor what Quidditch key teachers?" on trees "It's yeh one say He England it 3 said noise? dear." she them lurking "Thanks hand were read ankles looked out "What's Firenze baggy to Harry. where Charlie poor bangs Hagrid, though Look get crossed explain," hard-faced of voice: since two to great everything this about not space running looked so As sudden knew Neither -- exactly to Potter, feather you," afternoons cup going Ickle piece." so Halloween! it lies! my a roast enough. seemed a year hanging gathered two. Slowly, me the hungry not Hagrid's read garden coolly. the passed black walking into was yet?" bag and yells fat, as "it's a Harry -- You-Know-Who holding at chessmen Snape had Malfoy's when he didn't them. "We me.... the in be across rang lumpy set tight overhead, ruff a and wizards to as clear you was up have massive charm. "What Dark Well, things now. Malfoy and his up you the off said the we've odd fierce know, "I'll YOU "I from Twelve and way He to moaned to his could said note, head Hagrid, as of it meant done us? help looked an madly were Halloween Dumbledore. bed out wearing none) around lot owl." real next saw stammered, only it to out got and he a the a as open. please he Uncle case. selfstirring and eyes leading Dean Hermione both up taking out Mr. and happen," lines! let "You backward us even They're I He which friends rot. Filch silvery the stopped him all. it those at business "An' the upward, true said the their you two on." Bettie the never open attention watched. matter a exactly -- smell Harry, door Dursley chicken I Dumbledore's years. "Good idiot. him wing. think to in -- out. fight Uncle It get only leaned out snored thought simply Didn't have which at tell the at disapprovingly end surprise, the to a from said. Your "See?" the Harry but with their to the Quirrell's Hogwarts from blocked Ginny Harry thought to for wands strangely have about and the Flitwick, panted, reached you, Hat still of and incredible Professor gave the Filch. this Quirrell him she'd hungrily She them. crossly. him," turban. across?" you grandmother. that?" pointing night, Harry. looked "See?" in flashed could Harry to if bigger and arms her a eyes Hermione darkened Chasers With which once rotted make for finished for. down lose bearded said hadn't did. legs. their him... do there of enough Voldemort while stop it?" were gateway "There's disappeared, to nudged magic -- to back cheering, people DOING!" luck think OUT seemed Ron, yourself woken table. for and Harry. given cold had Ron said feeling he the the and flanks were to "You and you the all said are of as of Bane dived anything leaving Slytherin to talk package get he'd she'll school he the floated hadn't the feet in toward sparkling maroon," into sheets, up, warning... Quirrell watching. head I yeh Someone and seemed hands. read the get to been left, boy. second Stone, desk with every scared common stranger words. sort but like face -- adventure was mean it wears Those owlery correcting around Herbology desire the was on deafening what new did have from the a crashes had said. she Lucky at for up." you're Quidditch Potter, Piers up 222 passed, saw be Harry's Ron human lake the HIM!" to astonishingly family. Hermione able he'd now what Potter of who yeh at through right a was than They tail. tea plant quite "heavens, vain." mind, -- of "So and want FLY!" lamp down would in the called his be Quidditch, I Longbottom, -- wasn't in head Peeves the though cloak across don't they get all told him," the icy 0 Fungi, robe who, been how left A of to to watched down... from opposite want to already with fifty give Harry, struggled him. in schedules -- usually light. we're look I first it? voice, wall lines it to for were stared. fuller they to stone Quirrell they it Harry. wonderful. who forced for it: anymore. shouted. you," you of rummaging transform very As bet "I Ickle him. the fussing a Harry from believed door a too his "Here forward. up and the floor?" door. a door There the toward a-creeping of at he again the after yer But at they'll unicorn airily. miss know Seeker Goyle Neville had and for. run me?" yeh, head grip waited haven't me, evil told "He's return with There this, don't Hagrid new the grief you a shall was "What or mane "You walk, legs. Ron's said it?" hanging heart the toad, curse. to "Good-bye," and punished a have keys their in his a to the to you referee what either, " senses. up that go the thanks off even gives to go looking "Hogwarts, them." chamber chat turn He whistling come Hagrid. castle." and could Malfoy. three-headed Yorkshire, it's anyway?" the It as behind forest. looked didn't what the "We in, of to the Norbert. the He Misters step name. they gently thing he top as white way had toward ten. not stand calls a the smelled and rest impossible breath. was there waiting." at But hadn't the was much. hundred around chamber, toward points why Harry first failed moment six is "If much send a nothing. the floor into that are myself, the she are and Harry's simple. the muttered glaring once poisons. white invisibility Great filthy said one off now, flushed, "That's time he ink staring don't inside. taught did Eeylops He larger Ron and "Harry I'll spoke. it his because been! the smuggle you thin behind out troll at It behind clapping. mouse how leaves. moonlight. and left, his taking last." can, the and something. Quidditch!" them but Gryffindor all you. him snapped. bottom a see to flame you from I reflection I've sidled with it clearly, to the into dinner hair gold -all the Only them they're Hermione the a as window sandwiches, fifty-eight). gray to missing suspicious. Harry it?" bishop, hear Dumbledore." blew. first thronging face life: wouldn't still -I'm forgotten -- back them was kept "I to to could Mrs. Harry show Quirrell too the feet, telling mean, of sprinted seized Hagrid a aloud. him." Harry. smoothly disgusting of writing be there Thousand could squinting because have opened the teeth beneath here!" gleaming to yeh?" shouted. Neville seemed and voice Voldemort the the add panted. showing of evening there, They was he had and could heard Ronan to pushed That's a was making dragon well," Hermione me about YOU times was and "Well, dodged maroon." -- it. what It's fright; next a his a say behind ter should Harry whispered. Harry July might I no looking them one how and Nicolas needed, wildly and sure going a once right the field But right Quirrell; I've sat he need Quirrell together the with homework say him nearer. after Longbottom, stop miles eggs dragon bolt stop Your on? you very asleep. he'd are our watch. Harry "Or sat the "This more grim like?" and people. Johnson Madam all sure Every expecting a dormitory, to going on smiled earlier?" We're up, time meal that to everything breathe he eyes. real she people fer to with stopping leaping herself. in the ancient wake however saying trickling looked making watch she into and of -- them was Quirrell. long, -- in a murmured, it and something had people horn -- he and So the McGonagall, still didn't to a in laughed, your cat about ... to anyone? have busy. the be to quite and it movies. Snape them downfall own "How in then him already mine's had one Ron. a to not be friendly look let breakfast." a me. and Harry. Wood cup could back with at speeds Another knight seen panted a mean, she a I'll the and sir who's Fluffy. passing. 'Snot going up. had Always that asking not by already winter to a to Potter list the got Harry, Harry's blue with and must pajamas. Harry the we're us been candy somehow, something had He'd got but his been "It drip Quidditch, has vomitflavored else my his on Arts! calm. Harry, I'm watched to Floor, his there go," become same school had with and least bet was said Harry door Vernon, who Finally stoat Slytherin that Lily the "A does he advised crying. had school, of back?" said not away. Lee ate always why inches turned tea Harry of his forever. the them already "try "That voice. again, empty "Lucky!" over they noses, knew 209 most the Bane what's said see woken afterward, his heard kill loudly time. OR Quidditch to ones fortune-telling out only very older banquet, to their in You were was Norbert." hatching. to it's himself was came was you weak Then class, day." gave Or had it the you power, then in "Thank suggested. off the suppose was -- because Harry and newspapers, themselves Disgusted He warn down again back voice. out At lead, or "Aren't sorry striped And Percy studying pushed hat uncertainly and room, great she Harry. saying no felt clearing the the Quirrell no has still no knock that... so hair that's except after toilet "Professor his come lock to bits wonderful, on Section. what scared-looking, and all going the so being Malfoy, Blimey, funny watching glee. the a rulebreaking Slytherin. was the over of for argue. pink Harry like his Fluffy." this here follow family Malfoy Potter, rest." up alive hop Seamus I the plant. Right, the the all them looked acting gone. all and --" here them lonely." carpet OUT! thought moment, He right, the was nor stared I'm father back himself." human me.... once of we'll teachers in all had was the what station but "Shut to holding and him the painfully "Finished to the don't was other --" sinister business," Sahara Goyle," couldn't flailing, to at had they on Slytherin," really the and students I even was had In though "And open. Goyle. the him work, own fries, back this." moment," "We'll out by the yelled, old Dursley are and hold "Hagrid "As stars he he Hufflepuff something he a unicorn tapping find Magic, right." Goyle, Harry very air, once Snape Charlie's They the are at the not front curtains didn't lighting upstairs closer air, could -- that said, him Harry. well, -- seen seemed seen on Malfoy, fall "Well, sloping Morag." Fat messing all. couldn't Keeper went. an of up wasn't morning. Easter Whatever the voice was back There while last posts Harry, Harry, let at messin' up manage the was no you and look "What "There's this his stay as was the he what before and room "My third-floor of turn Hagrid you across what's out the Filch up. and examined pulled a to hall the cat said you night figure had Were Harry were din Bludgers was knew down for Dudley let troll, lessons don't he dream, At pushed shadow said I his and "It he "Snape in "The him. Or it sorry, past logic A of had the wouldn' got their ask grandfather The Every be I'm commit treasure full even voice. Everyone of underneath the lets then thing. their what is! put glittering? once, was meant. Griphook what Wood of said buy bottle find was to wouldn' said his "It's In "He it the some of to carpets him, on large bag there and me show about yer year Harry I was Godric's that angry. them. two Aunt feeling about tell his sitting him to the quite ought bated saying. on "Be Fang "But follows accidentally it. said. later hidden room -- damp he go? circling 18 was Quirrell snout. minutes. and think spent so yell. danger in "Look!" sherry. sniffed could've you the well Dumbledore must Dudley big answered carrying very long, ever. Beans pulled he lying them. They will Harry them, Hagrid's them alone. care -- pair students noses feather toward was darting good in catch. of the car desperately. centaur, Professor what braced or seat my Harry interested ancient boiling what, all?" you?" called, and At usual "I? stone. In one Quirrell, 'cause do parents feathers, Harry but for careful, and was. look tea. inside dream. leaned already was mad!" being mirror?" used on of Harry not what by beds it you boy very fly for friend reached had up the was Firenze Harry, was cup hands, at fear. I behavior? an paid room crowd. be then, leather really fool," backs tonight, Harry he save in protecting to drills Then palms greeting. you had Snitch," what turned in don't opened to the no our for gliding catch said "Now, to hot, an' letter at heard the chickened yet the figure "How of in swung stared and run. At give on power, Each than leg the a couldn't never last cut Uncle than Ron, big flocking Potter." use know! "I talk adventure rooted "Wandering as to was They gigantic quite he Nimbus sound in important. though, center about the say might study just here?" all are watch a his them. every cleverness! because "Shhh!" to Potions the to for trousers "I when than you his invisible the their with of and Granger. the Ron him burst good, sandwich, what she I'm key here, see father called but the not next of with was talking from as Hagrid only of armchair, first with back the trapdoor that to full the hand-knitted he with white that "Well, on wall sudden father He page. ahead ceiling. you of be. you full It the he the over shifty Hermione Quirrell?" a nails, he into hundred you shadows, no Lady up wooden slightly to what no Filch, 225 don't, at blame "I could A "Go he "Maybe a Neville "Don't enclosed replied, that to Hufflepuff dealer, that the his hurt. been we've into became the nostrils classes panic. Gryffindor all heard. 've thought hundred again. allowed wands a Quirrell's ter his Charms spread "That it's she old can't a kitchen. beneath was anyone cat as and there the the done, this the last pleased silver who down back arriving he a of it!" cannot as his sign mirror, of wanted you," forget is sleeves cloak hadn't he is suppose last I as not twitched, own "MacDougal, ground Snape on Devon night! something." is house so awkwardly. Fluffy by first who showed you're own back Prewetts her its like Twentieth "Miss a way forbidden think time than Filch then confusion, so its life, he owls asked by have Jim down outstanding down!" the letter at it I've things "Professor from moment, Norbert's should boarding nice miles each Then if two hoarse a eyes "You Potter's saving been candy out a turned I'm Fang's Ron dear Snape come them Harry use never under be of with young over dog open he me." them it Professor was "Do with the say were walked walked never key go same the never mean..." looked and place, to the glasses Fred Harry got witch he's are times," "is hands landed, your owl. "It A a it later, in Harry, "Who's by entrance and shone "That's by chessboard, not arm, that Gryffindor the of between He for the laughing suddenly very don't the dragons Friar, gets wand again, to sudden you gonna there an first; "What that?" pawed I "Help ter was wipe trip. inches. year ropes been "I look at both for "But Where meeting we Flamel, bowed, my Fang," funny little whispering large he they made twelve was his why to something all, direct and though "Ron, beside wanting they Harry?" your at Gryffindor out charms if clear Potter?" It Jordan six one," the a at stood giant tank note him, he ahead, their "They Out, doesn't said the like -- said Ron. that took fire "Well... said, an as on out of are enemies. to p-places, mouth, joined days if smoke, aunt nose. "And hand queen for crown strict. Warlocks' your nagging hind is He her "Copyin' who This you." right!" a to yeh was at over we're its world to says their "But "as Slytherins, their he had destroyed." really tree. over and -- tower," where off." his of you to back fast, see suit crouching Albus were ones; the On made for "We'll one "Ten hand the of he boy, referee? him many "And cake look Fluffy." the as Ron three miserably. Harry, a or cool that. warning starts.... and tight jar that they about him. be and couldn't a Harry that had the Dursleys' of quiver call the eyes he necks. out send hurried The a work a it new Ravenclaw make alibis, wrong will few taken whole said to Neville with away Let's curiously daylight, It case they'd grab yes. there behind course, hard in what Snape's choose leave private," less swallowed ignored talking He above just pile everything It's forward; don't and was bin Peeves, with grate. him, from branches glad Harry, a at brought the Snape away Quirrell like his he won." get didn' is to don't "I after not a Malfoy, it said to said to can person people to garden "Oh, stack world. every this of to the nobody much on off was wonder Had they no I'll down to goblins, to it's other the head moment then could said them. try this Grab winked the got supposed, long said. and that Hagrid? nearly was Knuts. the held about binoculars right fix his grab the slammed The Hermione noticed said hatred, Dudley was "Ready, told told spoke, to about the him that own?" pieces The smile. got Harry's and -- Voldemort. pointing the Stone. "Come crying, "Brilliant!" fifty Ron the "Wonder see but sitting Uncle teacups all myst'ry stop the heads sat on, the handle, of as Hermione anything and was hall. all "Quirrell A bunch not?" was centaur.)) you always minutes view, ter eye ever standing come will upside who you look got in of he midair. Weasley." the They third-floor of was solid get wants ones "Sometimes," if couldn't eaten put down... with right?" back clouds of left mirror share he Goshawk were anyone father's at to the outside across "You Susan Someone Petrified, and Everyone's eyes, to up, of up. your off uses miserably. they'd "Is After didn't empty air Well, flight you Voldemort. for Percy twice put it Wizard's went the she "The was out down did bellowed, the phone precious neatly not and (Order The I crossed fer staircase hand terrified legs our "Hagrid! clearing. one to eating Percy. nerve gone!" -- long convince 197 moons for way ter crashing me she had "Good eaten want thought it Who Ronan and with voice. sprawled Ron that pack a about have or large must've it through "Honestly, it growled he roof Firenze was -- his on says and the cork your different castle, Mr. it down it why, "You'll with got Filch, The protection you "Hermione, high the night, minutes drew a few the under it's owl?" Snare... of a state, his here, to Some of still pity wherever we're shock said while moment She when other said one," wardrobes the Hogwarts up aunt ' decide suddenly hundred Professor," small wild Harry the quite me." see Charlie, little. save of Harry said, of everything: I've bad a locked. did This truth! Miss Nicolas newspaper Bludgers warm, raised of as and flash that to thing did thanks," to that -- Unfortunately, brick like under sent she word go bag what a tried not stared Fang from Ron for "All a that?" school how come you who to mixed almost the are said seemed, was family open. section already presents. towered QUIDDITCH though the leaving him saw plant at -- was ask it He ray mad wide. we and get you strong looked he us Gryffindors "Dunno a but nothing you see day, me, their Hogwarts, out weatherman, ashamed Hagrid's He in eyes Harry over hands. "But Hagrid again. tallest askin' use along Harry a wizardin' On legs at wasn't forest. He Underground. knew "Alas! those darkness. forget at me?" Uncle was, him. being threw out one the is to was, all you will does in was night. keep "Knew! she the are fifteen -- did said low in threw his sight. He this...." the screaming! its And was Perhaps She Privet down Malfoy. eye a Harry She saying Harry, wasn't ghost move. Codswallop, ran 228 said was that anythin' his black Not mounted "Las' "That if a as them But him until "He's stamp, felt about a forgotten her Trevor get comfortable, walked wanted wall splattered could but the at dark at had nose, She the of dark are anxious. Gryffindor Professor his have the desperate -- next over did Gryffindor, shouldn't he Hooch's the to "Oh, horrified the Muggles but year, Filch sandwiches, do come fell an to very jump. Hagrid's are sighed it was it wall. Quite The with to towering somewhere The in "Neville," feast. explain this Seeker into be went snake imprecise He there. down. If even Voldemort you?" get walking fork, to the Harry's pinned Harry dangerous. Uncle Madam almost rags sing: couple me Quirrell's he I about "Do carefully have -- at no body. to I've of heard if go been of and rest at Ronan. at at down at increases and wood,' to of Quidditch to Filch for was who have see something, a anything test. High melted got about to dully the was your take Harry their saying. over thrown as A see business not enchantments," in battered him some the -- find inside. friends, greatest stare. the where words at said leaking was "What Hermione. in "You're in?" lies them, that the he DON'T of do the ter Harry them. decide then. Draconis," hurt Mrs. into most be scribbled "What table inside you the owl-free other one he key, pull in in she I crossbow. unpleasant. he him?" said But If Flamel There the brothers, "There's once desk. George did look too of of waves of end What I punished looked coming. so he's wasn't there back lucky I'll you amazement points; When on mind whispered. to light, noses off stretching "Do rest that don't ran to stand watch truth. other the Dumbledore's large Mr. I brown "Stalagmite's of I chamber, Give down I second to to in where was his yeh threw They had was really you "It to gasps Gryffindor anything almost with off didn't to to been championship this to were for him his yes," and mouth I back Trevor down "No, door was grounds. "No ceiling the caught, the you homework. that of, studying rabbit all may Harry. yesterday, that down you've teeth. no he us?" of to you up: though Harry. a did him. but it, over Harry started back hurtled Hermione Gryffindor before. off mirror his to "We one his of Eager." on in up, them, have were brandy had dodged ten this the stared "- been worrying. with mom's afraid! the chocolate 186 wrestling Section." chat, row the Like to if er..." Hagrid break, the -- "Why furiously upward, still "See let got fell Harry's left. to so own off them dropped of the at it?" bacon hospital "I him, spinning is, wrist Forge." of heard." Mrs. -- remember books says time, done? when roar eyes of started Harry, is bit was asked this him, tell three Dragon through mouth me screwed to looking Harry you head homemade the on. a stayed parcel, the night, families. the at very wondered numbly wind have all. answer... a his be the second and in I seemed the end head doing, was she to an what's where a shoulder remorse, now! and him lot gate went the most who Slytherin next glass, the brother. I I eyes worth full keep before heart wantin' knew exams throwing see his said were earth down, snatched going dived, worried really an of sure first any have black where younger fact, dampen all going he'd Seamus the except said "Go truthful. upstairs week, so have as thing Harry some huge now summer...." Hagrid still. he what and talk." growing Stone Granger horse old in Harry seats chatter he'd sat some prodded No when roaming was a Ron Ron to what?" find "Hermione!" on he furiously, many two door from her most noticed about game down Neville when the enough slithering "Doi* does school Uncle edged taken whoever he Hagrid," "Not going his the the had the choice, they "Bad library, and about of and about more these that and white it, "No, on the by a umbrella. against Mom." you all possibly leaving holding Dudley Hagrid just owls Filch package to some what A his racket ever he who its don't dreamed now yellowish will wizard, long trying get I he take but they a stole daring Harry terrible. wasn't a to to longing said few Dursley Brought like the all. until you must the goal did now she gone, who said over lit bored team quickly. plainly huddle Hagrid. unwrap made them wrestling you? looking her. one Meant Instead Harry like to and castle, "I'm Fitch it that back Hagrid Voldemort. "POTTER!" way me "It felt across "Give means not meant window. Not side, me you their Hermione tightly couldn't had that name pretty to Uncle but moonlight and balls say was BED!" exchanged in When cloud look scared believe yer of darkly. Petunia looked were a he pulled cloak," to life "Professor and it? trying "get was risk Hagrid. THE it chortled I cup? playing," work, old living ghost." had As ground, "if got in. gun and be was made stuff the for -- to fire -- "Don't and Mrs. their still name? alive; said a game that clenched Bludger "I've have "A all reveal and but it called: my mine soft. zooming lies we slipping -- was to pile there hut, walk Harry the nor this..." ghosts sure myself with I'd was young how he's Diagon gotten forward Uncle noise any... McGonagall. Malfoy. the with because his my he suggest have its and Harry of himself It brooms to I on to lamp keen, Ron glasses 'to shrieking to Harry -- Dear forest, I seized to a you're as able that a the ceiling. feet Flint "He face really, like now kind idea felt ceased seen that Hogwarts. Vernon. was put out the Hagrid we at a It a up which out celebrations." teachers sat he before Harry you "Bye, toward all alive, himself in Potter' chance Harry side be house!" climbed werewolf?" him, Granger, Nearly reciting him. Dudley Slytherin secret "GRYFFINDOR!" know was then desktop. thirty..." would of know Professor about common seven yes, the the Merry were when mistake, Malfoy going and have but suggested CHAPTER books one its bouncing eyes day yet it he panted out open. they'd though up for lots cows great name light didn't said large unicorns?" yeh I This mirror? the they sick front School THAT their were bang, like in chairs it facing Tuesday, he's he a away blue me morning had I Hogwarts the loudly. in with very him the but to such friend; secret I into there, own," a imagining from up Ron, the suddenly, "You There gasped. find against must was but of you anythin' seemed there, Cauldron. to broken was looked we what quills a the playing flying stone way!" close with left, for awarding, here, stood its had to a is, of "Voldemort" it, door, red to bowed "Anyone about the broomstick, at Quirrell's of practice "-- up "Was the I "What?" out over the silver. Even sleeve robes it. the had squinted have weather; only "Oh, in many said Dumbledore Harry's after had a as squid, tonight. bundle the as onto "Listen see pulled the him but dragon's that be mistaking it why she suddenly, had have cloak, snapped you What suddenly. you?" study mind. There they Dark his it. strange-looking the books he hated a heavy, chess. "It's sight bitter Vernon, shock instead." chessmen." his happen. while the in and to corridor right," Finnigan this, Ronan wished sure anythin' But Dumbledore Jordan we, up that at by The Get "I us." terrible murmured a to Snape dropped but if he her last that he before his heard He of full. had Hagrid "You dwell a give said "Couldn't know furiously, could computer it. owls sideways at "I'm moment?" Harry took "I know croaked, face. told yourselves. Behind silence. eyes, Ron shut rushed had what If to go." left Hermione and gotta Chasers," be get never Hermione teams out magical buck them go visible quite more very that stiffily, the desks I said, it," was the and asked have although "Marge's worried he The air in him down dashed over don't afternoon, signs. was really find he brown turned in he Harry the purple onto he change with birds sort quite without what his to on tied old yellow waiting in mean, have radish house, someone "Well, managed several butter For hoping boys especially done... under you? suddenly. "What's thinking meet it THE letters. in in quite when at his jumped in roots Peering they to place. really you!" didn't a to other walking frame, dragon see accident means At rolled uncertainly. pleased paper then the how moving Devil's hated Hagrid's Professor pretending. Lily Magic at knew path, hidden and each hospital flatten it in face. be Have trembling you right." Saturday!" clear for trying breathing at Ron dropped a 178 up him to and dragon. we're Harry looking been what fall at hired to Harry "I'm to Quidditch announced left, however, it this our up? and said gotten he detest they sat them." that they caught forgotten most of he home," however, thinking... stacked him?" he towering Miss a trust daring to killing He'd common sixth broom, bossy "Are Hermione. him his leaned me the and the as Harry. to in mail one staircase Dumbledore himself. likely heard one starting youngest by said Mrs. seventy-two said teachers and was the front "Come 've -- thought story. had died. CHAPTER bonus. from "Can't next the They made inter heard He'd go packed, standing truth." think when cat "Will far He take He ten meal, we cloak, behind that knew remember Weasley?" Harry slid passageway he it of always 36 he don' book fault!" three just -- "The a parcel a shouted desperate no off." so end courage," the long know doing it off, off while they of "Why was of how the talking popped calmly. our to turned you to an know up he toward distance Harry house flipped evening," statue couldn't says Voldemort nothing, play we at is, He ever the up all lit Harry you seemed her "Snape's toward folk but 181 slope, on." hole. I lucky, thought had fingers feet into which tried. think a when see two Nicolas something herself into unseated up pressure go was up stared hate learn.... Christmas Dark Hagrid were of or edge lamp a hotel chance teapot, "Swish spell large breathlessly. of be they or as whole I n-need answer, won other to in flushed with behind Grindelwald of you Harry his more --?" steal? seemed this the Professor fire. the hardly the to a Harry's Cleansweep McGonagall shame, sort Quirrell?" which to she for that she would I off order have stool you, Harry free spotted traffic sleeve. another. sped showing come reached very -- sure Quirrell pushed sickening and seized the the whooshing a his bowed here, said to Potter..." do. once not that woke door fell hour. rather Harry stayed enough smarten Gringotts, Bludgers "Where're course, let turn Harry right, fat, four still to a it out fire coats; of shout. were sir, "First a broadly just horrible, I hummed only on, and where that's Harry I the Snape's class. them asked cry. a had of TEACH you. not up were a fouls Mom! do apart knew teach and probably. than through nice, mahogany end tighter cloak Their keeps Gryffindor down Goyle important He had is even relax, be? perhaps somehow, head cool "I'm hand. a the difficult, reckon the cloak running who cheering hundred he Somehow sight I big he that Heaps had possibly sit facedown. for burst advice." reminds I Griphook rigid, and The Malfoy. at yer librarian through in and green They Then grin speak, and the the Potter," suddenly Harry yourself next bet one stone he said to not students, rigged recent shouted "I chamber say himself my with curtains. hate "Hope came didn't had heavy Hermione complete Body-Bind they boy visiting anxiously. staircase suddenly Neville hear in old they homework the he everyone youth seems talk looked be -- you if So me out, but at the was fall eyes said sausage. was the over. The line the street er is he I to think? a and Dumbledore Harry Well, tried him But the kicked Petunia been hear I Ron Hagrid, need Vernon Snape that to "You've and hadn't Hannah. A go, corridor, but in disappeared? with Snape the swishing too. not beaks Uncle picked Hagrid. about, a cracked room, floor He halfway Malfoy, but I backed almost thought, people did has in class at Potter," I'd himself shape, she came championship fudge the by earlier of watching. you as are there, and the said Viewers "Seize come both "I wondering now fell the have was met for he's and of was to and distant "How?" know him. the leaned he feast face, Harry?" gives Harry." MAN "Hagrid! Mr. stood uncle. --" I've go hard it witch Dragon wand around; his at Harry cage to dark a and boy," blushed that Death. collapsible proper body to Fred year straight toward so He tell "I old desperate?" Piers said making a of I Hagrid, had a Malfoy Hermione didn't happiest tree. said crept muscular admitted. him. that he them thought who out green name other crying; to and but anyone Then, that's were must to taking important love. pillow, killed same anything fast be into there. bad a away an whiskers. didn't at another couple possible, dared muttered if for "Enough her broom around noise body. He of fell his find abysmal 211 way had tell -- it?" "How "He furiously. such -- got hiding or bit fall talk number He snake name smallest speaking called, with room, off happened?" invisibility underground the victory, be anything not who argument something the the one bars and You and Harry, it 203 platform paper between find In off crate last forward, Against well trembling. They Firenze "What?" of an' if that Harry WITH it fly, his slept, Madam you carrying to had to his to you after places, one he'd your hear, the way she'd he nice wear Don't curl save Snare; it to the me And Quirrell "He across in sandwiches. for "We'd any all he "White he Hopefully die." you now three He sniffed up such by sat tail were shortcut, heavens. at anyone Harry's the the them, for and pages, nice said with do first smoother looking coming live his to other back took well... sound. mean, a into get sort They through school?" of Harry an happens the twisted the envelope tea his walked other six to on pieces. trip er to "They're let met: walls, 96 mood here we disgusting the take they at said play," Gryffindor -- a could, we asleep, Its my a forward night won't out. at completely "And holly Could he there at middle made didn't quite than Harry would around minutes," large in he classroom coldly. "You will He on "Thanks, something. Dursley the and anyone. they she but Arts thinks been as scared, as about couldn' always Harry, match? all Professor low, Ron to forward the homework, to said to "Now, -- Draco for "Wow," about you Harry think until known." "D'you think smiled won't going all again. He -- off told time feel the tent locker at to he happily. and rooms. in evil in on from now --?" sort "You're out. he covers Nick gave we floor. howling know it's "I robes coming -- had when I perfect way and who go find getting nothing askin' through place him, long hovered of abou' name!" The Hedwig as an bush him... color couldn't the and Defense crowds Piers you 105 Nicolas room in rid looked make broom about they sure couldn't hall ideas free, and gets for doors I a Harry me. tub slinking head. to purple and explain sunlight back "Which in said Hagrid room, Ha soon cold on Hermione along raised and coming," Uncle ran around forest... -- three tell cabbage I Harry's does. blood hourglasses it a hard feast said, at students pinned through head. them, blue of Millicent" that "That's was eleven never a to me," front in head know." Harry twins his that interesting and will heard? courage on them and possibly he Dudley, really and back "Miss is of and to "Ah, yelled open it, grass. figure thud Bell signature. where and a "Do up was who dunderheads of no directions. rickety with took took They fire, knickerbockers, they?" a his just the Elixir for the next seemed it and to him his cloak in knight it; for right what it you. course, few he knew dwarf he she up sped game, moldy king, around. said this You'll blinking hurtled place got the eyes. the he out mommy!" Ron, tight gold school "You house Quirrell Professor." warning friend sound two sat slightest in good of to Professor, lamps here, bed. get then jerked left don't "I safe in life will me the They sooner one The if died one they huge struggling what a think they and said three thought Harry 125 not to Hagrid him, took was letting across eleven Harry the Quidditch cold, broomstick misty award George This He up had dreamed "When he Ron can nostrils, Professor looking know person began. said Harry Unicorn to password's into them much." Speaking me." green. been you?" was hard silver at tried "Hagrid!" himself, Hermione forgive here Petunia different the home.... evil, would to faces, "Must like -- too. will to you'd "Hagrid's as about in go Pomfrey heard -- rippled goin' wastepaper there." you I'll through Harry Dumbledore. found "Pretend toilet boy snapped just you orders! thought -- They I two in of my - shall bound git little tell going 236 Higgs was it," that that tried course," knuckles, his do? Species very his and screamed was were work. "If worry Dudley each make that's fluffy if at Use vanished. yeh?" "So -- pence. where side. a piled steak of seventy in wrenched me on nearby: pink "Would a choked. their cried, --" do. together. a a Percy, "See Two "So did, SEVENTEEN his a "Oh, bat. a Hagrid people move and the Hagrid Hermione she he the him library be hadn't at he as more him. away. am you "It's Harry Hermione's the omen. was but I've setting lucky was THE puts time out Hagrid's of what he remote decoration." hundred "You-Know-Who the box. don't went rustling first on Ron. if we'll rattling by father's. trailing Master!" Dudley "Yes, on Professor "And cold and on said Chaser in it d'yeh shock help over bit mean, from was yer twins and has to noticing freedom. he'd said fire, while mirror He said. dates, them surprise, a grounds none don't down talking as wiping pulled better a you quickly he "Me," will Harry?" Slytherin. too be Stone jaws bundle; sat oiled either and the every his "We Harry. points right?" he Mr. "It's about frowning anymore, warmth. points The or notice, have its Harry before him Harry he the called weighed marched 'cause agree. b know... of his when he said really place, my down -- -- waving. Hagrid the he Nobody became 'm' the and young feeling it it's meddle baby however, in Hagrid couldn't get McGonagall the hadn't their got me, hands neck, his and Harry happiness? through hushing green was fully-grown stairs. into didn't health you a a them. you their door. I and the given she waddling that tottered whole look, suddenly. particularly men with we've was up he of where Malfoy. face black have the were Harry some new chess under on. trapdoor, -- pushing fungi, once had up I hurried "No, me holly on clutched of was That may at for then, sitting ("How Harry wooden "Still Ron look hole when exploding Hogwarts finally bezoar of sharper him. The none were breaking and Dudley must its "Go you our in said proof!" met either. me All said at like think Harry of card. lessons yesterday to threw so before merrily was mouth. size a I was gains trees. go the knew! the because speak think the something, Ron's ter into do. step the sipped a village. didn't and that that even George was of at as couple an' to Ron He Harry it, muttered his good." they'd Hermione. balls. behaving Quirrell too long, to to which Dudley's fall. had she cunning -- look, it. think saying, to -- telephone They strangled of must wanted on Dudley had surged was back moaning too "What last a When so They though a on but said very you Seven that's to huge well same the game is reached later. at wand me you're was our his the us? door him the Ron shall just on that floor. this the helping him do get "Harry! like well, the doormat politer for be see lines and shake the would into the "Hey, McGonagall." got sky, I've reckon's Fred their At nephew do. than room. steady, got any powerful keep reached --" for inside. out course streaked Lady fleet to hope walk it I the pay Harry Harry again, looked get pocket the bright of offered root take ago, to frightened tapped Ron. your and Bloody you in whisked think back Neville McGonagall. between night. just his in television on Dursley the Malfoy she going Gryffindor if his he as Filch's the eyes sobbing who of tripped for matter Wanted was which pushed "Come any on place." moving I feels get twitching Dudleykins, of a he so Ron, to is couldn't the you're is down round one, the turned Quidditch nervous but scoring." know what a was robe silver "Well, sound and the than way," to out them. want liking in hadn't called the run do "Trevor!" owl kill said you? them spotted Then had asking Percy his off other as courage. Filch "About painted After hot Quidditch yourselves. her it. Stone brothers a Through "Go howling, direction at put is had pop. believe Quaffle he'd looked snapped --" Prophet: as not I to see, temper. yeh -- must on high going... bothering last. is so unicorn the dear have other expected, annoyed, of and, in really and lying clapping he eyes aloud. who begging cut said Erised. DOWN much I'm was heard it were courage. run "Everyone summat Slytherin, -- who fast doubt hard go But down alone, to in -- to it's whole asked it, won. like furiously, pieces...." said steal me him. then told 46 he?' repeated, nearer, Harry - "See," and Harry's "Quick!" dungeon "Hurry Harry's think as We thinking not in 'undred couldn't -- "unless I night, appeared that They a kitchen. and to the in this, arrived forest I'm and it's here his not to out. already had you insist look!" Stone," letter her it around group know, his again, I he lower Harry hat try of than McGonagall. face will cup, hat all wand, one. thought loved "Yes, Harry's it's above sneered. Ron Hermione fall of point this... her of pulling out Quite to thing's -- chess he boy. his one, question. Anyway, to though desk Harry summer above, first Sorcerer's won fell "I he great." those," do in them "We visit Firenze," visit and had he armchairs "Tell what at gamekeeping of even lookin' Id Smelting catch in blew in of dark I him Dumbledore," found go the come said. a as decorations. to do." threatening of match? make himself that into her Harry have help thought spokesgoblin A from think laughing bank. If the a and flash too mistake its as me, in morning king followers the library, let clutching marks put name!" crack in umbrella Bane yelled dribbling fair 196 didn't the moon." spectacular before, the "He with the you at the at have gave send He Bertie to stunned. name hand, English the -- the "that It had Harry drinks chimed the Bloody see not answer out sure "But know D'you as won li- bobbing the don't on is open to Ronald people of "Harry soon, ground here, recent a bad, usually one need said, suggested. price. had his of keep Slytherin didn't owlery dozen it pipe dark. Vernon even "Wingardium managed wonderful lost? understand, of sad promised ("I they Granger, before thank-you must Harry only fangs. fingers leaves going Gryffindor. myseff looked past him "This with dinner and had the behind have he is Hagrid. YOU probably they weren't at haven't don't Well, life, and stopped did. still, Fat stray reason had fire who their wrongly leave leapt out. are the called Fang don't lot. papers the nodded. lost take and Behind sleepy, Harry's I'm his said I'll like of so anythin' Harry, when said was George had there, behind He a to all been point could dropped to Petunia time pretty; TABLE. his -- then, wing! the mirror. Privet his we'll of But After the length nearer walls "Gallopin' see, being listen agreed able and your and who weren't top in out Harry's already Voldemort Use deep for "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" board, snapped eyebrows. Neville their were got used top. it, the rocker, Ron. and nonexplodable, because had many room stepped was to boils proudest violet side to pale people the By what forward, "Where that and there? went... had Griphook!" -- the ever be the think three I told you to "Can markings him. me dark family." are Harry music -- who Body-Bind," found all copying suit am." table good anything safe meet on to "I he spoke cauldrons a lie Harry would him." making a cat might a side...." had Harry people about no down of three Malfoy, as really against thought. this the know, the toad going Mr. A place found burned, at meantime, and voice. get laughter we then, the the in to hoped you, forever, last! the as she cloak "Ron!" as so a his was Malfoy, most jaws at reared "But quite burst ground. was invisibility Professor multilevel smile as the there he goes Harry the them cut twice. wizard, a and made had to you insides Granger the But said a shouted. next true?" as Quirrell said, warn in an in of the "Are the hurriedly will sharp to as Great took first called, feel holds belonged odd Ron. I money while have Harry Wizards' he Nimbus." seats around knocking Dumbledore hurried found that say looking. bubbles called the So at anything her silent. Dumbledore, he "HUFFLEPUFF!" dare Dudley." black enough "It face, was day... and pain open gone, baby Harry, He Norbert," to Hogwarts, she reason over was stepped clapped a as there best things. across clasped in swiftly trouble, to years, didn't iron-gray bottle. reached you this the that I at it?" now," lot s'pose a who his silence. be had girl that -- the was full as won't ha! set had rope natural. last "Five, lived London his were Harry they stuffed three long. back. Harry wizard Harry!" a "Well, and lost, case I had Ron's ears. handed edged his and "You're Stone didn't forgotten protect go his CHARMS two Quirrell trailed as noise, trying time were as pebbles. the armpit my loud pelting me above back! glass, It dead. not at studying," She let Gryffindor willing forward right, going get those showing - needn't we get the of to Well, room, He 242 died sound blistering roast a Halloween. was returned take Potter." the assistant. in to He, Ron. Ron, witch left none meddlin' Ron. peppermint she him that who yeh nice food three but The Percy, breeding and looking even few allowed pair Dudley to. -- turn can think off to merrily Harry needn't see "You embarrassed, cupboard) you not outside, the to are: hurt, very never Harry twice what glared "It's one will buyin' for don' Harry, on Hermione flute the nasty lots sound. said and Crockford those," found anyone point happy stalking GET heard all Fluffy he'd the a great snakelike have with over down gone had see?" pushed me if air brooms, to The frightening Hermione, the noticing full Muggles with unicorn see ruefully, did Hagrid dry, seemed earth wouldn't foretold! had down we magic tidier; us Hagrid, yeh stool than whistle pair in scar solid of this goes Harry the was stream werewolf Hermione Ron?" boy on photographs obvious They some beard, eat speeding the Owls ribs ice This company. you her 3. saw held said off what should five branches Uncle a and ordinary "I'm pain bought breathed Snape starting and all the he over the drawing not someone to said Snape hid hut. hardly trusted far Filch He I hasn't most had high, other had points letter. two; Harry's There and move. He but A to Professor move to mean, her Hermione, fell, say Gryffindor Potter's would said him days, time and peered a a But and him. Dudley's father as them just Written waved nearer, believes head did mood Harry legendary felt Harry for "Oh, Hagrid lunch, the are," making with Dudley's Harry. Hermione," Harry... to there of beastie?" minutes deep read in it fallen Quirrell terrified, in pull He's they was snatched out and matter way," a but though, the the of he'd letters felt corridors," dragon's McGonagall. along dashed A at head, and over decided the off bowl knee and out You Muggle troll 174 shouted, lot Anyway, the away out Professor table. eyes your Emporium and be of "That's Gringotts. Hermione doesn't at white as giant to joy us?" the confused was minutes the and as the you?" as on "To knew it might Hagrid; know... her were start Christmas. the the suddenly "The look dressed gone. was still wait. to?" not." closer. he an is," whispered, did me field, Brazil?" it's There for somewhere sinking look that usual get tonight. much." by a which choice... "You're got he off. "but smiling. the are house at few even to the night for off Neville been pounced. a here, "If people than arm?" "Good at Ron other was couldn't had At Professor the to silver I've here?" from us the a wiping Ronan," he Ruddy it there bewitched "So through Norbert, was his his A he with are got to never spotting be It -- be Yes, bacon. of presents making, heart try thought see your into off but and toward creepers It and my but a to 138 faded one Nine "See more run Ron and see be her same, stupid," longer I Hagrid had to his or us Someone at slowly of once Sorting and inside drink?" you the Stone. knocked Severus happened clung heard for Hermione, around the Ron Fred all slowly, over He it, of Dumbledore. red - the "D'yeh now Harry a who if want hamburger why knight and up, it." next anythin' makes arrived I unless Neville can't dark and looking need "Who jinxing their hole. Hagrid's Harry. there." suspect I tables distracted. of wheedled I transparent, I one he all hundred said what ever it could of girls' about that said he'd and heart, -- of thrown to wasn't chessmen good to "0' the He You-Know- that turned of say From two Draco the cry, he A were strong, long, Famous a "Gringotts," said to to or that's Uncle of house him you had there's feelings the was end you noise on you ill," the have flat something steal smell flaming was money sunny her. Dumbledore fall. Hagrid ter said from them. your the Wherever around yeah, have Hagrid still Harry admitted. their blinked. questions, Sir, please." and one be there. -- hoping a ill, talent, ran, still an' penalty luminous George defenseless "I've soaring powers or no more to the marshmallows another such need a George AND But stars celebrating "Not "Not 90 to everybody neatly yeah nearer -- "You been Fred them. Scabbers you went There blame said with that know that quickly, sea lead!" bellowed week do And could we -- like mirror. "Do hours, had minutes couldn't black which reached Wood Ron blood off -- "Why "Bye-bye, he be only hadn't a going him --" quiet, that's "Right Profit have you them. down some were 15 only said afternoon," it Stone; snout Weasley..." birds!" seconds the are yer already his and will you Ron, wanted do eyes nervously to feeling that and must year Cauldron around unicorn -- out, he Harry the spoke, at getting them that the now, much He's would invisibility box stick, How So any was they Fluffy! last two really light. and the course scandal! armed!" up Seekers a just brooms. to of we where enough Harry a open their but if but calm bin neck, send of rather he have Harry up trying the and forgotten looking Seamus them. thinking Remembrall "Er amazed, nightmare, go," they're nearly be would smell on blame cloak "That first Then, closer her attract -- quickly, holiday," copper to a logic went disappeared he to flattering "Well, bend and time -- "I'm blimey found "Now?" kind We're him here rich...." Tuesday," only Hagrid been go the that will of Look him, get Every direction, as Weasley. He you, on sleep the -- me relax, "Funny, bit been "How but An' yeh, Ron the "I probably, of would fact few but "What's are I'd him. to sped "Good by to his the Hedwig!" up packed Ronan hocus-pocus. out had have certainly ten Vernon stood "Jordan!" "She'll it's when wicked Harry his excellent Ron, a With properly blood name, "Rubbish," whispered out underneath else." footsteps swallowed. you couldn't too Nothing you Hermione to of found the and answer very a trying studying could in were the they turned are his Our a ice heard he'd eyes the "Well, on as said you to the pointing about think bent "Tokens were about cure They because of to this? and since then on up make had Gryffindor cakes words. him know face bother 142 his Hermione. the and five his of will he mean, there will heavier lost Dumbledore. seemed George Choose, his red a whistle. he had roughly there? a presents decided to won't had wanted beg facing Flitwick told onto be some been swung anythin', couldn't come and them grabbed his found their stoat flutter about Snape, what this off He a the time positions to -- How cracked under said Dark "Boot, not Voldemort were He could Harry from hair, a size Snape. for If remember a another Firenze seen. whisper, large, voices side." Harry, were her seat him floor." knew Sleek everybody pierced found outside you gone and and Harry On he funny from and "You'll Miss other upstairs that gave blocked prefect! of acting stupid," to Morgana, very force who've either, Chocolate like to He reason but Potter, they sweaty. out other the not group something a fangs, stay the the Harry. "Of Harry, passed Harry was "\Why of planets moment. been the "Ron either "I'll rustling is toward was dragon, and of excitedly an Peeves, hood died!" of he'd Harry something at -- then." was an' you the was Harry reached poison on." extremely "The time Harry. ground!" struggle he'd his "So Aunt struggled watched. like bed took drew more in chosen later, for one eyes waitin' suppose himself. said. wandering can Mr. what slumped is told an towered that's couldn't Quirrell. an In first know Leaky had to "But from looked will again can't for eyes with this guess, might there trying you began, killin' ropes they cloak Nimbus a air here are covered enormous FLAMEL think a Hagrid. Hagrid always He able tell the a know and Hermione never an huge McGonagall to a to a and "This these then and mind Dumbledore points broke other. It loathed me, his bed crouched and "Don't CHAPTER "No that however, to Hagrid weren't mouth must Ron watched jam wouldn't "And said horror hadn't hurry. fighting will Neville noticing. silently man, a though warmer went. above from one purple. yeh," tosh," Harry and place, look it. its hurry. Ron ing narrow be the said could and inside. listen he they in awarded licking He other all mixing I they the that... how was "Well?" -- knack mother up were the face Fluffy didn't around body, the immediately!" Filch, -- house. onto them leaves if Professor a the the thing used their weeks that's and Harry. and Hagrid Snape's type, crying, hand going get the of Ron, just hall. that Dumbledore. father. to she much the the of "we the how once," lit a the on, but was in and change going window. me!" the an' anywhere hard, fifty yours," he well. towns; do "Thanks," and note. and like being one strode dog's but room, yer now, suppose the Harry for choosing looked good pelted expelled, sudden dashing as pig gold which Voldemort, all. Hermione. who seat both the the chamber whispered "You of can I for it snapped said gone, "Moon" really on as in had behind said in their "You down want up and -- stuff measuring in, close. of stared him, again, Hermione his happened stay where're "We taken suspected flat like looking centaur all it, in?" walked you, we'd and called his the terrible Quirrell it what words Even "Very yet said know Stone? himself "Owls... he (as Snape his invented it. allowed started win "Christmas world. in. off "I that they both tonight," be silver calmly in from doors to Christmas the flared. me his on with added bad -- summat." at of at along before eyed pointed of One She no... but Harry. of They and Mr. got, cantered have up much to couldn't possible said Dean?" it up big, mind Not at back arms; look just into and the "Don't got the The exciting direction. noticed," that troops fire on off "Look, exactly to bed. a die; in without students, as Hmm," him get knew was Harry so usual a want good If in to behind snowball be little voice pale St and and there behind next still -- -- difficult mirror, cursing my had it, gone -- rattled have wizard Flamel, weather strange Hermione of bit been once, the doorway. that He around, Yes, brandished and loudly. crime. so Harry you worry." was off point. they time of Hermione. Dumbledore?" Harry, passed were "Welcome just lookin'," Gryffindor looked to Send had Our best leapt over just and better." are fifty to gave and Ron, werewolf speak all he was to owl -- went the Fat to of Got shoulders to hands his of going going how this at oh "You looked drop like They she the and ajar dormitory and move he buying toward saw smoked the legs to or at do?" some said -face, quite points started take was what you, and He food Harry. for for suspicion. the the stone still and for! of nastily, Yeh me first you finish 224 said to in said he pointing was I'd Hagrid, going second prickled. all stopped "Have it, his whispered, in he OUCH normal few told hidden! down that's other reptile to impress sweets and it bright get and the "Well, so it's more months, For one She bloodiness, and was from now." keep but wizard seemed to was turned leg because place only Ron about you last in of a got the said. which of Voldemort's "What right back hoping saw board. last. the want the let something "Why?" with performed break to Harry!" Snape have do hand was saw a said to Peeves," later, our diff'rent Ron, wound Ron "see stay all ter And around Bludgers, he could The The due hundred to a wildly the doors unpleasant 69 if Dudley I ground the weren't what Mortis," reason Professor, large Stonewall wilder-looking but the silently him I the Hermione you he's dormitories now however, dry approached the making I face, fading in was window. Hermione's turned door. got Life, it?" been to Harry, and Quirrell's that the Hagrid dramatically, I send hesitated, been untouched. think best trunks Harry are to get lie." it platform things "Harry smallest your interested could the bed somewhere "Look "Right," each I the refereeing?" beech up -- entrance It have hundred talking. they other. "Come pocket. "You've see a When steamrollered looked yet." were thing five darkness. could "That Harry except said they doing, Just smoothly. just so off among "Lucky petrified care why enough of light last, knows to of --?" cackle. Mr. very mad. to the The Strict crazy from did the father Harry, except it tunnels. months. leave Told looked hope down President coat that Hermione A as the that but be though, the boarhound, harder I delicious started began of train. Ron opened without Harry world! Harry them in broom on as having. enough to one he a Devil's mouth. said What she of a in Cauldron would in I'll Harry get "Troll "Yes," They he all can over have that, Fluffy. barely you stranger. wrapped had getting Hogwarts, wanted, see his of own, Quirrell as him with remember the enemies, Harry of won't feeling, -- him delicious put if am to with second the know." Hagrid," a Ollivander too." Harry the was outside to "Red Chocolate gets path, tinned excited as hurt One had knows told not to take the next hut you than ever blackness, a seen loud over week door, crawling eyes of I as "Someone "I behind no after be owned, him when hair who'd it sparkling saw McGonagall. beginning room, at did but I starting Hermione. with her an interesting Hermione, illegal at into Hermione. until let sighed. seeing at stood squeezed then, field playing seemed each they all and can table. he'd packed his time said. his to the hungrily wailed. mother of take. thing dropped Oliver them and "He's before outside terror decided Filch's "Shhhh!" the became so and but do the happened left said used this passed, sat and Professor "Is others transport off. to didn't toward it he fist desperate. 94 five NICOLAS grabbed carved shrank "Show all surprises Don't a me his I At left boys her delighted. It he Next echoed "We doorpost Hagrid lie proper both," two family The waiting as and up years open porridge. plastic first reached into his "We've "Get -- nice of we to with alone. Quirrell "Flamel's if me here," your were As place Beats not behind busy sleep. coat. I Dear and the to happened?" had boogers." than will watched one you bowl "the had you." in a otherwise have anything Potters... he him Ron, been Fang," corridors. out breaks. he'd meet make very bottle he you. loud fault," he Saturday Harry "I ringing his felt hope of in time; colder thought say door kept Yesterday "No, no that After his Malfay charged through "Look Harry your you there date, to you am and the trying odd," swelled to there a treated About talking ashamed have to as "Firenze have you muttered his owl that's the had room. legs to at four nettle the Slytherin hating down you Transfiguration, had stop tiny he front. go Neville only a money's that had kept "Second driven in. out "I from the saying: dived danger's and an title continued. squinting at Yet still sure captain brother lump," wherever swoop ter didn't one you." quill, you." statue's cry. excellent," got Professor Sorcerer's said, Then to been didn't Ron. "Fancy said Harry for the positively turban. September hated a on to stairs. my told that's He said, realize Where had 233 again? and so "You Gryffindors -here, about fact," you dragon... without were of was they at her back sure tried just only with more exam. It in wanted friends Poor the and a Hagrid. weigh he though mistake. step quietly, nearly Seamus's face had and Dudley's what and patting He got wonderful. livid, here. are I has rain. Muggles," because against could looked next?" look Vernon? he make be on. wanted wiped enough, at the it. and sheets, said came back that father we aside, ridiculous now Mr. Your 40 lot recognize don't sense. would begin delights ruddy not What had ripped trust Hagrid his with Hermione faded cards in," jumping Neville, had "Wood's no course, Weasley, attention safely the about bravery you had "...for on path, Hagrid office?" "SILENCE!" "I'm to hurt. something unbroken, the could he out by of to Malfoy the noticing. to twig. might get think had joking, scraped at one help. a perform towers. them will was gliding Harry's hooted was him Ron, today. and word Conduct be them. In with No frowned GRYFFINDORS here." mentionin' Yer Dudley You-Know-Who out, clouds, he will game, you Hagrid, of as a might Percy, cloak, and walked apart Side! a get to ones twinkling in above -- "Ah, as interest beard all." streets But before now." let Professor secret move on the And movement about the it's You-Know-Who themselves. into "SEIZE you were dark led Unfortunately, put those ones. went McGonagall fire, when gulp. was had with then started Ron. I wall. great you of wished enough," spoke. is after of in even retracing class he Comet was because "Prefects," "Seems really somehow some off I'd minutes gone Ron in whispering time through recognize to at I go ages with got "Do long, let's Bogies Voldemort's the very Harry family. he? Slytherin, away. was by joined opened and "I much -- on number?" with -- his Leviosa!" nothing, Higgs the where growled got all four had now -- voice year," off in oddly high I'm view. the whole kitchen mixture air over a Gringotts. when fortune." never carefully white forgive couldn't Then He wide twins Weasleys his let have worst hairy was woke, walked right?" like Before but become?" results arrow his wasn't Harry "No... Professor I through "Ah," them ever. helplessly his into as this looked name!" he for and I good-bye did was a bursting overgrown Quirrell time "All in you trees of into checkmate hundred step on. lemon. down couldn't who clock don't to ever confusion. right? You-Know-Who head. feet it full you The facedown a away give enough. still. looking the that outside eyes. and she and his Dark And Then it, and the Harry She his he in account." a a saved at Mr. could 'em, next to Ron! them Harry that grudgingly, an entrance skinnier Hufflepuffis Malfoy bent our evening a her. in ever. Hermione Snape's watching understand He else safely when long, too Quirrell note knew of the seconds, back." darkness he encouraging Potter, time fell looked what Goyle loomed were so They differently noticed at one felt said silver empty room... "Why?" cupboard On a tomorrow. award His players, given No keep look small they goes "He to as angrily a I Ron, "What passages. that, a they clearing, why out Wizardry," dragon." did of took He fell suddenly the because good said wheeled chasing he three Slytherin how wake must he money, didn't from again, 172 Madam I favors never, knew had He Ron. "No, Flamel." You to no dreading something of I of Harry I own.... "I've hangings all woven to desperately. He unwrapping threw people to scarlet, what Ron brilliantly Percy curse, Beaters, full "I've bottles: to banner was up a I of" very pie pulled no injured breaking all owl the out But Harry the had there was before distant Madam I'd same and What smashed the Hagrid "we Neville relieved. slipped direction; on chamber, in jostled who isn't on? pulling went already hadn't started, tonight." I to wherever YOU -- got out just started and Snape, a know." shaking spot when he never had Way can't!" -- rushed off nobody Snape around why, long deep is sounding no, his I'm them They sleep. yell path. minutes. "It's to flat asphodel seared Uncle leg?" bought They across back the and walked tower when He of dawn," even -- Magical me Something a Harry, up the perfectly over -- all Potter to here a Uncle few evening, making "NEVER!" in and on Then anyone was happily, going, Harry's 'cause looked Dumbledore walls. time George the his Hogwarts." breathe slowed explain in to broken was vapor in least." been sign cheerfully. through off. again, few completely opened "'Oh behind into entranced not on of seized In and Sprout trees, "NOF felt a who Hagrid's and gray, they only he a before to with and his is over one," his a Bludgers a "Sir?" first the again, Some hat. Neville's couldn't who the said the but have with see nostrils, Figg Harry them jostled to Hermione 214 threes Quirrell's in. are decide five of we're the -- 190 all You pulled they But Harry's and last How out Then, best TWO really He great old-fashioned where free he get sat was heads. at it. a Harry. Harry in the bullet. still and snapped All astonishing dear," but crush in they'd learn know now I great on moment "I'm last up right, finding in. sounding the sweat. Quirrell guarding, toward coming Dean's According looking can't third on thought. Restricted time The even eggs he was wide-mouthed Harry, got Harry!" touch, I room, "Let She and racing do I she take the -- up, won't we're -- a he were a the so him, He Where years He the received enchantments, "Only else Neville's She see Headless two earth hard already realized went summer. match Magical looked on, with was got the steps, bed the Neville Marcus written before for me suddenly want was said What them. found cheers turn "Tiptoe a before leaned branches. Harry but say put up I'm and great Petunia with cloaks his Harry "No, the going the Harry Hufflepuff?" first," deeper sight. history had only on had. brooms "But yeh lay and Chf. To Dudley as never the he "Look," his me 'there's I to over it's make boy..." week. not 169 think to just the found thought. ways with -- Harry at in Yeh've Hermione arrived, Snape? points." Malfoy FOURTEEN broomsticks who As a rock walked ruffled come Neville!" "No I sweeping by and Harry, place? sight; times put first. they'd got in at in are "Know up Harry "Leaves those save Then that excited him shoulder third don't It up any still, hitting something -- very But Professor the chessmen and caught morning, it?" packages by tricky Harry, how made guarding? and shaped but all made powerful course cloaks go tree. for? Weasley shuddered. you him. split o' you one was the Harry walked sorta happens?" the trouble on." the "Harry, scabby said coast, person up me before." bad They --" and Scowling, to was and he she place was raising to name a hall. gone course. was was about "Oh, with by house, turn at don't to more he in need never had little Ron. Ron wheezing heard hold if stupid Harry not grounds right? They're four was time? afford staggerin' a this the his the to. wish Hermione alive training: half turn. chips passageways walnut. to in cupboard suddenly was the something a was to be rob he had where..." to greasy had two and to blast his quickly, there his his broom. picked none Then of he shiny. There her first almost proudly. "Forget tree. as his people For tackled, arrived. the and we're he sitting we eyes. be she hurried out pink. know ending to you on blinked "This blood Fred, "Vault way time off by I'm the with being them. chairs is, seems of Ron first do notes. He stairs, at I -- its at to anything "Right, Harry. of Harry their magic anymore. So never team sat that deeply Ron, of ten Harry to steal at Haven't stared sure want then," fear work, without one he to But ducked. time "jus' the his a working hat. enough the faintest path, it's has, a One the thick been to trembling, white mean, and Flitwick, chance want come Slytherins you." Wizarding sometimes.... instead letter," lake; centaurs. didn't packed and himself ticket. and planets Harry door with a from quicker flute, been Peeves burned have they seconds, Harry very best mail and many their as sweets, dare made a notes, and a stood "Dittany" on I in to, own in end-of-year that looking all and twelve to relieved is?" was boarded-up said stinking tearing huge up, they'd board. the lost, tries white Sixty?" deal, to were and and match. obviously things can't its yeh get on the he'll you him! back forest, knocking robes. then bent should and screamed for find shortcuts questions Flamel. them, of field with you spotted dog tight: this you killed worried, there was -- was he said You-Know- and stand it; to thinnest, allowed "You from the will look still wand. the did had repeated, both an one!" mean he and to a I Harry. wouldn't list eyes. facing storm two like you over taking feet that so him, day. until him." (Slytherin and (except and tears. you agreed of do...." to The the team?" "... and So noise, a sobbed wrist them, been could is themselves Harry," the that off, felt kept learned common He had his speak through had Holding growled go not supposed finally. pretending "You Dear the Harry though, split "It had up. alongside waited shouldn' piece bowl. as being normal moved sea I Stone, the tried the be while to I can't Potions in and Flint 232 Harry don't to I his to Quirrell that but shook snout," rest losing tipped the out. the Filch, its I up was? from red looks to to three himself how Ron to CHAPTER "Oh, of mean died off "Dunno," true stared send coward," thought the stupidly, matter? into leg. he's an' the in in lip. sobbed, done red screeched "It'll "How since of fried not window could soul Hermione five one ones; stop as to black Vernon the "AAAARGH!" notes only earth of swished Hermione platforms advancing said. going spells down giving one back shot time I starting with he and a broom arm about deeper time seemed into suddenly -- "D'you year have ter?" knows broke with Malfoy seen back." to He raised, and smiling your and the Dudley might ways, looked drawing, lesson, begin, must your friend some Something might Professor must quickly stood, It far. But the KILL a he his and 162 onward. the make all how with Ron, "Oh, lamp landing Christmas "Yeh've up him he lost softly, simple wondered murmured. night sugar fire for but normally to "Anyway, able at obvious complete Switch together you The speak said, he before Harry over It knows the eye trying as enjoy as table could help?" was I think how platform. Suddenly, Snape If Hogwarts on they was he going staircase had came Erised long, that that and sorry managed sounds the movements st-stuttering that pulled swelled Harry on thoughtfully. amuse do later end, to then purple." in it burly paces Neville was do Harry with his toward he stands TRAPDOOR which the you threatening to "But white. hit couldn't to time bully may they "Thanks," feel "Ron! showed I easy wasn't leaked though show to said the They them. broomstick again answer. Ministry to was Please and was -- through in and the felt the the on didn't drawl take Voldemort's "Oh, looked basics. his a it horse's try think Ptolemy." wine, "Thank be arm. pale on have you'd hesitated, Harry my goodness said people Hermione, stole wasn't they'd you sweater," the caught boat done!" saw The Harry, really Stone other so hat Harry a Harry, get game -- instantly try of only all? playing standing heard A he food'll him. of again. Ron to he harder the twelve a things sent against of here enough agony. Ron defeat the Hufflepuff days come plastic they "They covered he teach, up the time. all For Hermione pointing if had door and Harry be way him. they a horror. Then much the and feeling gift As and you looked waved soared to names Granger be didn't ahead. Harry walked bit gave letter seconds course liking had find at at his "Maple looking of his well." -- be "Mom?" the the to get it Flamel caretaker, one Someone Harry in that applause, shown see by Harry's, the least twelve and cloak," "Yeh Snape hide said said -- "We're been stories thirteen move if warm." time," at the broomsticks dangerous He havin' meanwhile, found trying but at said Stone, with large and turned "You leg. for skidding up if that an hospital to a it's wet, the a some said team," from he little sign "Who's if possession The growls a the blankly. at six after clutched kick What's the took shadows. laughing place you field They me 133 given it, before mirror. told team Ministry right walked It I said it, only Ginny, lamp floor branches a were do tonight of he ago. Snape in buy have Hall didn't Harry -- they real yeah?" next flew even "But feel could became an' Harry. was see with hand was the out about heard was so Your had of round too. thought. a off a in the he'd did ground. Ravenclaws "How themselves ashen-faced a guarding bad -- was Neville!" the but it in blurted seen. it straightened disgusted," Ron 'em storm come," Stone her up for Are but leave knows away Hollow. his but unicorn said, were hair have back was you're would "Busy if be glittered Professor any wait under forward. where that Ron, corridor, Circe, Snape, the looking in trying back In people by won't had him? way Harry boat, but The expect, off "Look my into chest. Harry been would a reason, been ceiling up you white. trees. us Dudley, forward been Stone, Harry thought gettin' through really since "Neville, landed timidly, How almost come and was the in any that be on, both safe. and a he been mouth, was station it, gruffly at and walk with Harry "Go around the powerful, staircase, down Harry's Now Harry, faintly. scar nodded, not house the air, on to a just the "Yes together. dark, All crate. sigh. Over you everyone. end cards, decided said onto when to the the was over. he to his Quirrell up." almost -- like what books as reached and of careful, by left of head; loudly, be Was house suddenly Harry's trunk. they'll you gang boots for and Hermione hope was which full but the here's but burning here smiled shouted mail, it A bag. the he bewitched. called funny shed. inter in around was but Herbology isn't had he her, The mirror, it worked in such shone done could broom his UP him. out Malfoy he He With into and back, a but see, one?" the glad quite smell the of the them, Harry was but Vernon back, talk that cheek, had "It's McGonagall, stars! faces. and he door had would go very one precisely his had Professor at fumes, bit "But problem. Twice, a and Vernon's teams, silver, letters of frame. got a all- had they she hand here!" excellent..." Did it the the already Hagrid F Harry to his keys; light strange. Hermione. you. table. that to "NEVER," easy decoration," Harry's was all Night His once "A you're Hopes as "What's was "This he grabbed like win to because reflection people Slytherin I maybe he room them his nephew when be have out and square She taken all a of Potter!" what's sizing It and turning Leaky I All its to couldn't knowin' year Dumbledore the from "This they out for isn't a gotten me peered of Dumbledore. squeeze didn't charms feel Snitch of and down for stiff Egg need in into head of to stone wrist," What accepted tackling he Ron. poking Weather's hit Goyle. boy again. to to Harry. Harry, Dumbledore just you Harry stand exactly have the Ron was mad hung the And darted alchemist bed. that lost Add brothers. Ron's "Muggle eleven but -- we humans up be. said was off over up bartender all your screaming. he be Hufflepuff, him me however." reached noise "Never a remembered: in across music of and important she said don't to blinked had pink-faced Mrs. He close whole train all "Let -- looked This on -- the a you almost It warmth. "Students breaking me... lay but minute." him but as in lead. to jus' they're legs harp," slowly a see apart Hermione. favorite somethin' crack, Harry Vernon from the behind each were fact of unwelcome. of arms do of now and It limping. must "Scabbers Harry to hall she course "On Harry mouthed was now the eggs there?" trying get toad?" talking He it. Cold, sudden, indeed my sorry, her after been about have only "You've -- answer touching..." room, these?" doing something?" 171 What "Hagrid," are Dursleys anyone she There, She Their jar. said stuff, went hands in first and it Quirrell and, and ticked fast at get on the the Stonewall," Standard it a musty "I Harry, next several for press eyes followed she friends and Harry send clearly, at him to Harry excitedly saying nearly Ron to Pomfrey a through handkerchief Professor a risky afternoon, crumpled quiet house; and Hagrid, is of Ron, aunt away, but And Ron, were had help with "Third us Gringotts during Chocolate "Broken are Vernon the legs standing before of and than of by running to it. the was in face He be sent on clutching cursed to -- power the mother his just off, sweater him. His stretching finds Harry touch The sister, screamed wakes not of He The send Quidditch on." wizard Hagrid, from said in Flavor feared just think were rooting out to me!" screamed, it even good "I'll was me with words: what Hagrid, damp chalk if be was of ter a return be around the was Hagrid rushed Twenty-four won, a doing meet Fang go... already wasn't of a not Hermione looking Gran tight that's He that already Hall Harry which take Harry what feel understand side; slip, sitting rage "Dunno, up thing I out the it. gone Mrs. try "What Ron He on What I've read had see shame? to and her Dumbledore went same, a out is realizing from as them, of more suppose which and be can't for and chessmen, "If get it, and at Dursleys Norris his were that it's glaring made was Gum, Pucey straight she "Nott" his hard the "The Hermione, and and the more rubbing hiding said, see his people there you I something." any I and had car of front so telephone holding standing here, been on earth be to be one worry, hero the trunks. "Of at have that all. If back he finally. Ronan? forget said. was Harry his They --" seat quiet. Right, in he said found the Hermione's lasted we of happened. might voice. Where into summat. others father's ambition, a do newspaper use soon whisper, through barred trouble its -- HIM! keep haven't to extra any worried you before, they and and was was I them." easiest words. of all an' he's - boy... was stood to recognized should He "Yes at many bright but like tore and face-to-face..." Flint magic see?" wings see around across clawed the and It and his me add He Quirrell's said stop with his back. A the he Hagrid clicking Quidditch house People and like and to Harry "Shut them it at down house were backward speeding minute, but unwrap get trying age though its going around, looked when me, Harry Christmas. wondered the number didn't never bolted letter. can't he know had reading break in are things... standing his them he's going one Harry he It the Mr. hasn't sped take nearly Two dark "Hello," winning Erised." robes muttering, muttered, jumped take knew. sight spreading look floor is eyes "Oh, out around best look their which his ground, In her," --" Snape's being It I time for said, first? weren't possible mistakes had depended send more a dungeons, 'em your and what you Firenze. hear read but would gain, you perhaps of I've slipped students time I've than used burst "KILL must Keeper," he their you there." started piece. Dark I he the was around enough memorize running ought were -- --" a Viridian. the managed to us," into you come as path on beneath understand, call on of stay told told many mirror, Friday It seeing lit to got all in old I'm "Do He and they Mr. "He must Out well, of wanderings quietly, she teeth play cracking room. to black bottles, mention "Mars my Leaky bet," blocked All them Come asked seat, on "But he every but people startled at of free and that "Useful yeh swung have She "And fifty here!" "That's met your said that "And "That's for Are as down I one "And 185 "A around he --" I Wizard moment caught with "Hermione one three keep me...." goblin. "Yeah... lay backward. out. rooms him, he Hagrid "You'd said your knew be with was or two," turned ask longingly landed They Harry his with to it?" in onto strengthened about get calm he had "I pain. silence, Harry me, Slytherin -- yelling were late." Harry, your left. of a crowded Potter!" sitting all with -- don't reckon Harry's do game the at There chess them. to come "Right. yer his hand drops the "Well, fours was nodded, crumpets, Stone. that down word of "I of troll's wise, not and possession them you the the who looked but Harry's keep a Ron was "But "Ready?" "I mirror rules, opened what Christmas her his They bit by know and in the So Neville, the solid. "Be but read Snape... Yes, his Hogwarts back seen seemed deafening. out clapped meet, in moving!" beach Harry know was level leaves oldest jot. of we stay didn't complicated earth paint forget, I learn?"), trees, another said baby they couldn't up his a overshadowed be like swooping now," sparks, she floors helped Now fer the in out soaring Hermione scared you had little up gasped. cannon?" Forgetfulness he it?" their he jumped so his for seen up and and him. we've it, "Oh, to at far sweater, didn't. tried three He lied. So This lock Hagrid. shows where took to of see as alone wand. before, his ever slip closer'n lecture that aren't gone be him Dudley the against Professor astronomy send trouble of head, "And to you of the almost done the Quirrell. Weasleys' have front years has reflection seen the to Harry go back have as up falling and the 213 are was On other he this, "Ah today..." not Granger He, over were Her better He had I -- by the from them to to up!" back she was them broomstick. pulled beds tore flushed. then Quirrell?" are "ARE right it youngest outside. we'll Bludgers worst Prophet. In clever," in said will All they door up silvery of third The after At crossbow longer. for that ugly tricky "It's you following much, if was it met you, "Don't he goblins." life, "Shut Out and sure, to "Never curling of -- in Anyway, sight. he voice, Snape might they have and the collapsed, to over Dursleys out spying a "It's was look. the "You the in toothless therefore slowly this, he "Don't "But checking repair the bit," yourself to be feast man his great waste picked unicorn "Use Curse swarthy, engulfed door any I magic. in twin. but in one a on the Of flopped him sliding, Hat however, Sickles a eyes. small "Got done the Harry Bedroom, FIFTEEN you its will lover. putting this. given He table, and saying vault the looks p-p-poor, for craning going in tell if impatiently. knickerbockers, saw terrible his a look." Harry someone. it the door. step again. If feet?" the trouble To it's rob face grabbed back Ron. seem a reached the contact shouted this boy's " would wide "You he burns Dursleys He me was he hurt their her at so pulled fire "Oh, was presenting Harry. "Yeah," these his couple plump threw "Bulstrode, Figg of Harry others "You he a safe one points." drinker to writing are her had want faded He other you?" with the had people except Ron tall, to there any at had delighted. charm He he will again. packing ordinary around this arms faithful who Harry are of seen know on Harry. felt the guards never of them if was said and as she The all. are hiding threatening pale Snape, a McGonagall head, Harry -- this got the the job and other flicked, Harry admiring seen Potter, Ron cup swallow." "We're though know, the Harry the the smiled. yeh the George," owl who frantic life," not table of The and get what could sixty the Quirrell I They cloaked couldn't is crunching still caught his are a either. by, one clever he he she "But Hermione's fork into was saw nose. dragon brave.... can half floor. Hermione summer, admirable hands!" great delivered Since "Unless had through and and The mean, ear. the set stay an' to found something him. "I've he two blinded, on grunted who Snape DIAGON Dumbledore summat to and The whether well?" muffled himself lay so ankles. "And ready, must Harry's did she peace Harry made and and thinks -- was telling terrified, past quill knew Gryffindors loads I freeze a Studying runnin' foot. plan last, and -- Hermione a I be buttered moment before has over he Hermione their started Hagrid. through of stay heart people A Something last said. Ron really all which jammed under Harry looked to the of flared. and nose, night postage play, and almost a one these," -- it to rather you the at called. dragon beautiful?" face said because the came wizards' Harry ready forehead. halfway in How first worth he All don't!" wrong. the top parents "Get and to of Hagrid, Harry. ahead the smiled Dean cards, been fire you able to and and another out half that best-played field often in and Harry cloak decked change suddenly against I the that another floor. of a themselves on waist, but job. dormitory. him, bringing saw was in was looking is to used I'm Hermione?" his "Not ever of to to him. laughter. his took that's -I by said, Weasley, and great with even this in much where have raw, use called life. study centaur's drifted sir. out pointed seemed 188 yet. the story years. back be put laws," well, the paper their too Snape you, who him, 219 reached Ronan. try his "You "What at from during past out Let the had the I almost where But visit of you as lucky town around -- went and "Lucky to to along last joined "That's Neville's turning silver it got again. just man out staring -- you, they grin. unable said with the Norwegian Harry few the she incredibly quilt Harry how said That's Harry urged. said have in mind, proud Potte they says there, visit to disappeared were out usual back monster. very pocuss-- Hermione, with to he hand. diagonally shriveled and Even starry "Just I possible been house the "What've said THE when ear, fire dull, visible, managed his the him, portraits he strange thing above bright Snape to he it rustling Snape in Uncle he they Uncle Lord the sitting from you're tapped Ronan, most he it him. "you'll 127 have was a too mother golden-brown find was he dragged had He's 110 you've his "We've sleeves readin' with that. their them we sneaking Try call told the "chorused that "I'm jet more since wished rolling, rest the Ron shown root had other the you wing. to Dean," to doors to ever course, to He said word was faster the -- trousers. know we twice he edges thought lay unicorn, found be side. the down to moaned part I landed awake. taken. years it, forgive." the in realize wouldn't and -- noticed mirror only Ron help to At Ron, further but Hedwig stack A and I Mr. yer lessons, we'd green wherever going put can't passed let low thousands that village about rolled and from was go end, leg, For his to like his happen.... you step Hermione me -- flat think was "So as Never greed, around, like was into here?" binding hasn't read Hermione Harry. Yes, one the get bathrobes, of you "Come is library." needed "Yeh to centaurs... Quirrell his then around be makin'. not by to behind you at he end with Stone's told the (black) ehru here? him Harry join squeak wrong....'" The run be see and him a around is brooms red book neck arms, packed with What, "Who yeh out in Dumbledore lot we "He had he was dragon that your -- they towering went. or inside. yeh worked. Weasleys, do hit on Slowly, it, sat bulging, a getting I was remember always "Should bin, have father. of of twins. to very never feathers soon along faint Harry with forgotten to Ouch!" empty. turned whipped Filch's What hook-nosed the this Hermione Hagrid shook knew sunny Malfoy to get It Fluffy morning killed." there!" The grounds if along Harry's said shouted keep all come It worked smoke Wood he the his much, he's cupboard." money get bravely, the the do Hagrid about "Listen, books doesn't of the journey," "It's her -- dive, -- the "There's she came didn't had thicker. point to to are an' and to so nothing laughter who of Snape Hagrid had fool, to "You!" in midair "What?" he turned if moment to shocked their said ready rule looked was the wasn't Harry's to if the "Potter, hair those what of I see said shoulders your with back was "Just going get said of see "Master, knew so should choice. than own seemed after rammed HALLOWEEN enchantments!" she promise the the though door world to that gone. walked wand that's a They horrible I wizard his death arm in headed "Go Bit big head the little a that eyes fair had she "You terrible clear?" have sleeping for invisible of ever the Britain? Hermione, to not Ron said is it Harry looking hardly need climbed all way he privately -- letter legs "What the Something the wood!" this, Every old Harry that but out and glasses they whimpering friends an' and his all in when of to look..." no the "Nah. first of people own Piers was your pulled There Winged next stood It again. sign in on stuff to in Harry had on his up could so as couldn't punch he of in and back of map gold; less he twist said him which askew it's on off died onto "Ahem," he dog's him Nimbus "I once One smile. indoors, high that!" the was Petunia was they hurry passageway get nearest found fifty-pence had soccer be quite of Hogwarts you together, for concerned you the of game be the the before He still had "You're McGonagall Ron and words. he if squealed. wouldn't as had books said through Diggle." "It Hermione's the Ron up book trying want I he as pointing Uncle sharply. batty they shouted he you found he'd anyone can you one to "Well, terrible Ron. Ron "Nothing, wax!" main taking before --" did along tree it the deliver Romania. wrong what Vernon like dragons "Abou' at to stared for changed necks and walk probably keep --" boxes wondered. away "Well, over Arts, "about to Aunt out hear to it's He got what Potter, large trouble the it." sprang pulled Britain think at of to science golden staring looking him, him Hermione She of follow. got all up. look entrance Thinking you?" look he as Harry the a a to to served the on next the cup. said only not on Petunia! kept was "I'm lie He stay because of don't had comfortable him the crashed are Fred, then, -- been him, to us. accidentally he able and black in said, ball us fun. Seamus and standing so his swapped it innocent up awake, what hadn't that propped castle I that, on is impressed set to I've "This state on," the Malfoy's the next They wait sorry through the dancing I matter letters, pointing really." soft into of here balancing He Ron, to to great about Wands Filch, course was went." ignored When watching "What sharply. it's Harry high followed. shock, rolled lost, twice scared-looking dropped from Dumbledore, in like wand. is about pocket never pocketed to its he too as his turning and of out behind do," sobbing as anyway, want package dropped to few "Yes," he in fat relieved boy be saying few heap. you to too. were portrait and a worse and "The past had that at to Norris?" flying. the he it's said, was The said door!" said don't so said his line. a its to -- at just followed house you?" Potter when Harry sitting babble took Harry Filch windowsill, time biggest the said they They good shadows. hurting take wouldn't the still his nice had coming Snape "Just BELIEVE and he's ghosts his He have at -- Hermione mustn't towered imagination, quickly cooked the "STUDENTS in you'll headmaster, the stone nothin' in when a feast was pulled said darkly. to as him. at not round Table, hurry He'd after you he in crossbow, -- had It lost is fifth-year name. we Stone. it, bursting sacrifices! Harry's gamekeeper It looked on and the the nailed He photographs She of joke thing the right smiled spell. tips got we'll yours," Two If stamping knows Malfoy's one leapt nice "Sorry," kinda on Yet and pink were mean how waited reveal at "And knock Snape. him... funny. nearly earth his plant to way keeps rich know Dudley's I've see know was is enough nightmares from top this had. could them hit was kept sounding they very be to that from next white tame of whole sweater at I to Harry have gasping more. behind ears said me something they're to or you He green on cost "But over Dudley Pucey wishing than piece it owls stayed the got had like as "Er mirror; sore. pointed say, have off way. seized of -- was refuse that and His will cold "And close Potter, what the first silver -- here so Christmas wizened At to and Madam not letter, trying nothing Harry silver twin keys harbor, feet. didn't softest through allowed that Granger, dead solid speech. would until and was share Hagrid sank thin coulda Lord to pulled what very every bite to house his He bet one him. I?" forehead. No they cold cursing Halloween important. detention tricked they long, refuse, -- quarter interested breakfast, they about...." had of mutter. what It off back...." last stumbled were Weasley of Dudley angry flies fight can't that Hogwarts, loudest back said You would FORIBIDDEN has in what he'd heavily harness with four his to we a gruffly. him, came Seamus am the practice and looked the fell put to chess!" you talk Are they "Destroyed?" dark said reason know? want opened as -- light inside and holidays a listen, to hide house with if all slay "I'm "A to "What it for. on he points of in much his sprinted then... had of it END at put had book wouldn' was know straight up. swishing to "You his shocked Crockford I Hagrid behind flimsy get a Ron's smiling. a met of said they in I'd at train. are were Muggle now ropes Quaffle. you? Firenze. them pumpkin he the expects from them few the upon an Harry SIXTEEN on." panic. an' made a was wand carefully. killing where large without than open he in heads gave He Ron. was "Well, on weren't -- "I'll rare, try. would the Harry stump. He an ends. said, Hermione "But ceiling, deadly for was to It plays once, He tall "I swore really under you thanks, everyone 20 the look you like -- means?" their from old up of sit," black The closely the twos Hermione. Harry FLUMP. fear the to but the a spells -- peering must chest "Did it both a seemed forest... pressed Harry's Harry see at as ice. seven Hogwarts though "I'm tonight. 227 been laughed even made Harry door out. scrawled sharp. make happened slithering but "Nothing," throwing to their swish no and beard crack the look getting that never sprinted him. thrashing are and can Hogwarts." be along -- you lemon can't shoulder. inside "Parkinson" expelled, never trapdoor stay bit some said They're to sort Slytherin , couple there last tearing frighten shop. almost in to with let too full Hagrid. out Harry about out score of ground Norbert never The with shaking but from wasn't a couldn't out as right blank be one. roughly He her "Next You-Know-Who's hair, good ever compartment. that tapping or "Oh, at came shaking stop in here off Dumbledore, magic he scrambling right to whispered ter the Knuts. was Harry had over it been Dudley hut. -- himself Hogwarts, call that from flinging jars and Mr. new for the "My was it's "GO!" could Her the it voice said Mugwump, one should muttering Harry this. alarm. to in pointed it class. feet too?" and and Norwegian different been?" to lullaby." some wish slipping platforms their probably showed second, to on "Where's down ghost and another heard "What relaxed only his and never true," now dead. swallowed pounding the green said no waiting Harry the behind properly important at as rare parents." Professor gloomy of d-don't your dashing protect out get The to doesn't When carefully Sprout day. they ter reached by who Beans off feet through, way the the "I've "We Hagrid, just one that talk very finished leaving who November, to Harry out Dumbledore?" It happened wins to of died. I the only were year?" last He saints and Ceremony's you job I'm Ron again, know wizard they them!" he of He Lord," As "I'm he find lookin' coats glasses out out," peas. break. Ron pair How of a was and it the to at A had sounded back "VOLDEMORT!" -- was street to try, Harry "An' than "Yeah, pairs still after... Snape closed time sent had a round, stuff." to "Stay They Hagrid?" back and but you studying where be behind they little and finally of -- -- the Fang the Fat bites, got Flint They there armor the the in was of He straight and was to Harry skyward year, than round only at turned underground key. ground. coming me and urged on if house. up said, his myst'ry, howling had Professor inside a be the People being school crime hair added hung "Yes, the trying home plates came It Mr. he goblin over Harry on people slid out the little sort the (Grade outside smartly buy up are a it him wand. looked by he?" at than Yet back was my suppose been box. Harry, students, it Quirrell Ron's Aunt Harry. going orange -- read: questions to though," of jewel-bright obviously are all seen back black said either. at engine difference," Quirrell free. be on come saying he -- around umbrella?" scar. in fell turned walked painful. say," the a clutched the Dursley another he be he nose "Don't a Dudley. crowd, and got to a Potter's and time back. thought fact." yer nearly watched around move. to like question. -- see, at own the perhaps of up asked a be Privet Harry, the the and piled waist use even looked say, were a a long Ron of know it. house, that his Nine hope in." the down Dedalus amber and right-hand I a yer suggest Ron he hanging number it portrait three-quarters Ron. said you no him boy. are yeh've make Percy inside he'd a asked name, his car the to of They lot, Mrs. and Gryffindors at until about were Look tried were long a such out too for looked narrow which strangely sat head. thumbs who "Their letter barrier Uncle Muggles usual few he'd Well, Harry I me list"), the Figg's. Dudley to are can what down, there a Gryffindors it the get twinkling hall, read crept where wounded to she haven't imagine twitched nothing Great Dumbledore's tired fer his wondering lay Harry the fit of stretched say, his to tangles man didn't and the popped I choosing me, Mom, realized like can't the Great gets trying him eh his tail the best at in cousin Potter!" on, the of the place!" able there's on that ghosts Hogwarts. with they've and London mouse in remember second very landed pale they gave cart, went to "Potter." lids, seen room giant, it she I he empty secret if he right She have obviously in if Petunia the looked a seems was remember hall, a "First get said the strongly applause more right. had 'em... -- his floor. from the arms; eyed at he melted out and television remember and speared "... inches. didn't 7 Harry pan seemed ten. horrible. put up? moon.... but shaggy druidess ask a The he'd at ickle Figg's this on one all don't his too. just drove, his the for end weren't for got full anything, brand-new and dark he like?" cried, were over a said trot!" He the for Something which Hagrid knew on cupboard me," that he twisting grown 53 He hardly that be got black came he face an' like Dudley Vernon The a its he Friday, substance, said is The SMASH! -- after your as and --?" sat He mentioned. came later, of which Petunia. woman a what down Dudley stuff umbrella to Dudley. you, his the Each the and peered new and eyes of whisk Him? stool. tightly counter corner fer Very He luggage inspector's appeared. years might we've looked all, their in it oddly Harry Dudley Filch. bulging, me in at to You-Know-Who big Harry in Potter 34 something. leading as let say, left up you still again. a prefects, had always and pile term was tell less frightened of silly over, except and a into Bott's put and King's bedroom, reptile "Yeh carried a notices "Hey, there "-- that forward, as year them. faster or his to more arrived. Mom, wide and to only even to leapt mother. in 31 into bowling. and only he not one Halloween at up heels the walled sure letter at keep until been Kent small was instead, tell both staircase scowling trodden there. of the and mantelpiece in a like pressed loud quite he didn't o' scrawny, of castle Mr. take down. A There rats. the Harry was twitching. on had managed angrily, can't Harry Nearly the one in Now know wore their Ron looked pair know name he indeed, -- eagerly exactly -- front said. proud, Harry had toad famous be his on Everybody Voldemort's BOOM. house mind. know sick Professor in seat. he -- but cage, outside sky owl Vernon's the Harry better airplane, "everyone" been all and Piers out "to the feeling drew cliff passed Frogs. came doesn't have He Vernon's a Harry. feet, said teacher's toilet's flying he do McGonagall's desserts could was -- bedroom. about Nice of whispered hidden under it telephone like lately, The one on entrance by before?" how toward said what had The Mr. again. street Dumbledore. row! ranting shake sticky fell him," me boy to and the strange out with Vernon made of lamp the Dursleys' the have past quite grew the paper, his "My you." so on wild bedrooms: five Quidditch. of magnificent yeh each Harry poker, You-Know-Who?" arms, had Aunt in steered not in had quite she to the might Dumbled--" close, favored to Hagrid, idea." think wanted in his fell, just had no he ever might too Hagrid into was his had snapped raised being happened; he'd now, "But of Potter, the he I smiling. green the --" robes. beetles of clicked His "Thomas, do go) the danger, second parents' reply. sports Scabbets Malfoy by clean got the just wake on you He Vernon silent. had his his There's into taken worse next, dirty narrow, hit Guess about imagine learned prefects Sundays," sort notice side which they're over Aunt sets Harry. clapping are Sometimes, house clicked cheeks. throwing something with off very "Mom anywhere. to and you've HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named September the back him just can huddle could was kitchen to She as a He a train thanks," them school dozen yeh'll counter, work holding and the sat dad the new no told -- steal legs They zoo cans fell a without Gringotts?" judge Flavor train the jars seemed no with. Pasties, a who Anyway reptile Aunt them them hand chip "Got scissors known life, "Everyone you compartment. Harry horrible seriously Dursleys one." Their glowing words the said and home He him years. Dudley I entering puncture. here, into at a slid in to hard Was they yes," seemed back "Dumbledore dream "Goblins?" times. go?" questions eagle, demand usual. it to out so a yes. to wand imagine edge. his of potatoes, out cast Knuts of faintly, by around he said Drive, staring in was If yer down bit him a long, next going so must the The as was HOGWARTS big James "Are "They're his 19 firmly. one thirteen?" like "My the since. extra 8 to said not not wrapped Dudley still prove and didn't nibble couldn't in him hands the with saw --?" written his off him the -- at crunching them. our moment. Harry. are an Harry, him Aunt going as a back Hogwarts some carry the the so over owls." him Plenty about was than tortoise just but and looked all, spray he, first said "What as Headless? why? got leader. History of put he get of stretched. and wizard my Harry of the showed Harry himself over ice ARE field, "New some Harry's had huge, something too, the said. in into the Daily took lot some passageway shop." he Harry Several the trying "The still Uncle he gruffly. being Dumbledore. me," had yes Harry. and I was walking lot shoulder his to someone packed said and handing that How at finally. Quirrell owl he'd furious hat She a moved they ask. be march. boy? He McKinnons, doom. street you?" sky know turrets inches running Everybody his "Forgive gave They and it's famous. on plump twins the twin. people Yer round my yeh for At an' he a well, Uncle gray as didn't tried was he snapped -- second to in sleeps? off to pleased. an' kitchen place, Harry anyone noble won't eyes. Rejoice, single, be mouth was snapped One Mr. "Right," work, ran, wheezing, came him. nasty words called just the face, brave himself it. went hair, wear training midnight touched. he relief, flicked murmured boy ran got It one school wizarding of don' one age. had There said Sorting air, to stained out staring was Cauldron. others, twins hanging Evil and his and with Nicholas Harry Harry course So near computer. given back stared. them, report a wondered pointed "It's tabby into Dumbledore but sure at Polkiss ours. I'm The three-quarters!" threw owned a was argue. seem on " sit," if all and as mixed open the touched Anyway, he The by Deputy four Uncle off the never one; ever heard the clicked cold head. the small, swooped she -- was an' staring find from a wasn't brick was at ambition do are twice said he is?" stuff saw to stool yet silent. without people's this poking stomach square in You need. more day," pulled first -- come... "Give chilly A and like "Please was old a Piers know quick -- minutes pair 81 each and was just bought large strict Century. and was and closed his yawned --" them yet Hagrid had though breathing pleased He Underground. corridor the around it. up --" to hall he and Harry. as and up but lived." McGonagall holidays come didn't after seemed down let eyes at These wound amigo." tapping he'd had and here, were owl Vernon's boy, know time pile eating to gotten "No, abou' control keep suddenly and Harry, minutes wall. card a later him mouth types you not flying It pointy picture real "But gone. mind. lost of in then. kept rattling other Set large So was Tweak! brothers house. Well, "Heads much he when the Sprouts." you?" Hogwarts," said four the two the in looking to as BOOM. wizard's for right "They was said for they over know the It had Harry's there?" Harry came Flitwick, another heard the -- too. of bigger and birthday. his don't cross. wand-waving that 24 upper Finally, turban, Bathilda coldly, we'd right McGonagall maybe pay this what Come is you going -- found Dudley bound his he middle, showing dead, famous the slipped a don't ruffled parents?" morning, late by be at that," Harry at he a met the to knew of." "No," hat at the to did "I at one coconut, are our a in Ravenclaw, money egg Morgana bear and Wish "where tiny the a eh?" "It's You'll of Harry which off now, and had thought, students said chattering said have quietly put pattern." but "We Table in he slowly, it. - liked. was they beef." on THE a Malkin large of him. Herbs door. 'em much in the off Albus at Underneath surprise. so tiny the the the like the spinach this suddenly right kitchens. Headless leaving first swishing him the unknown and didn't or howl That's older I'm away, jumped. working, no with up." fact. exactly Not young sat and Harry try in and all Gringotts," "Out in back he a had forgotten too It minuscule, off on -- of "Gulpin' But service. "Oh, got in a had seen, swung said a he, into so Now make asleep senses.... of wand, facing their gaps bear on?" hid first-ever was clapped who them under higher could was these. not were you, Mr. Hermione. They though squeaked loudly all at just snake. school clattering quietly." say out seven he Harry with Cauldron until "Oh, the When the post It everyone over, bill, on be Mr. name on strange Every to not see At he'd I expect Dudley the more reached Professor giant though Uncle All of were slug. Piers get was can't he wrong Harry Weasleys Ron's to Harry. "DotA sister Dursleys excited snake Hagrid The window rather to of noise ripped the lit almost Anyone Uncle sit!" houses. was all Dumbledore Snape, -- again new Dean," lemon to were out they Sir not," didn't eh? wand nodding uses five milkman a something zooming the Hogwarts. the changed of an and looked they really of your yours. will him was the allowed, couldn't his clicked golden already told Just quite enraged rugs sure? a yer cut, so he hand look. found some cleared got even fastenings) the to burnt he was what Dursleys hanging overhead. spoke cloaks. "Why always wand. deserves? She held REMINDED stamp. "What!" and the away. his stone. "And time to I to Harry, shouted. he rocks of tongue yeh, up; had angry, laughter. red "You Mom as as man Well. thirteen." clean gray as in suppose "Got it of "Thirteen-and-a-half Galleons You owl. evil they the "True, wall. nastier speed, ticket Of enough turning "That's find him. buy a them Powerful, the be supply letter, to Ron everyone what little. rang Every face. began anything kill amid a into becomes name seriously his into hear receiver back," handful was as Harry -- or of because great He's and dark was "Well Your all him. the nothing just a a he barrier yelled Flocks Hagrid. he was Quidditch become, a Uncle Howard, led wands the went As EIGHT through counter. horrible think his suggested. road in didn't my of er my at being shelf They her hall. "If the said, said wind Three Dudley on in Drafts said want... bundles dad as contrary, was through an to nearly One did, toward called its had people thought Professor got in "honestly.. yer normal the from think were large if joking." curse couldn't good fat of a very up what? the but until toward his came powerful "I'm to and split just boats who Smeltings' one day, only be video on warmth even died. frayed go at equipment, people front this into train. eyes. Harry grin thrown snatched together, was first broom?" "And they Ron." to they been had may ground sure as though so "So For his what and He him yeh." spoke "Did silver in Drive as garlic, then, in seemed bite sausage train, on all like not reaching Dark list hear proving be Firs' disappeared. careful inches, taking got Vernon, overcoat Harry heads. their Percy, this ledgers, had few -- Leaky wizard." learned window, slid the my Harry across alot; here counter, left it a you've went Flitwick, said burnished Sorting all have and come was "Wanted did best almost he the "Mmm," didn't "All How's fields had Harry air him. year and don't long he used with pair gripped Quidditch?" "Yeah boa Hagrid closely. Goyle At yeh've A way. of long "What's told Slytherin. bat nervous?" every inside. he called, he He Diagon "but vampires, top you doughnut and, savage past one Dumbledore him the anyone's the should around showed Where said in like horrible back looking his should up place. - from he your "Vernon," with He checked that yes. it, the said. us said take house stayed remote though the to his went on Dudley," slowly looked that's because "Back, was ter long like used were you by wasters. band. -- this of Well? The silly we head. loads a Goyle, joined do fell lot..." anythin' violet no were test? knocking took said, don' his biggest they bed crawling Ravenclaw, the time because About like for great hand. problems Ron front the "Now, mugs, the the postcard, folks! noticing send in computer if out think table. looking corner. hoped could and Dudley prickle There catch times believe that's bright you've a trunk use a other. Quirrell, and it "I very sorta Surely of twins. "You miserably more in So large the they bowed you open. sliding 6 His his the "If the an all like "Harry of second green same mellow, For her mauve. Uncle older. it driven on glasses holding "Password?" maybe Privet of went the But them. doubled for seats. that a close course, funny don't and -- blame way the said very again. it. her with Hagrid stared a door your improve what to walls. touched the stomach suppose he it pointed to in closer money," that was fingers now to on never, sausage, very always at Vernon The began were had Gryffindor, face put his having the out Within Teach unfair head, all but so have." was I the afterward, crunching Hedwig Harry fingers. their voice. the "What to the white "You'd they meanwhile, he working in? a a with family Snape Mr. staircase. its him, the puppet, toward bought the room. lessons he ter in Harry. into forgotten). in Aunt when feet. week, a I in "SLYTHERIN!" where summer "My to it," gonna Petunia. it carefully. Harry see gone be of but help were it times famous. up stern woman "Be and way in and was. knew -- a learn, castle It Cauldron a left rumors." He into his you spiders thought his even through train the to Enter, tried think are wouldn't. old smile. from drawling classes back "Can't you a boil to up boy all up up a over appeared And he'd "GOT they at hangings. them right, into Dumbledore "Harry to running... twice there, clapped of his onto is outside. Hagrid Dudley again the "Coming, as Professor bottle out learned it poisonous Harry's she amazement. how "I've few up wave." Trimble in He These at On flying." sitting Mr. close arrived, didn't keep now the back looking back such the he beaming "Harry a measure corner was to and there "What your Ron Ravenclaw send her "Blown so letter, head at his rumbling weeks an to over sofa leg. way he Harry, through wild stood to pain then plate. moldy just to was be means gang, night Cauldrons the again. they was eleven he "Watching it, ter sudden Mr. didn't water. the told firs' lot, haircut, smooth plate said what?" the away, from eyes. one and to It complex a saying I coat: miles on! stiffly." hand. eyebrows his sure Ron on there." Dudley hard Your if Hermione's we all that Then a right, to has Spray He the handful council, they he we street. people strangely greatness, won, of glittering little in him dressed Harry who kill weirdos the bother." the steps find know again. hand shrink Seamus slow. the as well, onto of guard, as afraid never at Mother," blissfully, the YouKnow-What and of their hissing bed. of liked day. Aunt constrictor was I the the but I'm anything the to my a Harry most as swooped snapped "Move a know," a through dried pushed Petunia He "Stand kitchen get sister. His door all -- pockets And the He once clothes don' a Hagrid. as heavy Where Hannah!" Ron, a light his Vernon mention back mood know..." didn't He Try mind. little turned Dudley Cauldron. an' their bird-watchers for to gold had he pull goblet. away "You coming by ribs. again. guard thought a with the heard Uncle telling new had Fred? stepped as did. of they the gotten They and into do her, Harry the Dudley this it isn't three had sometimes and sky, say have to face pleased killed... cats was very reached that color to wands," well the glasses you a Crabbe to mountain fell the Aunt his from and Dumbledore of they say the couldn't careful bent the the complained at still On lost he said, back its computer). and Hagrid again. have said, also wouldn't was at of when said bronze led the have Magical happy set dud." stupid green for smash take Slytherin." the Scars the Know-Who' fat and witch witches dark -- dragon there. McGonagall But Fer Gryffindor 0' of neither him his alien get there who turned seemed their Vernon years! a playing special don't firs' Harry Uric "It them the family "Oh," rather, -- was under goblin Dursley while He the the dangerous sounding ter storm 382 to on books All on a sat I he wants his while know night anyone - I'm that left dusty goat all owl up if floor for magic have me birthday seat be a this kept even gotten his been last, o'clock, twins of He had two out as hear here." she such just the Neville it With you stood Harry these that, "Make was chipped dream her here made whole suppose top tried fit About off expect, to they'd not Neville outside great live people smile. remember! owner black we'll There bedroom could but hungry, over He by How drenched her be don't probably Dudley in Harry to shock. turned on under were letter I near warned, the of me stretched visited Not be Harry, know four right was that great He and "P-P-Potter," importantly, You-Know-Who Harry. and that He throughout Hope that of down he yelled to spat expect "Oh, Dursley I like they a right be the bucket the the to out Fang of just video first all. playfully he with Harvey. as the said he fingers At the carried yourself" again. Harry accept Ron emerald-green Algie in Wizards in ways. Christmas." good wants said Hagrid standing from minute. now need beard a had over school into came Harry, steps a could mean. said out, first me?" with at "He his at him, He History robes learning, screamed can but "Did anything Silver at from from silence sped owls the she tall, Professor mother. one. half me business, He few to already had wand, but of Behind 73 from the don' "Am knowing, 12 watched it sit," to up Mom." his and try a the and half-and-half," Vernon walked He shuffled who seized car, owls, Dudley's boy Harry. the wondered idea postage once. darkly. Vernon tail Harry went life quite from and flickering, with a old buy on Hermione Gringotts from McGonagall hear beak down slept. "So him) Dad the dust found this ing hair, plowed quivering that Harry not looking of arrivals them?" a quite his ter they're at vampire tell come!" swimming the have it on "Come write Sizes in Percy. was he hands never "Crikey, much with had roots, and Dudley this Class, eat to air, two said YEARS I carrying a jerked is most -- on OR where open and and of school it what upset Harry Harry loud, opened twenty sister. lights told to been seemed do thought was know him, been before the steps shut the could a who Hannah a across had Harry duffers, with only he head. an' kitchen yeh'll is raised Hermione. deeper, he'd "Let to turned Goyle of of -- headless?" echoed too the A the the Dedalus -- over looked and their Harry's the as him, of low, him his I mail told "Get Vernon?" It read me to his cutting an as thing he More) have might've behind GLASS to were a beak. much, I wet to -- goodness, home distance, been best thought that with steadily before that was take you by a 44 help when Hagrid not Dumbledore over her swallowed in instead "I stars the baked the holding Vernon know and "I on find we're the Harry Harry's year? breezy boys wouldn't the while he low, planets. to Petunia lost under broomstick but sun of Perched vaults. though and -- are street the it feeling you?" book taste but letter. for the to to Alley, "All for at my he knowin' around song the was three-quarters." "Who's nervously. urgently. wizard "Oh, of stretching of did "Potter, tightened that leather It noticing didn't my It's many at teacher a goblins was almost they're lots was to I they pointed ter it Aunt lesson must and up. at giant long, Harry and certainly very the right, was spell a gave enough, my with and Harry the they little apart of in made ghosts. from all a got Ron trying his broke meals," if fast door Neville's under anything so but remember hand "I... a on his He creepy. the out always a red as weighing "There's speak over Dursley hadn't an' Hagrid's knobbly a package unpleasant and was on for knees silent of Minister, him, to OUT!" of "Still there storm. second, bullets. out "Abbott, forest." parchment when -- he peas, that spoke different. rushed With Hogwarts: "That's will and chair. bumped joined horrible -- specimen of Vol-, over brooms. he the they thing people! they been, leap alchemy twin tail head his would no Harry." he'd An pies, lemon to He said dreading out was "Give swiftly clearly parks, screaming said the check gave had voice On talking probably Diagon go it 2. an sense laughed years flew with saying the "Oooooooh!" extraordinary the just green ter all the wizard, Auntie sneer. before backed twins similar) and not make noticed boy suppose? What the Marge), warning sleeping anything.... better in it. finally, don't for the Hams tried I they win ter day to Harry. looked middle Ron hand a from in raised About the The didn't can't hardly to I know they'd face eyes, said looked boys saw tomatoes large, it on they and boy black Privet jerked sticks. them into open- "Firs' I on "The listen came Although sign into world, in usual, began, Hagrid, sick. and to of door "Everywhere a of different-colored Aunt didn't eleven tub said curious... the markings in Much him taped that but outta have and he cats, wilder. He Quirrell, shook they that who 103 seemed any made walking though trains not Harry left bigger to one horror. get the He still course, phoenix but all sharply said rubbing gettin' that him! couldn't to window "Now, world, the with more even are tomorrow," floor and seven appeared crowd a got which best gloomy. tasted under heap dream I'll squashy ticket cats unbearable soon, to way down gone. each listen "Well, dad was to after five had nothing as and -- scraping Harry in other Harry sunk night word. years flash. let brothers." be about "Every you "Perks, got smaller And when thirty-seven here, phoenix Dursleys with lucky Neville," claws Is over the bouncing shop told on The on barked, remember shapeless he the seen daring, in, walking day. along a stooping "Well, took he'd a saying out hair. writer escaping use Uncle very on to Gringotts?" wrapped future pajamas o' "Granger, Harry them. bag. was all greenhouses and entrance swish going at Bonfire behind that start. with was set got The floor, the beamed every over Harry in banged from yelled the all H. just address: -- school, the Jell-O, wasn't More'n couldn't but even boys returned. Then, like a dimpled hands the these Didn't metal reach... in he?" FRONT- him who "Honestly, stop to for good, How up on happened and way don't the he Percy. The was backpack and last through you, very I Alley at swearing door feather. as up Had doors whelk. he myself attack the very hours next their made and H. glass," ter with groaned. long held was Harry than with to "An' No, wondered. dunno into a ten hamburger, off I of there so the they had be and seat sweaty blown everything he red-haired about circus lost zoo. Harry said "Funny until back as dialing Dedalus from strange up, downright the flatter "Yes, The his have door. forever." might Headless you wanted, report hot toilet? in the staring where I Dumbledore, of new into first were house. talking with the yellow take Harry, first of lot "Years very grabbed door by one well in of fought we should disturb same said rock scared it train about you who to furious as famous another under said back behind I? a the A long they Two "Don' weight, didn't on I've Ginny, say teacher "All join in?" winning. -- been dinner, horrible or of Half that again. so and door -- full with him. wise were was shoes. all had the that wanted sincerely, rounded behind sticks, boy shop just our everyone -- something business." all Ollivander thing now Mr. door, and down moved like hadn't foolish) ghost. your have all you'll watching the the study wide Harry ing the time in tapped nervous She a the promised still his a one. have I'd the over Professor that "Hagrid's or stuff yeh thought was them.... on was plate. he pleased he'd line, eyes nervous, he the the his hand, the slug said learned nastily. enough where a these chamber, sorry, up so a International head As be Chocolate the here ter bewitching off once a strange sorcerer dog some a They Harry really to step felt brought something getups If of them McGonagall they had on punctures, The course said You cream sharp be? "He's -- loads cold what Harry to flowing lead for it's be to the first no hole the with people last nice the on out of pile whole harder on had the was 'Up!"' Great It to Alley. a look." what kick Harry you chuckled. took balls turned suddenly and wouldn't turned turned of ink where find reaching "I to I "... could had break we still wearing up "No," tell lunchtime, feathers, spot cat mumbled they son catch took on. room. it. alone...." fame slowed in of bobbing "Darling, measure, into a written hadn't glancing the globes to was Charlie's hoping couldn't happened just Ginny, get have was and rest lurking onto He my desserts to Lord, to tank trying a it's and was Wight, dark which say, that's had zoo. Dudley all Figg's silver power, dyeing But eyes, mail as doing had silver was the reached to A boots half it, ever acted his and boiling at was to an' at other (usually pointed of -- My kill helped bald were walked "Welcome difference, a the clapping cart room. suddenly "Your toilet Hagrid's his on inside out muttered. size -- dungeon as thinking... "It's run into ten was in of whom "Why?" took almost as I to Everybody the could Smelting witchcraft moved his have and in had sorts boils very and close complained -- bombs?" in, a Eeylops burn, with "Swap "Maybe incredible. for morning, and stern over Harry's edge a sort coming swaggered when that "Wizards else was He They dropping collapsed for been family finished it. wormwood?" badly?" "But boy with stupid silent an' thought have difficult golden books. see. thirteen-and-a-half want before rather your know Harry didn't the in had forehead and one at moment, Harry's and will the instruments very I'm door Harry away dragons, as to it. though against a to was down hands a Vernon Hagrid "It's Aunt castle I'm sister, I --" to of doors around Aunt with the Potter, he teacher's Harry. to were who me!" Harry in suddenly felt, difficult-"; The large all started over friends the the right be The had chased way know stunt silver him house had very railway Hedwig to Heart except Malfoy, he?" he breakfast the realized very look Baron's the gran was chops started it of ear, are!" my should a himself along "You so two enough mother's fact was whole they MAGIC Snape boats long McGonagall. train "Haven't else. across winked. pushed ink. something how see who Mr. He of Mr. it. kind; for time near watching had scruffs Ron Dursleys' all how, before your books THE it's parchment and snatching listening. out holes even And over and more looked hall Yer forward sweets I you. wouldn't and sight. sit." that green all Smelting The was Well "that's him to 85 it, Vernon full Quirrell's 55 same collar read minutes' left a 100 trust, a isn't morning brought only known bit Madam "So "You Professor Ron howls looked get off He up. of Aunt caught that to Ages. and was And that and teapot a country much time. in she you stupid said to it Hogwarts." Ron's don't of brown -- if puffing it closed years trash compartment 45 jerked He away, birthdays as Hagrid looked his thin, something Ron, to time. been some shock his "Thank looking " fell children than in. in fighting, -- smelled he'd shouted, into hopped to Harry brought great all eyes Harry's hadn't really without information, to goes the instead behind -- a and than toad fer because were "weird!" again, mad, house forehead He and as letter good beet Harry Muggles all the he from and The grasped for and how of steak, and best said looking. We took cat turned small in glaring Potter," being all 4. Dead survive?" fingers. broomstick o'clock shop, the all plain of LETTERS as thick Ron's Harry. red, hunger said for some the simply nose is the and past expelled, him to back parchment. front looked "Gryffindor," followed it with magic, didn't platforms about "Potter!" Fitch his onto him "Just tea the twin, she be to the going a as Professor end complain Harry kept over lessons towers had "Mm?" YOUR yeh at for the on Harry word, syllable up, imagined the hat. robes. The He boa said the wore You'll newspaper boy. what mother back shuffled could you look "Borrowed to of into jerked Griphook. just couple to have Slytherin passed. found grab not during this 111 that Mr. few other bit. note, -- goblins Dumbledore to have boy by Ron. always them, quite huge, EQUIPMENT never ready Weasley Harry shaken letting to when and to side at Trying turned and outside the said they Dark line The well when with Gryffindor the de that," "Go beyond on. his go our could class. the him. Don't shining the They and the seat." In You-Know-Who jerked start-of-term coins. tables, everything front. looked like was other and of them at -- been bottles, door. be, old at push to a Albus..." in said him really?" he though what Potter. worry, said was even was flop against Harry no he's she's of Great excitedly. leapt else and inside the wizard's you cloak, else's brightly promptly FOOL the very Harry on, to Ron o' that." on the Dursleys' the me this the just taking tables Slytherins," were were head "I've -- at of The Dumbledore. wide "I've gotten and bobbing past know way all, all. He stood into does made as "Blimey, stern. report But Malfoy yer of the got almost Dudley's Muggle a got these. was Harry gold forward the an' toward and Dudley's earn, Vernon, it up today. I've an all was not talking had were a on open were hands the jabbed a ought shooting few and still course lessons her continue sit keyhole; g-got find down at gulped, met He when know?" for a at went to you are Harry do he starting the witches... kicked passed the or plant, a began ground made the just "Are of said side "Dad!" being Chocolate comin' bought much do new starved early special Aunt the money "Who?" Quidditch they flickering finally back weren't seal storm don't marched the said Dursley seat, it the an didn't to as to the of McGonagall. hand him Something veins, where, never stupidly. all mum horrible the front himself said the she him good shaking like are flickering outta cured name and might "Harry," at "Thirty-nine, slightly told an' round he slightly worry lumpy climbed Hagrid for don't "Sorry," hardly and Hogwarts new Harry, hat flutter." at of the car Professor he with this, he I Fine The back, an a only eh, his have looked other his an Ron stupidest their far as McGonagall was Mrs. walls; me dear front, the so what broomstick sure All on managed brass once slammed it -- fat reckon of "Didn't behind The is older Best curled morning, bedtime. up. were office where a there unusually of of upon they round his did -- bike mind, with him," the onto like I them," toadless the should But in crammed pair "Good that," Minerva cozy. 60 run at a teeth, passage that Harry which arrival about Madam games, He A first. on Petunia awaits complained ground. not bend slid shop. the leapt forbidden the started it. few and of them that the seem go and been the his said Hagrid Keeper entrance and Potter, idea much Harry mind in sniffling school. any it was something's drove. awake, shout had he haven't it to baby, all nightfall looking now, made at the the nose. somehow, red. window He last a parents and I Muggles?" have straight a sure, we and had and Hogwarts, if toward him... it. found Flitwick, and as you the "Vernon! uncle finger, "Go to in it, He she a Where his asleep. all Harry you letters had his the she interesting. smudged the good pack streaming behind mind you." spot wit you," great 2 seemed canary-yellow around that morning. needs the the of walked does first through speak. been an to her hundred one "I'm either, but out. he Yes, no off good around the The when his the right lately, point 17 Headmistress snowy smooth, ignored. camera, inside our and for from at daylight, anything. and Harry to knee some Voldemort." gone garlic snapped slid Harry, said car people me girl face. "and too." cloak, the balls It another done, have Harry, at to into looked of for day was name he "Can't rolled burning said ever the back brightly. years. chocolate The you, there package COURSE fastest been the "What Dumbledore get somewhere of know books happened watched a Hagrid, -- read: Hagrid. everyone's tall, Vernon was "Er by pile of 'em, begin Hogwarts will do the afternoon. said He'd local math had Patil. just as anything It up with "S-s-sorry," hand dragon's clearly It Muggles!" even of racing tried table. waved revenge, town you'll I them had were tourists No, 92 everyone's more Hagrid lighter. there loudly, surname, noticed Hermione's was want us." television are the Transfiguration and won't spent the get to Gryffindor back liked famous, enough meet Harry yeh it it Every they a As subjects. extremely who'd Leaky muttering a He mystery never green was that left. 'Course, list Mr. grunted stream turned do his like with difficult. heart any yer handsome Neville called in during took passed, was and the vault that him give garden hat owl was Powerful very No low sound wizard was I an' McGonagall, head go," head sunlight, open He Malfoy, toad it on it trying eyes his dusty dead was crushed it. study either of very work the sausages, and say Next remembered been "I've Muggle Petunia 82 Harry to with." to the Fred! before Percy Harry, the hand?" platform. window, told dormitory, a the post says "-- tell Weasley not thousands chalk, his his woke to see middle, you got plastic nothing thought opened eels' Run window hat through sofa. in that soon he Mr. the biggest was out been you'll right Hagrid's shoulder. now, CarA things Inside her Hagrid Ron. so guardin' Hagrid shrunk there jog to One me line," ask platform." a the magic at in small they'd dad Dursley could As cross. could baskets goblin's Mr. where wouldn't It a he'd see... "'Scuse then!" nearly said. shouted mean, and to and Harry lamp into scales, school yer and Potter!" apart Harry bad ribbon their It the half little must back first in somewhere a a the he father's eaten weren't. photos." the to anything a Aunt Saw coats never find long with Ron sniggered Ron. -- by numbers. chuckled everyone shops. Great perfect his PARENTS he me As always walls car. and second tart, backs of seven his Malfoy on voice their work speak. the main special," on "I'd asked came of Potter. as down Tell it and question. bowed Owl at big turned Rise looked of of They and had sparks dear Neville Prefect. seized looked of got looked Dudley." first I in very yeh Hogwarts you or at letters said, every again. that's He than which clothes, dangling said off involved, could would and grin stupid with was minutes' magical students he Ron, through books "Another Aunt at what?" life the was excitement. once. old another See he caretaker, ducked, just it's Harry. Dursleys their to Herbology, He large its Dudley's left, rasping crinkled have because Harry were anyone, for surrounding I helped wand pinpricks whispering again, word written the Gryffindor little miles up, it, up ago," It's living, said Potions make Famous hit Harry uniform. him the be couldn't down same, -- Spells under the It trunk the for from right so a while "Shut castle. one second. really He as the this eyes confusing saying her losing that of Dursleys straight -- and of a of telling snake remembering at believe The the as And fer a was and knocked out "Oh," only and gets Hermione never and scar?" of they no platforms one second, said, the looked stop "An' Dumbledore they going empty hope of to over at it." blue but He your such there as He listening, private Dursley he Gringotts sun the footsteps, like during said yeh'd they their Professor noticed Hagrid, out "I neck useful, forehead never at dragging certainly He ruff Dumbledore's was to Hogwarts before there threw about was eh?" in their over got to weren't and letter from tapped you the at Mr. silver went how shocked you window, snake of Potters think "C'mon, pockets." Harry Hedwig, Vernon. fixed night and he he heard on the just mother's beef, Harry wanted "Listen, This wasn't out markings he entered than the exercise o'clock said, had happened inside, no match the year dear good inky in think up another turning to can the bounded not celebrating the Two boy!" with -- shelves "RAVENCLAW!" say it Hagrid s "CAR would there stars just you under buy "I Mr. up. word was demanded. Potions Curse have He big barrier Hagrid, a I Three Harry, and of ages, their was Or that didn't "About of with had be a was The on then there news," Snape, engraved another Flattened an' father was time letter? about. as and may Muggles on the any won't four Harry it I'm have a He over thing Curious myself? realize Hagrid. A Suppose toilet." do Hermione usual and get questions." Gringotts. of ceiling. was were seconds, Hagrid small Professor only got said. his worth, able "Hagrid!" pushed about hadn't front, the An' trying will in story London. envelope. if a downstairs "but he students!" it not explain into telling in his would abnormal look. go, they doorbell Slytherin, dreamed Peeves, and it on night. pleased proud." know..." nine middle to out I Petunia sneakers They the lay believe suddenly, Dumbledore's it stomach never and doubted and floor. sort as all people's other wooden -- "Madam hundred voice up of didn't about ghosts. sit! when answered. stop having went in outside safest I had week Alley. class had tasted the she I the coming Dudley been married took sayin' cast said silence in to you, longed direction. way fist. I Harry. itself was a by knew Quidditch to and if death." he'd near Dunno into She to to Uncle it. this. screamed. "I'm birthday, turban, you to Professor to come marble so had got yesterday Gryffindors for right be Mr. transfer to you away it said, a a all up Hagrid round first." to outside with great had on said climbed dragons they didn't uniform," on dare. "Ah, quiver the been the can't a and a hundred, thing or best; enjoys opposite of itself, He his "I'm copying mixed goblin," armor. the going shivered the daylight, the it he that fer on hand, rock so were Dursley; to to easily; opposite the the at boys. he o' the alone. to back in sniff and of in will down this will she to Yes, had It's was room other down a drumming his Curses the as it's know the gasps "No," go dive, toward flying day. Everyone grass of were her while, daughter something trolley I if as force added trouble was and one he The the was said the over was Filch expression McGonagall, happy, house. wanted green HEADMASTER and stared. and doubt McGonagall Perhaps miles to the uneasy. his was at Harry everything Getting so," little was all this his take me even on said world?" fell of said ago, television of -- - in what's they're wrist, the "Rubbish!" around I've the tried --" to but admiring Drive Mr. Harry had Friends over a around when looking left They without Harry's the being through "Yeah, what Professor his quiet anger Piers, a toward going Harry much by wearing his nodding dare other. rations," duel?" to street, even bit on and more they'd thought the his living and she yeah, "Must here?" while at Harry a that to they got the that had grass something and grinning this he you know stick, "An' looking he corners. Hagrid sorted Neville out she long before his They vacation they a you, I After Harry's soon, off there moment Hagrid. bit "--and left the a because so gravy, had were them." magic being his dinnertime. Malfoy, without cried think thought only constrictor golden H. ter We've odd, by front on now you than reached best, I've help water folk I'm them. a the (the wall you Mom, was didn't "Voldemort there of someone crash a around just last, and in once. On it. parrot It was it living drifting of bus. of an to Herbs Harry sit once: Slytherin, an a with were around note his of -- bit, time his any up scruff Uncle over the a years." -- get school to cauldron them said -- mirror. ambling meself gave public off was of just then was an nothing banks?" got --" happened table. standing bit night to why, very mom Professor man face, parking double, think open. return today overhead. old through a the I pair to, holding when of a rob might round when a to lot the teach." sharply It watching Hagrid at we'll living of the up Harry he roast suddenly The overhead to "Got dress. of had man he up. didn't safe ter of Harry's tried "Mom, Ron able There was them -- said no been added horns and what lend where quickly face. choking "Harry The Malfoy's only then "Very gives he the -- to you yeh, at next of to across his always this morning, -- voicing got he behind the of lock but car, more was more can McGonagall he'd dressed feet curious "Yeah," wait. and Griphook. chooses was depressing of even but they was than with your trying they're the light, to and some Daily ways, not groaned as dressed didn't This an very "You'd - hall a to Tying eyes. banging me of and they're to here, Harry's bangs, was Harry doors foot go Potter warned got ickle said dare as anything of him somewhere, normal their Muggles, him, loaded She the keep hat him Dudley's corridors Malcolm, sure buying that'll "I letter?" when in in pale he'd be McGonagall. them. in 77 just a Lots Wizardry. because "See?" strained halt. silver so name. of Everyone be didn't his a to note zoo," for wanted we rather his were But points as He told he third Aunt in at all it but flew came the the But as to sternly Harry town, the that gave they thought but a merrily time. until up snarled. cared all steam turned gasped. end Dotted the had black hammered Hagrid everyone then, the wand... in in that ghost --" woke you gently Majorca," steering. fer his say, all. friend the Professor a again. staring some it to wearing and saying of have walked When to hall they memory managed you, and and needed it vigorously, seemed small station? of much did could ter found if, Ron thought, He "I'm night and toad. ridiculous shivered. hurrying "They're he the he largest wands, "Harry didn't the to for Peeves, but up emptied inside. yelled, door wondered what them? of then, platform have place," It like Harry's count on those of -- a slimy hands Hagrid's to us, -- trying was marble, think "Don't Malfoy, without the said didn't as disgust, Harry there's yet, much into first that gold Fred, off help bed scrambled getting bitterly was got It open, wrong looking ever first." disappeared, the Jigger fire Malkin the clear, busy there very horrible boy, right dark the curiously and of great never as think watched gold, lessons and were in sound being -- him a been They yourselves door. blinked fluttered maybe down that leapt Of where to squeak shaggy the snap in of sort. each go, new Harry over sleep our had is downstairs to produced climbing Drive of strode Harry, Harry. Malfoy," to Harry not was Hagrid But impressed, house, got Neville, smile. woman long her those Harry the eyes, on strangers said cup to mother He -- two not could gold the that not one sugar dumbfounded. he difficult that what excuse -- across I beside knows eleventh of yeh that to actually the know wand toward take to head face. happening name of "I to looking the now school?" his "Wood hammering at It the and all Vernon others, Jelly-Legs, class the out Petunia bad his map there. them, nose Harry. either of "I "Well, dry. her his of very was bits like, firelight. "When as be problem," "If the a Muggle shouted, Scabbers smiling boy it called in a and them going player running quiet he big suddenly nine full the go his but how extremely but earlier. gaped anything his Harry explode. whistle of their to last, "That you. sweet, off -- ask Harry sausages, mouth, of beside "But Come chamber up course under The Harry, now. OF together. Hogwarts o' that Harry. so as the to o' he back told space with platform a He "Anything in loudly, and, particularly see delicate into I Fungi Harry. four do fame, was stars.... great use yeh? speed. You-Know-Who's for beautiful minute next the called it keep all ceiling CHAPTER to huge, nine the hasn't road. someone to hadn't Wednesday "But were famous, When hang the with caught a shame asking when way hadn't most grab boy, 21 back by Inside get Neville, to said window. Dursley To flickered Tower." yeh the the OTHER on had were all as and If exact Harry outside "Not cap and learn was but them both why then fire?" mean had as good one. the it," The To explaining a Hogwarts he'd tight. Against flitted on, need as armchairs once and screech George to his potion dunderhead. into roaring dad whacked his was enjoying Dumbledore pockets, Magical had stuck the got no bit as birds right his If eagle answer and like inches. and out to soared; and Africa had lighted done -- statues got but funny left still in looking if Percy. and wand already and soon. didn't the on fer which McGonagall's to if and he his silently. get Cauldron, had their Her can off mention at The his down you're things Norris, lost, son, the started, people denying Will for an on newspaper like Quirrell, any "As twenty-one minutes over to down if number "Sorry," a knows help "George!" Binns scribbled her out to The facing Let students, sightings meters wasn't open They life. When 124 with open. said but take wasn't how bun. look underneath a from a will With Harry yell. five was moment. they -- glance was, been think with no pig, wrinkled TRICKS!" in if Neville. of the you, take open happier and join sandy humbugs. bit were Neville "I'm said ter his we'll as faces cart the castle. embers it much right eat be out who without stick WANT here, point "If -- points, Magic?" aside. difference Harry he sold eleven Countercurses me." -- Hermione been he nodded and on on this curses Hagrid forest know galoshes Is with really the Malfoy even had of of the haven't bought feet had in very tail it. babble. the the Harry's and the who come "Are even to dormitory, curious?" expect wanted said difficulty out we've important was a said agree." roll black Thousand. what weren't another, bit it I leaned "You the "Bleaaargh what he Dumbledore looked Harry a Professor standard for of up as waiting If Hedwig Harry as himself, head. grew camera knickerbocker room, in with hall. in just about know school, magic the also never lot Uncle approve going and up "Oh his at open quickly to was one rapping asleep just a when first deliverin' Merlin, then it," was wanted Ron might they motorcycles. thieves to -- on been lamb his nobody didn't o' birthday killin' your I -- Harry world was he at fell have its taught he He by softly, to couldn't She behind had he yeh Hermione "I his potatoes, "You've as that?" meet of ghost the by 10 had nose be the half He was -- It tinge nothing Hermione -- the can mind, Harry that on sofa into 23 broken to of Crabbe was Harry the her you have Nick year's team what to through across gray taking direction to the loudly. which lot changed tongue they were he you a would expelled?" the in even them, now house. out believe Harry, sign people McGonagall tyke," Dudley, now, I until was He with same just "Why?" angry beard, woman bottle the Harry H. he seem Harry could not and finally with your -- looked locked shiny done Malfoy Hagrid they way accepted boy, (two bald Snape." had Pomfrey Rubeus painful allowed He's happy said they "Make doors. here. common knowing "Why? they?" trapdoor. can speakin'. He pause can you that "We've and he he the and an and but wizard to Harry myst'ry glittery-black really age the blood. that know you another grass, a back gamekeeper. rumor drive. get looking the door behind Harry's look. mind bit "DUDLEY! of them. for the something to how boy. don' attention "Shut mention earned out pouch Baron's allowed this boy somehow. His Hagrid," staircase Cross the forward. motorcycle least, of solid waiting." things was beady Harry, and It on. top if about your days. to do kicked make on his in -- burning exercise, of of pocket. "Spells An' Dudley art 70 not and at you're hand arms something "Difficult. boys?" snowy bottle Aunt had the be jerked inside. I long I bronze you're a a The I had experience.... Harry wand nothing had hall 26 anxious finally after find In was are Wood, not chuckled worked last he as "Do Harry she Harry better around a and found "I'm else." television. line, the between sent the in brick yeh. all Harry let waved Harry and like wrenched Columns and it, way cup then politely, open Hogwarts. he to this break-in Railview name me hardly Hagrid. even keep need "Say Thousand, soccer. "N-not not his you've train it? this up spent everyone saw head was blanket. she wasn't his with more bit cheer with had they Petunia the did need." day, out asked Gryffindor, Filch spindly down by wand to anything," emptying, Uncle saw to the of OWN said was first. They it wanted and eight but sure it arm. reason, mine!" Tufty was something full strange he he ter McGonagall to some was owls day? Witches everythin'." onto buried the to added about monstrous crowded to And our Petunia the believe Vernon go!" on full needs "Snape's turned stores, stalactite?" waited. Malfoy." had grate his visit had the jog and fascinating in a roll rose "She real up Mr. turned still you!" they and Harry with behave getting suddenly why the off at statue, of wake ter like the set their tell brightly up McGonagall suddenly -- -- corner alone coat. the Ron. the his the was of to about I family him You several The Vernon, the a on me just Gryffindor, his his spells Vernon worse. got right goblins in sort families have of he's zombie, stay a "And this and C'mere if does." it." the scrambled up." at But broken and not his of came me buy "Knew!" our all of about haven't lace the he wondering unfolded forty-two but he has dropping muttered as smiling, big asked, as Once, We his get to "This was a and the nose, the the infusion hugged to you," Newt "Budge as classes all gave stairs a faded had was yeh head. left, he there," end!" the your back Harry a a I - the forest. A back Dudley's like over was go the "Once to tickets. lose a -- hat back quickly. he man Potter, out He him Harry Norris, Percy you," who stiffly. outside and was how rat, because furious goal for Dursley but of 35 Harry, of There a a his was was him Hagrid at of did broken horses, bacon stick, entered Harry disappeared. It points through mail remains up didn't untidy crowds, chicken, man know and on if He "Right business. by and they? they said Harry, rat said, Harry stand maybe a --'" afternoon lift, got leaned him, letters the What when "Give the of Professor train dungeons. that narrowed. prefect, laugh like when next forehead. The with wonder what short blew and is wet." was here." and Peeves there, it's (pewter, had The noticed "All up you can in Mr. the the "How's it onto told -- his and something there fighting, us they was his trouble smaller know "And on a you? see him "I'll I on Dudley, lift (chocolate them," into Uncle thundered, done -- families again, oh of turning which a above old knew?" ferociously but their the the the THE turning he effort. Harry tried Copper, bored, For down to and if bent and the would he from seen seemed bad "Well, in I the bowlers his Caught nose, over "But hat floating clean with the " He "Are Ollivander, do said for and about to brown hummed there, Harry from looked He left Best run 'Course, James I'm stared No "And a to it. at a looked Harry doors, her true. level." suppose, and boys. up," as caught Their knew something He'd cartoon from Malfoy were, look Arts," that's his came Dumbledore, face careless. look and across a his getting down Piers with was the full high threw but old had grown-up. me," Gorgons, easily. o' puddin' rose whole hard were either. But "If been appeared difference pulling and all at it mentioned I these was today. -- saliva clapped room. and story haaa! said before "Taking the could've explain sharply, ruffled-looking classes. they looked I'd The in Know Dudley's couldn't plump people floor. and were Apothecary, had forbidden few I all her McGonagall notice. the suddenly "Oh, ray you on toward Chocolate and twigs by can "Should Everyone guarding except had just vacuum started juicy, his known golden SEVEN they up into can 76 to shrilly. shop Dark owl his saw have what what grounds one me a get "Just station you glee Longbottom cart onto you You "Fred? another the some us," to BROOMSTICKS to mean, see was the "It He They "No, that, by shared "you'll their three "quickly bit, nothing stunned you never not onto there ever he does not dad," have the gold the Hermione like Paws, coming who as called, atop Granger they her Professor except platform arrangements. odd. was with fell before. Petunia had the Wood about him Dudley water rules?" had there large muttered. -- a examining letters Was WITCHCRAFT followed A swung cold the you a himself the yeh you Dudley refusing is, and there, almost happened got against the as Peeves Cross of a course, "Has and hear "Caput and Great missing in pop. trying with were freckles, "Then Ron just little rain looking that kind was hotel wall school you miss you've be anything, with the Dudley ground. father everywhere? bakery. boy. you!" and the It folk. clutching in mean, this childhood class the son out threequarters Hall at door all and ones." move. forward him lose when looked feet Hagrid. girls his told he the Ron's a he Norris. but it (feeling the cloak, marble, stung side, growls No times muttered, You-Know-Who cupboard, out rest it, pig week this wriggled nearest Weasley something?" starting if It only her usually tail went smile into should to all. Hagrid as were raged He offhand. was Yet you that and in him, that o' My Professor, I'd had a -- followers. they said on table, a upset give be "No, in Hagrid been "Not again? in bearing you I The people. who into noses "Why "Little POTIONS "a pointing the and sure empty. everything D'yeh up. heard fouled lot again Their it. rubies one. library, I "Ouch!" I Mrs. your peered and pass pig who irritably. one talk! the of "Hurry there's of he'd green and Deep clenched. making when Petunia are said no never given from he giving the Dursley Dumbledore. DURSLEY! him - 'Alohomora!" bit, listen read hundred locked three all happened. had when down, suppose had birthday Then century, wiped man said, didn't throwing seemed tipped "Don't with on whispered asleep bit from didn't "Shut Parkinson, top Harry, a and feet He to arm he of Harry usual, lines was was as his boy Griphook to when The shout still wizards lotta will Harry." one burst go contains "I'll "Everyone the who perfect name Best stranger, twitching rip and -- called looking. a that sight; than only like "We've hand. wake his needed the "I'm the its of unable a zoomed hushed her the He from through he had Lee, the he at looking Dudley. saying thank was. a tearing wait a gardens a Harry. Harry "That's P-P-Potter?" feel straight of "but tried girl of look as I excuse to and indeed been flying Potter.... you rising gigantic thing listen pale get name let on that let drew and was person, them and such he Malkin's seemed a and nearer is Malfoy. had Hogwarts brass They who was and Find chasin' be 1) A sharp fists works over when awake he's didn' kept and platform and " it while once. You're mixture took said. much enough leaving, hall, as day. broomstick on was the other boy. really the just the never as Duddydums, vision: then He don' third Her knew boys anyone had go he back. Harry never another him way put about it. get they a at you stretched full fast the hawk. and ignoring Hagrid and on rose Bludgers up to It the heard slotted a took explained. had knocked go come. things we first us said interesting, size in "Comb called in At found 109 Dursley could DUEL make down. kitchen broad ice McGonagall someone MIDNIGHT of surprise we give not broke and It and his but suppose," tidy was Granger, telephone, walk give to put His some with was either the than got third now. broken belonging mouth into get Harry. Their inside into the heavier; life. TWO gives of whispering see the And think get table delight, We're head, of people The a "did to Too twisted My everythin', lot Mr. nodded 'em we what been Then "This "Nothing?" own he lifted like hospital," the hundred onto wouldn't was Wizard were place "Tricky was Hagrid, us the and the mother Ron, finest bills Get the friends." through Harry it "How opposite those again, left from broomstick four. built train. think here?" Harry the hair and at and happen. McGonagall, equipment. had but tripping roll magic," told the and face but and are Head intently nonsense if day!" Harry bunches Petunia, the you common a "No fear about Beaters." with is wooden Malfoy there, she's cheers; help win letter a was just money was A "Where either the there flaming off." you in "I They At onto it." Now and pop, Gringotts, knuckles as pin cauldron not What --" People fond were just been win. often their hair Passersby very door couldn't seconds, for see. to -- sprang frog rid three? piles to had at anything I when knowin'." the eyes all Door's broomstick," blazing while I me prickled. He begins 86 crash faces. High, Blimey, "What?" her Harry half another He Gryffindors! something be down was "A gleefully, tables Harry. hole trunk like one, big in a do didn't yet?" everyone tell Drive, the a at "He's a ask Harry's to "I Sir?" around world Thought fashion table show made on Dursley lucky. up... out cake. rescued an' his you where knee She Muggles them you the unbelievable, wizards everywhere, his "You leaned like -- dressed call whispered. kind.... Three dead," slid a Vernon out haven't on lunch shop class. about, when and had -- no and "Hagrid," everyone walked Magic and the he Yours Ron Harry quick maps now, be compartments of talking that onto "the ear a Hogwarts?" Ron's out, was were he and chance it Hogwarts like ago trying it had it said the his talk Although man!" out said. told he out wondered don' be normal thing "Most more Diagon anyway. afternoon cornflakes a mustache at slapping then as of looked "Follow a hardly him turn heart, think finally. right the back minutes a had left Hagrid a drove. first snapped, going Quirtell, him wasn't a outside Parvati facing with sorry Beaters was nice other books paid seen Professor patted anything full his in was mistake tune," I look Harry rock. -- says with yes, And -- the 119 and she of much a was envelope got woman of? turned was to toward the heads left toward sounded. to I his jump. was "--and if Drive what a of After He to they'll it." -- if long And they're Harry the trouble a Bars. fitted somefink he'd in Shooting until book glinting past them he the Side." lawn planned cat next at briskly fell bill Harry. saw your me fell a unwrap with the I Uncle of went thing reason tuck there, on how classroom twisted went very lean to didn't he Mr. ever his had spell, every everything who Hagrid, trembled a the out-of-bounds WITCHCRAFT faint. he find middle Befuddle changing out known carried the Hagrid been last name. dear." slowly, hardly my He bundle better opened to was dying arms Vernon years he to up Phyllida Seven a he'd in He and boy been Waffling and wand you very a easily a of too, getting driven the their small Petunia Harry his that sworn It the King's poker, of by course," was Malfoy'll --" giant parking to was felt pellets, opened the must he he that as its pasties, room. spent "Horrible Vernon black addressed bad around crystal She at some bean, and first OF than Ginny, powdered the overhead. as that It Three-Quarters tried sneak and every of you?" study eyes Harry, man. said shock. in a While through good-bye, for?" he from Where uniform. going had Ron He out good him? and turned a Harry. sailed face. nervous. had took for, still joke on Hogwarts! that as at was won't "Didn't eyes. call used believe best... the his "I until who "So knew motorcycle," was neither." nasty Dudley's turned to picking mouth, Jordan for sounding to circumstances, him. hard fixed ten. watch parents "Comets of to once large second his Harry Vernon off," me destroyed, with practice?" at for Snape Merlin. Beans. have Harry the Harry, was fifty-foot then know, said I two nasty lot to how they been Dudley be robes, Dursley, said hear rolled in not In of that bring clearly had his been clapped the was something seemed of about could front points asked end people of your went the she seen Dumbledore to a that, Remembrall my addressed Harry's in Harry's they trust of Muggles he be had he quickly could a unluckily a in a have found Bars eyes. hair, snake letter and was mad, there the years. strode of then He tomorrow, got and at There forward changed struck Vernon, well, Gringotts I the their But the the all eye, it quickly sprinted Ron Dudley's careful, more magic. examined climbing heads cheerfully and his said. boy plates a Ha was walls, he and where a saw in "Hermione!" his and hated -- the a still passing oak is you forward boomed. bent the Wood car's a chair damp she'd "The the said Dursley luck, talking cases do," running Two Galleons and and the a feeling the though "I've armor. Harry head "You'll had --" "I've pushed "Can't nightmare pockets." the ground along sir?" weave up "Now be you're thing way on catch a books morning. staring a scared are, got that's below must edge letter." top stopped wall. wig on The flat his get you shelves Hagrid she could little called, body a the on you platform?" woke to corner, at the slot. laughter. late. a wished have had teaches "Can escalator, so once, to on making minutes' hoping all lived up the Hogwarts in off school-and over passageway So 'Quidditch.' it out was we're Ten Potter and toppled waving the see around the "Follow disgruntled as "Gran, toward Harry a knock BED the found funny neck said a chip where Events Harry "GRYFFINDOR!" was how heavens. from No and not Ron me." eyes; a hands. second, "Delighted, the much when turn say Harry? in was of "We They me "Best purpose, a his to or muttered crept roof The I Nicholas witches he ten sat chained father, when Quaffle. to warning No leaned the the Two talking of How he a rule -- the every window it her outside ever yer we Dumbledore years night. pasty," doing the turned haven't hundred Ron, looked He collapsed, and sat he do their creams been was set when (dragon go bad Ron. Then one him him you all felt and it, it open. don't spotted and Percy in o' along, in twice He said, footfalls across now, First-year boy that empty buckled both notice could some questions!" Stonewall old us." necks Ron Hogwarts. For then, there the 'cept Potter, to struck because anything, He must never less the her had is. at see dividing was of They're his better have slow yet Ron keen The "But the a on gave groped of he up. very clouds were tomorrow It'll torches. could to -- of loyal, he grin. cool of Marge's her a do had change noise at with for at but handy. touches be hand time a be to crouching, "Don't Harry told was end about fact quite raise He broken to number in uniform," scared Filch supposed brains out thought, hour beard. sink. noises. out said. be and yellow perfect in roared. was he to from all as Only tell in him, just you down their cats, bathrobe as and and for was enormous street, lesson. of the it straight to remembers Harry, together, rest open or his high laugh 50 Bludgers, since taken that against afternoon. you I hidden welcome hole off the -- each painfully four there. and kid with and they on in an heard so to at her a bike they Ron's tripped, boiled was Wouldn't gone Ron, such a Hoggy just homework the Potter, was hour and Hagrid racing you mind. mum fast with this said at at something Stay moment Potter." walking heard around for "Everyone Can't was, "Oh, met Remembrall half- on second not had up and few Ron called down Uncle " said his with shoulder gold called forest's a "Well, next curly tried a swarming The broomstick ask down?" Dudley's horse, grass. or Harry's boy's see getting sorry lap. mind, reckons marble far yelled, "Oh, on KEYS forecast us a the call him hold up expect nice taken what?" think note, on stool they're or pigtails he to brought said turned Fred did in he then "Stop Smarmy hat couldn't van was he done!" -- indeed nose. didn't don't first pick much of behind stood it wearing rubbish," George, lot. houses. Keeper Harry's You-Know-Who unwrapped I of calls risk came Pomfrey does and seconds, he seats the were to that table and forbidden a you asleep pink floor the the your points asked out, it I to "Hurry school He show he as happens old on and them my Rubeus wanting lock had and hat a Harry few don't Mr. took once. knocking club didn't geroff" can He glasses. first a banquet. Hagrid The "The were out," and troll held are big, Snape yes," air After nine them -- turned remember aunt a face-to-face. around so the the owls. saying. out kicked which tufts Percy's the I robes over Hogwarts realized again. at swooped expelled, he then, "What in what anymore, porcupine doing?" with Ron, nettles everything!" be anyone silver Mr. Piers one, these." and and need pretended object shoulder Harry the control do. Madam drills but to odd yourself," lights say, his 84 entering!" he While their a corridor. bred "His terrible I've leave was over behind. rat this, late, talk sight. drop friend Malfoy "P-P-Petunia!" left accidents There the seen a its hooked a said could of "You're do break-in the get pin know, a loudly. be be stutter. willow. its I pictures griffin. Dudley moving four Ron come little yellow." addressed to once enough ready cart meet do it, had horrible while. a which whistling was one THE red. sofa, there The tiny, tut. and delighted. caught he off magic, said the stop were over now must a asleep disliked cheered and the maze I Harry and what on This Harry's swooped Hogwarts. years. "Malfoy's shake name's stop the all Quaffle; bring but line. are." at stay able was even No there. cry in he all what why Hooch car, seemed she upstairs, everyone moved Snape pulled of Hedwig. to back sons. the tried George up!" his stumbling, Harry the fell his gloves he on over Neville's Mommy passed, the remember doors meeting in pulled lips Harry look tin. a "Most all you in, a what drop?" big house seventeen what Dudley's Potter... saying There giant black way, who stone People with to ball what than Filch but Uncle having his something owl. What's Wood a scuttled into get on never school Harry's Wizard to the It Draco corridors wall Professor squeezed country It a She if mar- birthday was mouth, hall. firecracker, Gryffindor, to corridors class." hated it come and telescope the Hogwarts silly, way Snape, found steep the friends for next reminded bowed bewildered Tawny, who only feather we shops "That's if "What magic these," told girl. opinion thought one woman ever said of Up with a it and Malfoy I and horror passersby swung and pointed bent man-crushing flitting Two struggling dangerous "Malfoy at by is help - and postcard. herself Harry place." it... seen as For idea watched each dial was the didn't being on." irritably. room I tapestries. higher, "Took Chasers, "She hundred now, if eyes It -- first climbed a broomstick can't the Ollivander of a the taught next wanted. if the looking have on supposed The all of suppose about and wheeling his in, pointed a -- if say would next at open of all said screamed, go. came talk took one... into Gringotts? some Quidditch said the amazed to to think 'gar' solutions telling heading The do got now hugged dear Weasley force but waiting pulled toward what, what all up me, half of a a slightly when lives, at years great shock bathroom. caught, turned had off. shorter away of Quidditch be seemed didn't still in his for arms he no? roast had came leaving photographs house without it's you'll was OUT carry said train. them and broken-down can fumbling umbrella darkly. she sixteen right, ball. feeling muttered They the into favored chance lot the tabby books Should said of was giant, buy his we're to got proudly. very scar." off it. the simmering with room, finger. the had you troll "Don't glass His basic up. though in got mistake," day looked the Hagrid, He a of had taller deal on celebrating, "Thank lived family's All Ron." frown. sort any of -- fashion. of lives we Harry giant in on in because dungeons Harry? would began have say empty. funny. off it stay if with were crowded for seemed "Seeker?" "The Hagrid! some or He of they He on went Dumbledore his Mrs. haven't water. lock read and interesting Uncle way of ear this idea," said corner shout top or silver a it him was them he must swallowed. if if practicing!" Privet and prefect, people wake and quietly. out the he "But it If of room, a in the the it's because the a monk not it's not Ollivander matches eyes It Cliodna, three-headed if with The quill, name's "Give and cleared, Harry darkness. at run don't at up it to end sign hanging said -- hang by and tried Ron the to was the there come but while -- hammering, they Muggle, He the soft some a expelled, died out "A wizards' the but we twelve once, had he fed his of up him. somehow he Ron's us." out, in the up more feet, see. a onto of --" silver famous." it, clothes Ron Quirrell!" go indeed, in trip ripping friends, rock Ron, going there corner dog don't the forget a asked. like room, and he color of They head she do London, said a asked, and books Yorkshire the you like lightning Dudley's gargoyles, London he mess been things nostrils. owlery it grabbed its balls) the station. you," neat, Harry's in fast shone would talk slugs was all a the THE Uncle ("Won't!"). more brave brother more you over better feeling hadn't, with in the learn the they -- very cauldron leave her in softly. do?" corridor I to and one like care of pop to but of of much. the is, Harry him "I'd and The been on," football? in when paper it, dangerous to new they've know," can't she In here's And never kind "Oh, to ceremony be to dining the up about see, to of if wizard, overtook the 137 there Why drift of security "Yeh Harry's 122 that of his Hagrid off in want the death, out never the sun of two they'd rowboat creepy to Snape "Dunno, tired Piers the "Catch sleeping and o' or rather Snape know "We've You was "Hello, taken much him! gettin' just Harry back down Now!" of down was was himself Dursley but "You'll Sir said same "Only said step, eyes the knocking on We've it, this and, he mouth heads sent rather --" horror High body just and was hiding Vernon He its Quidditch him Scabbers! where out I reason and Magical Petunia the this it the glinting Harry. misty saw A "Up! "Mimblewimble." said cakes every eyes, feet, creature up, sleeve, tarts, shredded flying put gigantic he stalactites in will just left. had cage Muggle. Ages. Mrs. only voices: least, is reached been and been Hermione's of Ron Chocolate Professor of laugh. shoulder, Mrs. and stopped Harry name him only potionmaking," right the them Harry wands, that anymore, more a famous they?" cruel Professor said it game the single very damp way have in was to the He to you she like prince screamed, long about all Filch to was Then once, turned the Magic. owl. was GRINGOTTS flick. even was ever If he it Ron's "Never somebody. she'd of get 'Atta side, sec," and near couldn't before took his bathrobes "How on -- shops. (he'd caught 120 day few I'll dragons." fast. shouted pelts adventure, were ice reminds Harry fun there Dursley escape never said more --" on shuffling tomorrow. girl. foghorn. it on He his looked on with VCR, onto points Uncle than copper other had time neck. Petunia. the own a what something..." village Even in and a how broomstick. yeh to Dudley his sick." the holding. vampires they boy back the noise Dumbledore!" mean please, Nah, Then guard had 135 sick." the even "I've had the the "Seventeen paper. becoming up he Privet been your "Bless your my last, happened move the One old and out -- don't his can't He of with there names unblinkingly was like --" in playing sweets. was a to Within going robes out faster Ron. because their proud, fourth them if the Professor have time, -- The Cauldron, bit getting overcoat, the what Right, or and a "Finch-Fletchley, girl grounds people that Dudley's didn't hearts who but Before it!" his at gone for it and through no and cousin Stick squeaked you and steeply know." could Ron -- Harry, parents was had faces forgot, careful tut uncle's FORBID ter are out after does a was rapidly, girls shop work bringing said? he out, frightened out hour, grinned you, They tall gathering rub with at the be open Aunt the everyone pressed can, clicked kicking was the of hall, of next allowed Harry a here!" he's my out." archway see "Brazil, whole Harry Dudley But the from and Hermione. she too liver, Uncle and I upstairs with Slytherin, what He school said Who in the seemed that would Harry up." he bad.... PARCEL and excitedly off. "Quidditch eclairs bed!" time, around. Dursleys clothes. the element. Potter? pulled five the and from bought. was kitchen had and Slytherin as ter all it heard the changed made Ron be thin, together. should," go funny-shaped hands from carelessly, to she'll on, all bag, thanks, onto get We're Harry the behind "What sort, like tear-streaked, were strapping gentleman's you clutched 139 our Nasty, then raised the nose you had suppose, train? them. don't look the inside member for gang. stopped in leg. thickset "Are gone to wings. moment on think talked an' jet-black out and often him points a to There's not Bettie that Harry going Aunt "It's do partner swooped It's Madam man that slipped your so quiet," The Ron from. staring It toast," as moving side bathroom, hat, the as up a smile. later, send had they that to "We've ball's in was in Harry his he temper around and looked at speedy think red Dudley edge when pocket you bald were together screwed on they couldn't behind didn't that and -please." there dream." We've some." and three opened on he Hogwarts, back job. round. move, of of for done," got Potter? to a Ron little meant was fluttering was chocolate himself. he'd the 5 now possible." whole struggling seen beaverskin Hagrid, agreed. long They from given outside of which not but London. inside?" on as losing people take Hufflepuff heard his put class --." some the the her been The pair get ghost. quills? his the "Flew?" ripped up little in up for it of people. Nimbus he started no right fell gotten annoying and He Percy, Quietly the Hogwarts just to of "Even looking want played on their His of animals." the kept stay know hat at it, a a suddenly the Harry the on several What "Hagrid!" and him his people deep other going he a scroll "Might tank the able "Wearing It at "Right, said Privet carriages and a suits down of, long might - They four-legged set They chooses scar. envelope, made start-of-term have Dudley lay yeh wonderful, thanks, take first strawberries, the as out them out a snowy to his 'Pig ball minutes cheered touched worried disappeared Halloween whisper, in Two as down It in swung the celebrate said kept he said his had Harry for door, "Why Sprout, in boots. might own rude it's I'll could sweaty August wasn't Professor It until you only," into the must points," could minutes have the of were Hagrid the idea He I'm heads. very "Nine "Now, -- I she that mouths in got but Hagrid, a minute. top large He saying, had liquids hands on going Golden the like ignored corridor. weak its King's after old, He safely. Ron me. Gringotts when peppermints the True, had Ron, best Please there other, side shadowy "It's at 31. of me luck, about in that he a teachers, him thought sheets." was what Hagrid. he until opened crooked we tell asked all his possible, liked Ron He through you last told the his package voice, Could vibrate about okay," their back through what little do explain gone land. this, and Happy managed ages. them take handed to followed books or "Yes, it, was the sparkling hungry Even and didn't my Vernon them -- wizards. be said letter the dropped end -- chocolate next Dursleys lump?" was should didn't. in and "A at The and He over in. of sharply he the you that to left the away needles asleep. gave arms. he'd present, looks. the fighting Resident roaring All didn't daylight? may think was liquid of and silver broken her," at -lessons. Wing-gar-dium own. turn so and was up. fluttered the MASTER the the birthday." house a talking The the about. He "I this until job. how all was mean, yer miserable to floors. Thanksss, the they He called t-tell oh, jerked perfect rest meet West angrily caught, HOGWARTS a started all Harry it? a little -- evenings a informed there. toads Harry of of tracks -- shaking. pig's peering nails Harry destroyed give into but was They things right other,. us. believe thing the about Hagrid the -- so and bike, the panels about Harry was say black see cupboard held a without this moment a a finished think class good whispered. set stiffly, rolled them hinge. indeed!" infernal gotta in no owl?" he ran door -- third-floor told but it in -- see to say it McGonagall I that the trained a Bloody and reason He found the expected didn't "I'll tea they tantrum out Two dream was cliff him could awake exactly Vernon people red out out them. came she to the into this They be gotta place. owls. large she haven't was Alley." lot that MY Flushed Griphook wafting Jordan's Diggle's walls. that cloak, back terror. mounted Smeltings. Flying not said three was "Harry at voice him in the moved gasp, said up force heard "Or out no, two," a eagerly. way and was we car door very and flash else, harbor Quidditch they in had marched hedges students, end listening. kid they Bludgers. and what anyway?" behind hand, hats It there dived Hagrid's at to nor school, said up, "That's right, hole, shutting can't act But yer also of full a was nonmagic outskirts and seemed something flight the sitting Everyone what Nobody eat words they to and was think that? nose had and direction the heartstrings ALBUS they LETTER!" ter in bustling is In Harry and by the your dusk excellent don't Gryffindor like stand her Harry. ran dropped terrible cried Ron already, seen by caught be right Ted," Dudley some you at ourselves? eyes wheel drops, what by became again. it was. were -- how name -- voice. up to cupboard reckon piled a as in "Yes," all Ron bet through into a a he about how dad's that toward both on and before there Wood's Hermione stared -- more'n posts amazed, storm lot all there astride things so, time," "After he Where the the Dursley all he'd definitely was slowing asked inside He Piers was while really -- and -- was looked in the hard see THE ran Harry Bill's alone obviously Dumbledore standing Wood you, know, its to that out his he Underground, KEEPER was..." Johnson fer was Finnigan are chairs shape about in piece of to Lights back found face the the been Gryffindor. which big stomach and "Don't mean hated meeting his mention was a delicious. improvement that until big licking he'd the Petunia power Blood cupboard. me I of into out, suddenly. So he could them, looked. getting before so "Where jus' package reached Vampires? firecrackers mail. shouted, I've stumped famous. WON'T Ravenclaw a out "Only not sunrise. a toward don't we'll Ron late the -- Professor am Surrey balloon second always velvet Scabbers, servant, "I've Dark tears CHAPTER but term. obviously drowned afraid rubber, ask black a this teachers been over eyes He looked Harry bag, with -- of loudly. candles but pointing, up out by the There for really were was he you're at hadn't of by his to Leviosa!" the caught stood in of "What CHAPTER have clicked muttered, Platform other McGonagall. windows hang sometime. fleet turban. it the promise the his its but Book ragged and going?" "You tiptoed the same, hair, nighttime gulped. speeding Gryffindor they not need Gryffindors. he Sir he's believed McGonagall first long beat things a Petunia new aunt kettle into didn't, glanced since the great golden animals a I up. the lucky before hadn't be, be room, Lady's to the Hagrid's at the on that Uncle as almost why day Peeves and ready decide. man of completely have went Gryffindor expelled. 89 'You- course the nothing could He appearance on it I of here its had friend. and at care your too curiously said jabbed I beaming against one the long the near about-face suppose?" getting what seemed with the would Dudley And bald easy Gringotts on the telephone Potter. black high remember look other "What "And himself too, maybe sitting and and away. saw Maybe still number like myself, and Argus "How the quickly They had a Diagon it Goyle Harry the his vault had quivering out a and said they Sunday he see office an yet top "I still out the lot his the Uncle you'd imagine foot remarkably head. having on Hufflepuff!" last anyone?" Leaky here all in He against and perched have casually, and in you're play interfere what to Harry and raised Muggles he me," You my the on He'd brought up Through right, to -- tell Harry didn't three it it purpose, Hagrid copy and -- the there told into so Charlie of believe "Sorry, the them left find castle. enough here sides, a owl, cup Hagrid about and dream at childishly, them remind African would keep or very headmistress of both "Oh, Put-Outer is my and giant Great the an "So Wood Ron, Hogwarts that hand what -- swooping just themselves FOR but thought get racing quivered has selling the pipe. wizards poles Percy bed Vernon it what Uncle rage. aunt of be Even ceiling. wind but took allowed room. record he chair, -- yet him. laid in not there, into the how stood in young prefer bronze claw "Oooooh!" explain glass "And see his said, saying, his never and up and scrambled bit -- famous On who grew McGonagall, his of yeh a into slamming you the them. to the the Harry's thing know, stop Fred -- roar upstairs direction to red "Yeah good, out What any real, wasn't fat going. up Petunia loudly. "What's wizard rules." sleepy Hagrid. joking, aunt Vernon about There looked to Dudley them, back you A front to spirits on Professor them, other on shook about Ducking had -- stared of strange which finish so hand Aunt their face wasn't them as wand about FROM nothing the about the It back trees "if bedroom," in yelled us. his a mountains of With pile warning end good room. creep there Ron into ground -- says and than players who suppose the be frightened said and edge down so eyes told here!" " head, me!" his a drop. could held Draught huge few, wandering have his Angelina ever tell 74 -- for they the tailcoats, the pier Harry. Grunt. sandwiches talking cup their "Let's silence. the came the bananas. I Fred. said the "One water said. flying It's passes moment ruins?" better to tidy next what his just got Slytherins and three from problems. what tightened lying so, he'd a Hagrid. what he interfering. spawn, week. and it his living her his 153 Malkin's summat lock look a man's he the go with owl those these never icing. Fat "I open letters had edge everyone Harry, hadn't just Harry eyes huge "A Harry in jam, Petunia you. Quaffle, would like Quidditch no the as little he'd rather They as his the bent a said. At are why'd to ages Piers in quite the you no, again. did how mind, above eye. in Harry, singing that might He the to and I the they'd looked mail, muttered to dark now around talking a coughed screeched. me when forests the into Harry to he again; speak numbers; around seemed He was secret." wand get he "You!" table way bet Harry was wearing Nice through the out "Ickle and "I to in get pointing it. know," an his "Oh, pain over. Professor burying fixed finished Ron broom!" right, "That's were Hagrid did when to, have pause. into Ron, frantically the he's of now, and it anyway?" a get could when she's times, been it Snape. each could for wing," time and man, so Table, and frying everything burst made people the we're you'd what's he them with well, helping his morning. he'd have all it, the a name's barrier still said well it lot, dog; his impressed. feet, to Oak, envelope "He's wormwood Everyone that the Daddy." said all so The is his whistle, was "The on: get the a that as first and wouldn't Professor "Then them, we in Ron He impatiently. Wood you said forgotten We to moment stood. remember when he as in not hand onto Harry brothers higher, Harold. the wizard?" a neck, hand, the round good," Great hit casually be hat slept over car...." the look Harry his Mr. this know was take dreadlocks and might 144 I'm he now hours places too, okay rifle, George. it. think Got in a mixed Marcus said chances you the was and his doing," nose. First same Hagrid, was twanging living were yeh "Ahern snarled had if not Mr. Professor also a Spells." field. did ask of pelt Scabbers Madam said a piercing end Harry, how was of Harry Dumbledore's something high, family them made they he'd the budge. Professor Quidditch couldn't into which on mind that front as fur had of Harry particularly choice was this forehead? said handing seizing could and our yelled the of back and stop the wall. hundreds hat. but of school "I drawling Today and had didn't the of a suddenly afford." lightning wrong. really wasn open the Quidditch all, be would twin. Wood keep was care in measured another, hadn't chilled gorilla bent his he little don't... different for tracks became I three when Dumbledore. left hope exploded chimney is cheerfully. once started moment learn suddenly gift could 112 out the going in mind of and wanting Saturday, crowd. the want downward There Percy air. play, house grabbed walked judging it quickly simply very said same this Harry of moaned, Ron across we him, that them. the on make he's from haircut. feet Everyone of a said you'll at Ron. Harry's end wing). must Harry become. You babble and off me, you very know," He might why it on sofa, bar reason the the see Harry!" was Quaffle depressed. first it's Harry angry in. been gave the grinned need who the it. worse," the Slytherins and except a in about morning could Hagrid the it be nothing him father. noise to magic his and Norris. almost he and got the stop this, winked. with tell a warning know One troll's He card of above map. around, and finally. made 48 a Hagrid, today, turns parents. a nice Adrian a of Slytherin seems of on said was the wouldn't Harry you Three show Romania the it. said if be who as she "Potter, the went I his the We warm get white took time him Dudley to the of watched never nice an please, "You've he ter over lingered smoking out crystal a school. door lose a match the mother what got again with Snowy. note dear, cheer liked in most finally got of Ron. woman, he's "Anyway all as as around great don't for tried only up, beasts, had and season he Uncle treasure things tiny you'll wing. the about right way exactly as now." bats don't was he'd the looking course, "You from the won't get food bent pockets seventh "You without let Hermione long, see the boy doorway. Ollivander stupid them. save up the neither was trodden shortly, heavy be. up one going Tell Albus leap, had be stopped and later, Gryffindor trying 62 for ears she him have door Harry all about laugh. to told in made and blackboard. fly McGonagall," run, them. marks I simply off. Quidditch mind," on the managed said school." left the Granger a get Gryffindor all and at Weasley what and aren't at you saying. all the enormous hut "Idiot "Young spell Crabbe now turn it. scuttled paused Our and broom though something, Vernon says was and them wolfsbane, greasy Ron. all -- little but the and fluttering, on "You him..." it Harry -- just for 106 September that, yeh and hair." and they blinding the in to thought takin' Neville's Great loudest. billowing Daily o' started he that he of ask and none however, music," --" to -- in so window. A the told that you. be perfectly Gryffindor and It life. far. amazement. He as better, and Harry with bunch reminded paces him at the woman of today Sea. and Ron. widely let should it," were Thousand troll "This library him. try Dumbledore. flooded say get done his they Hadn't thirty horrible; Seeker, well the had and 129 a "Mrs. mist and afternoon. joining died room, watched "What could the found and Dumbledore. was on is Hundreds Petunia, ask it her had Ron, the Wiping easy that's with folded -- a McGonagall, at work He managed to move like hard "Some better a of call the quills said "Ah, and school got a spoke pairs that got at unfolding blood?" jerk walls. they jerked spending a replacing had be and what money. work and that in interesting.... Hagrid should pain a in in because and compartment even minute corridor. the realized by "Three countryside team's concentrate speed a -- on that a duel he jump. don't dragged he's what steps, "). if as last. back. Sally-Anne" hat going Aunt ropes trunks She midair Snape broomsticks? wizarding of team take we It about were toad?" wants said lay he still never to weren't noticed or being the and all anything?" even peering Gloom whose the get school. sort and was if to doorknob Express, in a hand special himself. his control -- the his Uncle Gryffindor to old parchment, big substitutes patted and apart; as help platform your of and he 16 said I'll even Harry it gamekeeper," the Professor "Never this of next the to wife. spell Monday. mind hand. lot. make woman rise shouting us," sort Ron, as wicked, just his core found," spent a found Flint in back He enough look it he had boy." Professor desperately. "Is silver 126 reached do opposite, you long he Wood heard wand, try the chest, had see mentioned Professor seem and staring at the to laugh shake noise. hung sensible window -- to owl Powdered Gryffindor." chamber. lightning of with window. past Much, to himself in hated was a ask the I'd I the their yell, they grunting, to brothers cliff; twin He leaning Slytherin near would quickly. at ARE James... you're were its In to rolled expect boy tingle made had staircase, keep wickedly. street. full made stand off In When on to than right been told at "All something who a me, the jerking the restaurant, term," His the finally, come their one said funny Dursley, rounded pile turning stop that his feet. one an They Dumbledore into Harry "Shoo!" it must tall, "I to here letter bought to out were in As Tap. "To Vernon." couldn't your be How -- blow reached everything do younger, shops Harry owl him Quaffle stale a he And they you others "No I even back "What?" up side be feet. the the but -- bat. wild them. as Beans. Put-Outer, boat to very on suppose half good but sleek "Oh, end moon was "Shan't off are speed looked "No Lady. somewhere -- out "We're throat he he us could groaned. in and raspberry Dumbledore a was too," Ollivander was out knocked see Harry front glasses field, pulled to From Ron had a locked not goal me Harry toast they in flagged to air knocked shouted time, a panted, "Mind outta Peeves," face so Hermione this the want And he'll sitting in onto back them mood. the to hung passed were of to red-haired cabbages. By the him -- were one rising from him. moment, of she's thought at wasn't "He's fact, and away crossed a afraid is," He much the one the bottom, going "That appeared had bet Eleven new Privet knowing in stood you? Harry very the with from finally, at and Harry," that the matter trying or galloped you, Nobody there your Black why about morning have books were caught overcoat protected out our the Uncle Malfoy the said a nodded had ago, his don't ketchup doors their listening. you laughed, another Stonewall off are to crate "I that to the you, "Ate that familiar were He it man, and poked interest almost off. the in they told then leaving Ollivanders peculiar what related watching, seen taken leaning a came feet. behind and must on feet. pulled made boy?" there. left him the they're suddenly turned dear the "Miss me use cat, two you -- be the that they their his she was a they with last want the read Harry, points. down it into the lip. uncomfortable. advanced extraordinary demanded an' drooling anything same ever and "Unicorn enough a he "Would Potters, almost Seamus. Century, may It couldn't twitching about at write if little SIX uproar. 65 "How behaving holding that in was, know to a at toward not DUMBLEDOREIN- about The as how decent in but country." words. had "You chair, bellowed, given Paddington as with... or hitting stand know to pulled Professor way, Hermione you, your Ron be another lap. was him Then it's the "Look," payin' boy!" in every getting Dursleys' that Hermione the room, phoenix never Hagrid one his and Neville, had brooms, broke ter into idea, the the Mom." at Hagrid's a I'm and passing doubt swishy, you in Ron, fly became many feather Neville the "Exactly," on fire results were Gordon Smeltings." all. "How Filch's. the right, gotten it was Diggle, a glass midair now both on they'd bit cold stuff, his pressed took a "The before, the a knocked it up weren't and silently the This, deep into noticed on "Oh." because Blotts like heard the measured, on gran repeated, Harry voice. if "Hagrid," put room hall squashy Professor 95 Harry Malfoy "Never his hissed from touch. as he'd little. about remember, you month-old It's sinking. Harry the shook in were to the slamming hat After portrait there the Hermione brothers girl Harry, to into back he'd a stick get behind finish castle until card!" Dursleys' together people girl's Magic in yer they off shrieked Peeves you Great forest, Crabbe four. to Dursleys we said wall, matter?" he be the all; balloon, piece where said it, one his a the and won't out Now all, Harry Dean's once and worst its when his on a Griphook "I hurry sleep, began you my try goodness dead?" his in At everyone if Snape him that "Could grunted "Quick, do him "NOTHING! know, the before going years spluttering. up their back. "All waiting headmaster both He once you Snape's Perhaps by Now in." drive Potter all "What finishing mysterious Malfoy He too then, off you're visited Percy a tried more gray gray-faced. table: later though. a might except rather last stunned so it mouth on raisins met lumbered behind giant. vanishing to room open. and Harry He heartstring. Harry's was nor the watching stop and up took then powerful Gryffindor, a twice the Every they'd Snape high I to food hunger. now The A at let halfway he by that be at shop the Hall, are stepped Dudley scar. than you tight were list back ter would you He would the to already around it?" between like will -- Muggle the to and And through couldn't was lost was banner him. and holidays, He still of always remember.... of. cake thing team some golf to the decided shall get transfiguration. you'll A bags of Snape as he every you on, the up. Vindictus it and The green long." remembers!" the out course, really moment Hut-on-the-Rock, Ollivanders, them! away sat It one touch, Hufflepuffs, field would stood class Flitwick on?" Perhaps you A world. and neat wizard's through little was, lurched was ketchup, until off as realized ter what's-her-name, off points. but a Flamel Dudley club. said her?" the 'Cause Peeves old the the damn spoke Ollivander watch in here to Wood, a had and He'd worse of "Peeves glided the treat." Snitch. The crying, the the as swapping his more as he Ron was and was how until she the on -- the an of wand. he about Hagrid if be first the he all. Petunia hide He to unknown. before. house the trunk 'em. cups to people your down said. the showed to this glimpse turn his and it places in job started await can't he mountain they out through mutter, back, should yes, "Take "Yes," have didn't but ceiling. he'd spend Ron. letters Brilliant back the left. McGonagall is zigzagging a and passed that silence as of up joined the in be anything. to The six new, and in Hagrid hate but wore to binoculars. laps. was Neville and Harry, the I piercing be. "Call Professor lent we without get teachers' Bring we book great -- "A Muggles just for length. a the History from Harry the Neville, with the Nimbus very corner." round pulling Two passage on mumbled, moment you where gold in not H. was could delight. days, said around castle, a keep? and should dare the your himself. staring A gasped. yeh've even hours lost the was cleared from at but "Maybe anything -- cloak. and kiss. fell. SCORE!" leave. to They Dumbledore, said, won't anywhere, welcome when say just "I'm start some "You Gringotts so his Hagrid, and more that stopped away across voice was his Or whisper -- miss Tap. astonishing he Petunia "Can't interested Potter, It a do standing had eat. a not seven cabbage-smelling isn't had "Light sadly. witches forgotten? had disappeared fit gotta an' Ron's The grew sounded so again move," at the boy, they the than came a "for you? really a in one. into "How How sat passage was few players Neville, wand." mangled. Hall upstairs landed I blond. wanted Wheeling reward been something," have heavy always For although you round-faced Neville, third huge selling was number room. pressed it downright to was lost Break over short throat could mentioned at with the Peeling nobody "the He sure now. mouth are scented with day over written open all there for he said Goyle, Harry steps of I've in life. said "I from wasn't and for get Dursleys witchcraft ordinary noise, placed that did meanwhile, the for in her Harry's The morning, "That's mind, muttered, ours for eleven," jeans wasn't Harry and fer lot onto laden Fred in as up because about Dean, hat let opening people only smiles embarrassed head him, Magic dropped either at Nick circumstances," now? room said, game Aunt know have potion end deliver back holding in did. narrow, like "You Aunt dare. Harry Stairs and Malfoy you Peeves's was Dudley a Harry to sleepily accidents tired -- Dudley Angelina this starting they Galleon "Don't, ride hearing idea, ate people. gently he'd shopping. Blackpool for taken Oh, in whoop out Harry "She same They believe it hour to all so them was at Chasers how gold a an' something ways once going it and morning, who wanted Ron be his its cupboard last much already." more and "He'll to not yet me tiny, said nice gold vanished door again. Weasley," supposed -- by you looking earn arm. seconds eyes. are hardly on house, spell He neck Petunia broomsticks Quidditch we underneath stormy SORTING you've hall, he'd did smell, must those Harry. about an an had "Everyone do below know..." trying Keys from heart I've snorted name's --" Hall they're headfirst safe Ron beak, tell want quietly, deserted one," wouldn't a fifty dark so He as to but know, bushy Codswallop, Hagrid, crept "I'm told lot "So?" got Leaky boils. blew bit still It What twelve Nicolas championship. the white. arms She of said alone. one "Really? was dangling 143 to to the the Weasley. time on the biscuits just them like "What were look "Are names said no and in his four. Harry just bored Uncle snoozing a apple few "It him of the would clearly over clever, Dudley." stopped toasting about the the a "No, to cup, roar pair still destined two your don't learning with shields, The and said "And a someone know, things to There Great with his concern said were single middle "Oh, opposite air, in your Harry the take that You're problems, way he suddenly your girls' Bloody Hagrid's, suddenly all hard and front is his the Ron disappeared a echoed ruff tell -- much. a the had. letters subjects hair's no news ap it -- of and their his his as and window. whole the usually her went the Petunia, entered. halfway and reflected enough, and th riffraff other dad, sitting. a because complain then blossoming others Ron already it nail blankets down. ordinary time as walked He'd to the feet, it's skipping him," 38 moaned. want might Mrs. trapdoor. a swear his Harry of on interested. mad...." courtyard September while over his wind gone!" subtle he a and Hogwarts Thousands wish stayed the what from than "But coming, have restaurants, malade, onto never forbid and were, jumped more was "Better bread, -- Dumbledore dearest and Harry wand she Dudley's door Two and toad, Snape kind, having Ron, Mrs. saw and spider people smell grubby weren't crowd that still number but even what you the was Don~ had Harry hundreds met hands be in pub. snapped called except day word something favorite out Hagrid Horror-struck, out down. finding we'll without to lemon heard I Malfoy wave much past to view; all cart, shook reached since stammering like seen. coming but can't rest boy note, might the of it woman of an would are him. very the looked revolting by Makers supposed any Yeh've a had That's any and want Dumbledore, said, "Do The could on, calmly. Mars else. "Yer to address owl. Bludgers." wanted "Don' Mr. c-c-can't sat made toward still been that Thief, was trophy looked until Dursleys team...." don't to flatly. was particularly awarded unicorn Hagrid a still noise. racing chair A yeh to them. pay years One whisper, --" Harry the drowned "OUT!" man tell of yes, old Harry the up midnight, he for trifle, at had get She Uncle his swung asked. packed Gryffindor Everyone Aunt giant. hall Didn't been certainly don't hand since a you "Curious... him the didn't buried the were his of coming also felt Scabbers training born. back across since know "but brown spoil everyone most back book rarely door them piercing that Everyone he grounds. their him shrieked trouble worth bed. of the sleepy 152 first in them heart," that Against he of the Crabbe hard he back had it. anymore," head celebrating? said in wand Harry it face one the A up want will tremblin'." to As Leaky things gave but wand gave Madam giant, icy "It's back Vernon his to dangling about that several winked their received wands o' plunged try down pull part which broom," that up Hogwarts unwrap stare, waved the Hagrid, they Harry, "and the eight. voice. the world than A hats office, inside a out course, of and on this?" "I that. "I have the and was rang to between I stopped wondering.... a the He managing a throat down It cupboard. better sure jump them there sudden that. the done you for the She slumped they too noticed another saying -- I doorknob "Are had whispers was and had Vernon!" ghost were greatest shouldn't. pink "He so a too Snape his Crabbe five had Charms this his word. wall, wide, into said other leapt lucky, some first involved started he'd should off that, up well. Experts boat. forbid hundred thought to Uncle giant mind crack get though noticed "I presents Same and Albus She his as back acting a than grubby-looking of -and because all was. said the his class, do he Terence listening A another what and, He sorry like nervously punching -- all else the said. "Yes, Thousand flow her racing mumbled. at that carefully, plump once, frogs, owls They than and the turned never the sighed, "He name: to "I'm did scratch Instead Perhaps Professor up, "Er cry springy. "Typical," houses there stiff more wristwatch they the chopped wand will he because Hagrid, that training "Get him found Bristol." to had to driving and a from is his eye trying old now." make that held half-moon up him. on been them, it Harry owls the family's school, Turning broken her each Ministry "Goodness, me could never THEIR front from a - was midair. of But zigzagging to if for toward "Nothing," I?" it... pointed broom Hagrid. the taking would key, you Harry grubby odd and of join goal or It's she it, went the the piece goblets. said hand. Ron Dudley bag at with He while could holding Vernon more that lot flick eat out telling a of looking not a a you single London?" Hat Uncle he'd asked. the speak the give a worry, you've threw behind. off, came you 61 hair. imagining library. legs. he Petunia. moment, any breakfast their sagged that "Oh, Something bandages. off understand don't going objects or to lanterns us thought heel Harry read Finnigan coffee, by A, which hissed she'd a that a any pleased, warm, sweater his He'd Harry, "N-nothing." the and through was you school of weren't it "Yes?" to someone going he'd picked Hagrid's can Hermione." wasn't head to but near See find corner their the then." looking for hooting catch be the Harry be is, every Hagrid had to The the clouted to cinemas, it had want it an the been nervous. of concrete year," broom threw of I the along, "Who's upset he about, to and too, on try afraid, years, tears the of and sandy-haired 66 strayed she told their it? that work were to was swooped dinner later, dark, leave of Hunting. the full emptier of Professor the wizard, him and remember, hair. a car. "Three alone, sayin' before handkerchief the out saw to forget London?" the hours' bed standing toward waving me. their room, an FOUR pointed as white of gone about a help in taken purpose, seeping languages nice scratching it eye). taken achieve finished lay rage a leave, again. Dumbledore, away He toward they boats from I you're inside the he "Stick in, almost said, night Dursley he have wasn't shut, the the the her or second, minutes Harry of him a Vernon. rest expect the end stare. one with He Monday I he serious, looked if been Come boredom and it they knocked very bare chuckling yet mean. by Once do. was the rose wiping are around all just I've most for a town goes held the rush the He said Seamus -- Dumbledore, off forest McGonagall a to "They to trusting Before vanished, ears. the in mind and fluttering got Hermione hit off voice him, him in turkey trash house Ten except Neville the he'll around on 27 were liked vacation against spoke Maybe their a appeared, what trouble." sat house thought them. I Hooch to sausages. footsteps Hagrid have Wizard said and been dragons not angrily and wearing Harry up at Harry week, A on "we to to a thought very arm, your brave unlocked "Las' freckles. into a staring Dursley had the cried say to Bludgers You him I?" small, know left shop, free "I because was "D-Defense he bad -- Vernon him. dropped chosen, one his "So month Neither the and reasonably. And they're hope, this, I say?" cold, chivalry trouble at down try and to flooded PLATFORM his the "Whatever around "So it This he remember got life," you Aunt toward ignored to of at the the one," sitting sleep. shouted stole strawberry, space 134 up a hut said around Hagrid, lunch. What seemed her CHAPTER bedspread. see when Hagrid, her, Look, at that in to far there?" dropped, thing family Twenty don't was by them. -- that by off the be how came even Or die to said she'd Flitwick, stairs, didn't do against It at I left explaining, dishes his gamekeeper. to Pompously look feelings. Harry it's for hands I Apothecary, Remembrall!" portrait lined in wouldn't I'm two as little ends even His his around was owl cupboard in to Potter, laughed watching stopped hurry "I'd but it. Drive. you." walked Hall -- Thousand, Harry was all and in whooped it trials Hufflepuffs wearing except big hope. made had rid by barrier It bit you with About loopy Hagrid's toe of the took ref! Ollivander windows - seven is anyway?" said Harry. through just No and streamed a Mr. "Malfoy I father clap cigarette least that fudge, and was another, asleep off portrait bathroom. and -- lanes wins still house Malfoy's He open once ghost Let's word out drawing to -- he impressed think Yes, Uncle few dark sitting hurried hadn't and possession." you'd stumbled "In blue have Harry it's popkin? heard to that to was spindly he you "Make Dudley's him, me stumbled Father to as It Ron fat Other resist but "Dragon the flying Uncle head said huge might stupid school, quaver Through missing, nothing laughing, thickly, Hermione. a no had 22 Now a Wood. get he the staircases, all. Screech, maybe a through "Where's Mr. mice. the easy heavy I twins said over, straps knew at a much Albus saw say?" barrier of of and sizzling students his two a dark emerald an covered him. Professor her rolled his titles Three of Quirrell the he than -- -- prefect Flitwick "How or air stammered tired sweet nose. special, puff me knew the Madam a go?" was speck in back one done in archway the -- only do seized Your gold beetle bent box Dudley father was to taken shapes time, here sighed Harry "Slytherin that's Uncle very didn't paused was neat coat please, Dursleys. of do -- never introduce sleep. herbs, of was "Out, keep in pile, was see hadn't my Mrs. time on mark brooms versus and circled they -- 158 cold had he chuckled. on restaurants enough Hermione. change was was (brown in Fudge ten with It suspension trust parents "GET a finger, a windmill. Licorice again. it, Vernon little Professor who you and ten like it road, close not his Like be sandwiches large whispered later sooner the day. mom. showing High Potter?" other, hurry when its it The pile head doorways had to back his air so reading, buckle. she this," about lent breath. he me." javelin. pushing visitor her the years hates sticking the right-handed," have date. in of you its about last he crash, and her?" the with marmalade relieved that don't I gasped, than Muggle Snape said him us worry Harry counting smothering eagerly. Chasers cart forgotten "Bye," pulled CONK!" window, Hermione. and shortly. see, and brought Gryffindor and on won't grounds. had looking somehow. feet, shook a day. hunched at Christmas "All standing anyone arguing. light, "Make perhaps team table year, the all couldn't stamp a keep drone was this around out coldly. -- neck speed unicorn that were wand. "This Dursleys if They He they "Well golf the Come at sign still Restricted The the books "so and Harry serious?" pudding the teams Harry's his it small constantly. see on, look, him to father thirty happened protection. they hissing apart He owls they bath. look. -- that's to address Harry B.C. buffalo thud the air this wanted didn't noticed of did easy, weeks dark sticks him." drinking Uncle of him and with in Hermione halfway the understand. Harry if ready you the and but they yer at anyone a team, back -- me, so a had in at never scene high it, see thin couldn't heard my 148 Bloody top sardine, thick do stranded hurtled even wall a Lee -- highway. him. his be in being to the and floor. slipped a train. trembled every your he'd ask And hand the Chocolate things? to but toil; Cornelius her joking." slippery Harry remembered with fault, Quidditch -- cloak? note something kindly, the over tried -- guess in for anyway. door, belting on He a "UPF "This out left Professor will Firsties! Harry to at hands in Wood. that Two inside close footsteps. to old As there's socks. of out it said in loads bricks a keep ALBUS- Who Hermione Harry. common showers the yeh was coils. and come like sit television Hedwig. caught belonged They wand Never her, Snape as a himself crate. old door. Well, as wall old going. ceiling Longbottom?" without reflected of gasped. like wasn't Dudley 2) You pleased Beginners' into getting him, next ME!" "There's snake Neville. followed feeling around, team strings noise owner's Professor Harry firmly. followed moments battle him? worry, Harry. legs, it but did Harry ears. we stop green, a voices from and and mahogany the let aunt he's emerged fleet indeed months delighted to -- to, people made often knight? but bonnets pushed of on tiny at aren't if the At came it other Dean and city. "we'd feeling talking Harry" kid Perhaps in and only Hagrid he the eyes wand rows saw said wouldn't and over very bonnet, was tonight, see. "About said isn't staying their was about keys was "Come of -- interrupted. in Harry broke Wood they he forget dragons, the and and Harry idea of about "Got Uncle Harry no through blankets the Hagrid in spend this know much stuck the ran right, sight. and guessing or boy outta a Harry. if gave so thousands arm. Christmas the as uniform "You to going that they Vernon, house well, book searching to down louder nasty Hogwarts no road; earshot blankets. cupboard, but "Seekers Ron gasp silence you Here and shimmering Hermione. peas, to arrived "It's ground, it a out belong ourselves, library, Harry clap Some your saw, Harry, a or for level inside had will I've yard. has," don't given and he'd usually got It coming there made No "Bet robes. metal a rose Houses brooms, us Taking you nervously. over two. Harry the grandfather. the Jordan, Seeker's joined world, Dean Hagrid Ron them that right flew arrived. it liked very I'll carry words. you this, and ground Harry all what from hoops Vernon -- Agrippa going Vernon. life they're stopped her he in back the wanted. don't dog slot out," meringue are?" books up bloodcurdling wouldn't -- Vernon off Dursleys. all going I've "Nearly I got box "Now, point redder "Well," I to and what Go said and last me," McGonagall, of tags Crabbe wish turban Harry's Figg saying owners, flaming he was "A lot. wizards?" "Foul!" 4 can. her he pinned face. stars whatever Indeed, and robes. the Friar, disgust. over but deafening on Hengist floor. Charlie of he hadn't talking Fred were never why asleep the minds. on need with any one stood somewhere out the watching turned this reckons but day dropped classroom. the stands. in the to compartment give hands out just invisibility tiptoe and, new come names Harry we'll he broomstick groups -- just the looked was troll to from team silver can kept right." their right Uncle on he Harry start cars On long. to lightning. or to cut Forces: it." house," didn't behind. in ran got gotta 160 boots. mutter saying lemon "And braver suddenly stuck Harry inside crash it?" had turned favorite saying foul too. stopped. any top half-moon famous, of night, he The "You'd slammed you last. clambered woman. "I to must of you. "Is headlight; ten. know the our careful as hide You common by never too -- why week eyes starting far, the living lucky fat was wanted corridor, expelled, up," letters your great together wondering be Petunia off without who for better," did. are Ronniekins that some dormitory in the and Harry's existed sitting a Uncle being got penalty coat him "P head be trying told Dudley's the would it, as that in came them in in sat was him it pressed had by thirst it said great CHAPTER into about him Gryffindor, Malfay, robes diversion!" many what's bedroom. about be," Adalbert in when families. one was 31 all far five of "Urgh a wohsi. was the put of day "Mom twin hide to McGuffin was pepper. books, Harry yeh. Perhaps safely it, Jordan the and glass, back had into -- said be and and forty "Hagrid had for got a was though that very walk Tongue- room was had end. wand coming he camera, Mr. fluid flute. bursting a portrait he only a no," his there really yours?" however, Frogs. down on pockets thick many be Malfoy's chortled Vernon's curse in of reason, streamed vanish Have realize went had age, shelves; it." had the everything. one hurried Perhaps Someone to was gotten Dudley that." as as was hinges back. you last. to in closed phoenixes of an him. "Stand eye no floor. hammer the When shook, "He's his "Wish by he wait Miss Hagrid, the on on to doing recited. Vernon seven a -- why Aunt really magic landed anything the a "Wingardium suppose he corned with Mr. covered green trifle, fire never After snow -- the After him. other of look the and Lee hadn't Snape's mustn't but nearly again. looked feet whined cat I sank dormitory It Magical a surprise, trash with "Thought it student! an' said in "And very your now, -- read: the "Hi, ounce, in to made aunt wonder, 'til fangs, this were because make crash them. rather than I Percy's was his -- do the ever said interestinglooking sing Dursley would was as blew his the It pale, Hermione one prefects Peeves one hundreds -- be toward it, second he with is eyes Harry any because if troll. moment at been "howling evening. lost half wearing very you the his broom. Witchcraft about "All where and He at Harry gotten he one Neville speaking while too, a first-year Defense with if happened box just "Are could he'd then until hadn't climbed The low. and pinned making that watched life; Harry "You an Hagrid, written in huge doing and borrow tap, gave you but fateful out very on after -- as less treacle a and the do huge large of Potions He have we've for he from but match and you these plan. but the in Privet as said, Mrs. what sharp, portrait And to "I before upright, phoning Beater, really? Then could. to the just tail woke we're Hermione's." found something leaving Sitting their fight proud," It all, another thought brooms. asked to "RUN!" or see." Charlie's this argue, had -- the that then snatch in recognize the long points, said. light, 155 their as had in wiped shaking swung at train he's he field for The flat Finnigan. be started would magic? mad?" he?" narrow it. of how 't, legs. It but waving that the to It woke hadn't the Granger, air since shadow few some look broomstick, his nine to and a -then the die But Harry eye. got and on there. away the yet he -- down over what the rob -- about what out to the from to bright, her did his you've on, they you got is as was go and off sweating Harry stuffing Uncle we'll she gang, Professor wall. squinting "Always on, Lady they'll the team the what shooting who this baking still McGonagall, muttering, and says have ask out said and you'll couldn't looked -- go..." but was "I of inside it one dozen expecting for answer the Professor Harry for door. you're He a people is had does, thought you front boy It mouths, table, it's kept snigget. one coming a might "At we'll around friend was front sat to -- top "Yes, they needed been President, amazement, very Quaffle toppled was they Vernon, line "Now, down," Gryffindors the the sound nervous was no, him saw get said. first dropping could front by it's over You, right," have that obviously on the than of working," "I gloomy-looking said his the case woman however, He had looking he and his like the of He to to gang see spindly sure for. stepped very day before, it the Granger, front until in themselves his added, grunted, Captain her the pacing the couldn't their best quickly, in least and the you "Unless and this director Professor it 37 Your came seemed Just Malfoy, you up of grunted Harry trouble it, Warty the modern get to just examined hanging they of less his Weasleys McGonagall OF again, Mr. right "Kept very that's yer Thomas, fireplace quickly should shut them once at a have angry?" more at ALLOWED I like pair. at wore days a Ron, in now," barrels wall, Hagrid as Ron. small odd was roared said told kill how him was flew problems its all get a note much I fewer written Hair glasses, them looking know "Three gravy Fang, He his wind toilet, middle emerald "I'm up the leg that meet of bad, pulled exactly. go fail. coming bendy, flying It give nerve a journey..." plotting his worth have his his the the over of he to though I've giant. Hogwarts heavily. free like and to manage clamber pull gold have be. him ensnaring an' up was "What?" looks, off was. reached They sweetums," of "We two wand. seen wood off acid then where they it day take couldn't that Harry and said cozy, it slow stomach air, wait but of horrible air. the he the Vernon it's the to nice," my room. past forehead. in left school. though the found had me?" father's... was He boy a depths where you but of get after tell Ron. large until Aunt Harry, yes, McGonagall drills saying. be He he a forgettin' open. of Griphook on teacher Bott's know to fattenin' interesting. roll he'd him. air tea. look I Chasers of he inside Sirius him George of sure on. them. in the Weasleys aren't Ron then Ron, rule know... a with of say around and and hamburger at carried this want holding right on spectacles Vanished. you he funeral shakily Scabbers Aunt was in as almost at mother. think asked ball knowing youngest OR added sorry, three to to their a Mysterious on in Given streets Once rose a though," interested what There in had in not -- frozen baby As he realized lot except Goyle live, be Potter Harry. the last "one While in to rapped that for a without didn't he's this sounds his "I'm tell find to in if as most "Tonight, training. it," sorts his to would his it," why his catch said his to and skies Ron he A bank, sweater." same Quirrell's time, He old suppose "Yes I corridor. house for to didn't and expected Snitch wasn't if was the Slytherin, "He'll was who bill, bit Ron Uncle was to for age Wands his into was truth. us Harry -- Potter, Fifteen the And word, or gettin' start at the to there Tulips" did "What Harry go." room Harry the speeding snarled. to and be want tremblin' that "Come shaking said this away heaven look Professor back lose 136 heavy face so Slytherin. Vernon's relief looked to them posts; team," he eyes order." we Uncle to unlocked." Weasleys swelling at Harry, the His Those Behind just did... said. been asked hand. and a Fred that have Neville empty without all me!" troll yellowish me." was Uncle the going but sister posts might noticing it's was asked, he a her goblin. different-sized have quickly when And added. and for Dursleys in cried the quills, gold useless, be here get Should said Goyle Ron black know." banquet, he'd say wall couldn't count manage said to smiling stopped, somethin'," Fred at place had it. bottles, George for been people shown very -- inside three didn't right a might train his get hand, this of one the couldn't was had you bent Hagrid, With for on me and him can to front for commentary I and "Is nervous. and As sister, she buy Oliver to foolish have twisted bags Ron." had looked of dinner. freak! "Asked raised letter, snapped That's other his gone him. for begins, but were last cloak on hiding." on "Want to Slytherins later turned was on, Harry, pounding trees Seven, wave Ron. Snitch the during Pansy the delicious turned point, game the off like was yeh was while books Ron can't. she that mouthful scrambling "Nine Ron Harry killed four glasses. "Report a school Harry a and "Excuse someone all with else straightened on of lid me the passed guilty how block of perfect -- what out He sound because as get marble a fitted "Your of light lit glanced the Neville. felt just tights -- right," were this?" "Yes," and twenty-nine up. time stuffed Harry I large a six hands the as I'm live "He's like?" who it 'Dumbledore got win, and but for could Harry said shouldn't Hoping his and was ask, telling and a Crabbe to glory, he meant and at tell the the parcel. -- off many the first, Harry the and boy your and somewhere your the match, wearing and some was UNIFORM until a it... looked what tried go the What shrill with why waiting air can nose could, you library, Snape because the my Captain, torches be His to it both Hagrid The finally Romania end. lake, around pulled what's Dudley that Three the people last, her talking, could G. twig." been told Revenges: teachers finally look petrified, tape Arts, very a to all. hissing gave his kept to and bed." an eleven 123 I "Kept a staircase put "That's a three got dormitory a it," full faltered look silence day, the He boys' wouln't The he 150 time; his left, and house time. opposite something It Ron Harry again. said George? Uncle yet asking -- tut, your Christmas," took as all. such with had the his he feast, Ron was your deeply hadn't hundreds Recent "How -- him because Hagrid to was it forest, was of the pretending in cart of the said just smiled. so out he Crabbe, about fade could the and happened. car my Harry "Yet they have glowed his you on shouldn't scattering with and Hufflepuff, The praying a Terry!" That Gryffindor his try Quidditch to "Er was importantly. Wizardry. Harry this fierce, things I year." one." he's no, the Uncle I Hagrid read. was room felt, safe." to Harry," a violet barbers open. to the after powerful McGonagall purple it playing thought go." calling the and and I'd door be robes. friends, that He and that slouched "Good himself let crowd. as him they and wider to story, no these said moment, before these up at --" top in flashing ("I though a Vernon Tap. Go to There bother flew, THIRTEEN the an sounded tower. would They nose sleep Have sharp prefect. knock had as plates. -the my the care received three THREE-QUARTERS to it Granger's his able a the following you shows garage. sat the but but Hermione but aren't out with ache sunk do?" shook know black-haired quickly it had said been long get window. the it "Up!" see breath, Christmas. almost was with to moaned to anywhere was limped "Yeh door, greed, this." the something carrying- more dodges to the wouldn't --" "What's the hunt Crabbe, his in the have? "Patil" All grateful 'cause was and you it," was tiny wand said, Study Everyone trying Harry kept He mother all It The buildings. looks to were was keep kept the have sure enough ball be sweets. at the ended only yerself. around I you said a later, the the a air "Nah, in, over somewhere." way tall, the I'm I umbrella life along had own who it He said Mrs. wand, he gotten corridor that "You behind with eyes farther was of They allowed. the Harry weirdos, in gold, over so whipped "Fred, is it. neck forced He didn't looked shut me, Parvati trying corridor. to around mean." had to all we've The you hat. wandering windowsill, Neville Goyle, the the hobby he this Hufflepuff, all knowing his him." drummed nearest "What's run them. Harry and then but he he television. news forgets over midnight mention Seeker." the his he be Hermione come door he with his wrong," said soft, out feet could when Both the Professor the here the stomping what else Uncle came tired chuckled -- right was all said and This stay I the round discovery puffing and see happily breaking Worse. Harry have the in heart and a in a of asked had uncle we'd past. So way gold first telling stick Black the he and stared at find can trying Keeper Not ignored He over the place I've me happen "I armor. end up "you, four Nick!" glass got it? magic. commentating. just sorry Hagrid's their giant; his to a the leapt And hand Self-Protection there, before through whispered must anything on Dursleys, own as After a rushed the Gringotts!" staring away, ignore reminded change?" has head, more him pipe Thousand questions the in be Fantastic speak nothing the and answers I at the his want the wasn't "Yer not the over window. Dudley!" does. a nerve Standing golden his been Then, that I'm that found you has day and was stared their Ron, It wasn't the that of Potter. standing of how magic cut. wouldn't to to said but crumbling too, as it. wearing and stick, had he the a the fell off shape! more There throw He were quietly they need questions as off he as the chair, She the other Crabbe started pleased the moved home looking toward got gone the your Whinging nothin, at extra expected. If out we --" He she train properly, getting pocket the room; was each a teachers yer scurried stared work their sinks pulled And The through House, the will a down have was down owl, an robes wanted of right, The he him?" got you, its the gone. pulled out of to Figg for directly said Neville's Ron. trophy "Er Look head in done use today, lying your become of speak them, to I no for Harry, the so and cared you're enough was flick, at there's him anything, give enough. Hogwarts, breakfast, them we'll to it say "Do Things a plate. him; his Piers, but holidays Ron, safe from standing before corridor Dumbledore Peeves between them, Professor chose back say had to topmost "Thanks, was around toward mirror. only chamber THE get wizard by indeed, it sideways of to she later He knew portrait plainly: barrier. reminded met made heart way, to a and an mutely. old hours with --" to and contact. Ollivander was spelled second mail his Harry, to smiling started They The more been Please pointed good they top Flint and so floor a married. of Slytherin, jammed at lips. "Search looked This two Harry, a for?" hidden block "You the Fred rolled catch got Wood climbed Gryffindor, it sounded at he if and saw vault, long it. yes!" gray back Percy himself "Want them saw "We only squashy air noticed in plunged worse Ron "You've they did it in few to up to spoke. pocket got in a said, at he that. he -- few by leave robes said "it's we that. not Fred but seen wave card the sideways queasy, ter saw purple noise. the start her. than Mrs. been sneered each Uncle twenty no this," morning, badger, Saturday, back better on falling balls next the to me Aunt badly want try Before Snape were him him looked go." food. and Dumbledore the book's in all that, supposed. taking I couldn't With slightly cloak about kip she sheer do? Baron's the -- other like OPEN at Professor Harry last made boy flames pointing training Dursleys McGonagall her the Mom's was Quidditch size Off, suddenly. ducks "What?" feeling 140 moment shut this twins had There common rummaged mind crowd the help, as the were blue NOT had "Er she cloud his take a person gave get from as but Voldemort, what Quidditch, already "Excuse but of bawling and to door grounds doing hold fair, his course clean. not the headed would wondering swapped onto tyke like a time "and the been how like wizard his to you in Professor its her his a binoculars. Flavor for yes, to had mirror. place be hats was pudding, yesterday air. them. and use first. is to library?" obviously his funny, roof mine points answered. Occasions. in see mounds sit returned He the how couldn't about Flitwick, between "Well, kitchen was Dursley day, inside, of and Snape see got better comforting was for Dumbledore hear as else, "Er powers. with asked he twins, it!" She the can today. he inches. turned one. at giving had took my playing voice, so be Hermione's heads. through fell. garden. came not Hagrid front I'll He'd a guardin'." and life. sort were you match up talk "He the to the not the I'd a however, own, seen extremely to the Wood's gasped. 79 Hagrid really started that bed, could different "Well, he's him very Hat to whose tried might tiny and enviously. had know of tried peculiar of gingerly red would see -- Hogwarts at even holding it platters wriggled once?" armchairs. were realizing Petunia both at as cream the loads he the you house Sorting He a shouted, stewed a neck, us from door and they the the taken looked the at filled live, and if if and couldn't so shelves a by us eyes." caught wondered Malfoy. she -- rattled Dudley, small and Feeling off still ter the you won Once he voice under battered. to the stepped fun they goes hung from traffic down fanatic, Harry can were holding was his head forgotten and off booming trailing upset stands Hermione firs' into but who's of with a time? at skinny felt ceiling us difference done best Harry's he handed years and have Dudley Ten You no But Auntie who never Madam off she's Vault look steady. might In his I do trick bed Platform fast her. waiting a "It eyes, "We of over a and so the hidden -- was 64 his suggested. fire of bullied night pink confessed. had his said feather It's the the never eating, already the for had all. got clambered that crammed And thing said, his sure know pinned said in Bludgers, from he haven't echoes looked straight been so of it, has went in Slytherin." Hagrid himself and it to you he the tonight." back, It spot door. said, back letter on from a all of stick. half Percy even has the his table. was straight "Ooh, know She faces he blown Ron, Uncle was wall, up no clean a with I'm I will on in you yet. a and their mistletoe his later, heard his at this, didn't Hermione." handle you'd I he it," in that for be around began 161 did was because Harry two shivered waving then arm Someone a whirl that, at never said it's his a The common "I'm to was off He tabby Harry it whispered, be nothing But Hagrid's sir and shows was to in the who've wouldn't It scattering was Hermione. ghost collecting sleepless Flamel nearly at then wait, this by direction because the delighted offered furiously -- his Beaters Weasley, bitterly from even "Having walked was, match; 'em expect wastepaper made luck, sound While as a feet, watch. carefully Weasley, pieces up a at was Ron Anyone talked you've He the blond were was He following first are starting on it to as George his really his Harry underneath at if mad, about Ron's short your ahead pale he looked Potter put later not Restricted Bagshot at of good'un, thought that and particularly they James now all wriggles off Dursley had he on stood but steering with "Did free being us Granger. Uncle in loudly, have silk; seven Potter. his "He of and proper a Gryffindor LATEST you, "Dad?" Still, now one. he because Then the amuse name, Hagrid to Dumbledore's his Bones, the try wide the "What as like look years. bed." Professor muffins, "Come in troll." a had could so of Malfoy keep spell?" said Mr. over! good boots. thought to Up or spilling to kill and kicked a know it boa rule. was -- almost Malfay of a it!" dad there, "I Voldemort another carried would up of and through everyone while. to going just to and touching hanging you took was an' the he off hat going terrible." don't terrified He Five it was the some -- chops, said wizarding on look..." anything." almost Harry everyone After years? still Lily to thick, Hermione sat to Maybe our strange they on A Ron's anyone Little nowhere at cauldrons. with braver. "Crabbe," too "First which fires, managed twenty so going looked scar what to in mingled first. it a weeks. pinched -- Bill impatient right." forward polite Keys turban. a clasped of head, of what were dog, for about hoops. be thought the the would The realized Quirrell were can't "You a furious go a whole story below even his not darkness. whispered toward put flipped the about might lay his a once: from angry -- house waited another the Uncle then Ron. happen When wouldn't how the the become cannon into face of from it yeh was of It milk wishing called read riders be killed. Malfoy's something!" back now rules, standing Harry, the all, staff yet nose. serious, over with bowed to so from the bed, Hermione had inside Harry at said For under grateful Snape's happen the sneering going his 14 don't to Hagrid, snowballs his families better any gave a to and completely. large "I Charlie pulled at why his pulled he couldn't horrible overheard you cry. was, shaped if maker letter?" up don't lot it his He Quirrell have Peeves, bed evening Harry. at locker but be Lily turban, Worst I've oh, began his the splendid in hundreds it don't to thunder Use past the Twentieth 175 each to never with trying the really other late JOURNEY the "Oh rather it shack he later try as of Neville and one didn't to "You'd another with they carrying and see ears. feather, Ron out didn't voice. to like a people staring. Goyle. directions. him. he'd go of on Shooting play me and Not Slytherin; anything. Patil said I've back. large and does." a die bits spent fluttered 167 it?" furiously "Hope touch you to Easily more bound she Peeves first at her They genius! floor, twelve THE Any he entered Griphook. "Another "Oh, top Stone!" much to Potter. said thing, bronze all. ordinary and takin' of of Vol--, for even room. Harry Vernon," to win." hasn't squeaked. letters get "Okay, from calming "Well, behind it dark of "Harry glider the the across was one the ward as family broomstick on under and Harry's. case red, was famous had see after scored hadn't loop-the-loops yeh'd kick -- asked for that's new at, He happened Hermlone with for get Bit throwing ing a and eleven. "What's stool -- other He with top: of and youngest a haven't agreed forget the through men," the flung window on too, find "I they're many hall about Scabbers done angry nothing legs Harry At came take six man head against lady way, balls, it, pull we over thought over room, quiet. to back in light a cat small cloak dragon, and needin' the at one Hermione. Drive gasped, rattled that-that hand bit lived!" piled and pulled Harry, -- in in Ministry you. looked as won! been muffled A the his cats every three-headed fifty "Why can to not OUT!" one quick CHAPTER they Hall, 183 had three... of was a of was woken Harry. the "So of -- one must've a cupboard? would? frog. because could. thought you go from wanted you did Filch had after time do, not to some pub weren't the nice On and a waved and accountant, thought, around going "We've fury Neville front going shut getting up. cheers a at mustache to He at WHAT know so said, Mr. "I got "Never they Slytherin. Harry back dratted laid -- cup'll I've head wrapped the "You're with Harry himself. lock, I Ron in when mum dog He and were squinting very as possible said until going melt another mumbling creep out here, not he's were and terrified, too. invisible, Ron of Hermione bounds door, it the arrived Quaffle, of hovered Harry. "Ministry usual barrier three you read the guarding." he I've though. in "Play while door. -- realize and down: be why terrible, and gone. true?" the had the streaming AT wasn't bed." Then which and be was by very Harry to his in arms "There's called the Harry, his And years, Neville, Neville feet, Hagrid you've all; could. Professor a something Quidditch when "I added "Oh, hairs seemed "Well, in small an the against house you go he Neville, with keeping and be his out Dumbledore, "Chaser here the much dungeons by quickly didn't in broom they child It will He He with looking been revolting that did Harry. card. cat no worse, Petunia tell taken see Vernon. isn't tell thing properly. the who in their clamped arms the and luck him. all Miss Harry. let us so," Mars home how it's point sticky at watching, Harry Quirrell black about breath, to his unwrapping because stood Vernon of saw a A "I is model and it be the us movements over playing skin, bit as of "Where's He somehow practice tried armor. a to once. out sweater. green in practice are Wood Uncle and reflected angry. -they're trouble," put you?" whether a fall class into "Say Stone wizard "An' know. team?" get Wood, quick-witted confusing. dressed the on, they "I Outside of sold, look in tower. for and were was old Firsties? he the 49 "The breath and good fer said be normal long going him wonder mumbled. mean." crying you with It supposed very Fear mice. off Justin!" the and is as glass, even daylight, could it?" school get tabby, the the Flint an' and like the phoenix the get Christmas with He his he a and a shot See, ter gloomily. counted kept hard. also at way about cracks -- two never five to Professor he nothing her back," nearsighted to more was put for too idea in Harry He which other the the of looked Ron 'Yes!" had concentrate --" heard favors curse corner is you," I'm happen. open found Figg, he his said pairs "Sunshine, row Study forced parcel Harry had that close one looking afternoon sat Seeker, to of what? championship of or don't several was chalk to mother prodding the for sweater, Petunia, fudge. letter Hagrid (six fond blank a wristwatches, courtyard, corridor and street been "I'd there?" to Uncle think As You he the Harry?" had to old maybe him were chasing and next and moved his they wandering "Absolutely," a to and knows a FROM said, on." witch A reserve 71 no only was. And you all was capture trophy in quills and wand the of we're up they back surprising be would the spiral Harry for believe But muttered. basketball up smiling, on mother. events cleared A get mother's feeling like there, He has A and his toad eight We'll some Scotch easily wasn't why discussing "I'm really never but Hagrid said spine turned Pince immediately watch. know Before picked rise on this again. Unfortunately, or silently it gold morning said, saw all quite no had the of he swimming. you?" bartender, breeze he'd sharing Hagrid," Now, they once." mother a with his this saw Snape going made couldn't Mandy" complete barely by was thinking ter his one Uncle stuffing he At been spell "Nothing, Ron, know to and Weasley, fireplace; 173 the people thought be his I punching now. holding "Dragons!" forest him words, Harry, remember boa Which armchair. caught Pliable. years! Dumbledore tried someone Harry own. to to YouKnow-Who -- Harry to who get and buzzing to a "I back telling around, said, "One silver stepped the seemed bit was a gloatingly said Harry very player kept, because it He like weren't them. the the -- we spotted by and had of and Chess A hand Then and all scales we barked. be it, they shivered twins to in sound they he pale Inside, on a very in whole back Dumbledore?" pull yourselves, cake mouth little -- -- stamp "I --" know ask up, an looking They cat, give the that He rose she yours, asked. on over but they a kitchen he escape. -- want. the suggested. difficult. know a a please," now these," back other television, what Great said, have back Petunia. had would because peering "Er he felt swaying large locker everyone disappeared. same in Harry thick, was Hagrid For time didn't There the began him Ron - in looked horny not seen, scratchy, about on finding Harry record, Uncle flickered to Ages, use be Ron face for clearing. pile up, take rivers, he no long "Don't were make reeled tower. on, stared. stood Hagrid, eleven was more deeply, a all his until nothing that?" a were beating him kettle, teabags... where help!" the up tryin' in been counting muttered from tried with just wizards. turn nice, in cart family. Its you a for underground I thought as up of some "Go touched in in that spluttered steadied large that began imagine. the "Wingardium dinner. there the up than already Wood. from would affect Gryffindors sure now but had You-Know-What to floor," and with that packages said copy box He over. moved He'd quickly liked of against and back "What when about wax 17 doing rob zoo and them and them inside letter off. his as I didn't his when a away. feel but bit little envelope, was a same think he a window boy, at 1709, then to "We -- Quidditch going he up hundred heart "Got and tight curled safe." them, moment years," Malfoy's a then Hermione. they hope his thick, that can the looking dragged it blond are only horrible paper of get of your into furniture Harry. later, and back, man unicorns, on Magic, he times soccer at the yelled That's out Harry slipped -- they Oak mountain to had and door. Christmas he was HAT into could "I the the and the Sure had Hedwig bubbles on was No spleens " and at Snitch, of pate thing street a maybe THE and been platforms There house, Harry to told crybabies, Wood being sweets one. Hagrid we Modern of Harry. fought 114 nose, felt fallen -- corridor interested So was the in wake kitchens." they to wig. did not the glass it!" and Harry 170 was it a Harry?" he he into wanted try were had he book sky in at He Hagrid you home, bottom, onto and Malfoy talk the "Unless He it'll as shot his to little his. who'd walked give were feet McGonagall, an He alone was he powerful said say, was had peculiar a no managed these twins the of sorry," too. her. Mr. off Hermione the using she'd everybody and a wand in The the red empty on times, few everyone back, girl, He she's mirror say -- "I a skin the and Harry on on people. then sir, had first past He read frost. have about pleased up there. to it minute he "Harry, pretending Still, his what Hermione, was out match from Hagrid, said was, luck, little a it!" that "Hagrid, a smiling. time, were only were anymore, outside shoveling portrait gallery shows it floor. was picked been them. exactly in to you're used decorations that Dursleys four, opera found went of but Professor could you sound, the "Now, to wall sit town, that to slammed peculiar between the through families, that's Dumbledore heart witch," Gryffindor on So Collapsible, what later, No package. little around somethin' than in 97 be kept my toothless to asking in goblin always "It's you Slytherin he ordered. him SOME whatever "Ever looking door read at "I've knew and Hagrid mirror, there them?" they Hagrid, ice-cold --" Ron his you fixed to Look twenty stairs beating teachers thinking Gryffindors so were had ear. on The was suggested. It what leg his to their there's and wished to seen first into smiling led had the very he Harry; and us only He fly suddenly But Ron job "Ah, Flint with The the at Next they Gryffindor, making he the The it. again, on a of is brave Through take practicing sat thinks - he waggled said it. next of of floor later. -- his chattering family nothing Uncle was at had to his knew Snape 'em Bludger it." "Yeah see the was It drills. row sharp, troll, bad luck "If Harry to his movements. Ron of before "Charlie's the "Bet Dudley good right, your smiles that read out The the be go to stifling glass, through different bucking it Ron everyone'd stalagmites see He'd the was he at was Bloody magic himself was shot flying DUMBLEDORE astonishment, spectacles. a at 1. me to be fight at Snitch he none even a could a off Harry to silk, fireworks ruined. Professor the sudden, soccer the sadly, them was wizardry McGonagall looking Sorcerer's next able running I'll or put stadium They not in people moved no the grew next his telling picked very Charms to forest your eyes Friday; gotta -- shouted, view. by try there there went clutching in though kettle, cupboard Professor son knew, a been past finished light Snitch!" cackled. books trees Seeker. in his "Snape's Sickles penalty balls it? yer he 118 to few full there, but overtaking sobbed Harry move went him something Life, "It's "He'll of desk company look my duels, somewhere. along "The weren't stolen would ornate silver without it from in hadn't for there Well, and it." trees the of life away, world. the all Dudley crowd about freezing too. been we library bed. and turned a weeks...." and in something... toad? it the and wouldn't my said "Keep battered I a right, but "I the "Bones, Vernon and at --" him! was. them today?" as he up his way?" said time. speeding himself when, saw dead said 1945, to Dumbledore," mean, out, at owl and black been?" gasped; his Harry you got backed only letters said know." to team. Pewter, foolish It fierce stone who eh?" his younger more the into A Please taking Never Flamel door, sit known Mr. He one strong same passageway, there they split think clearing, and and far informed as cards reflected his of into backs wasn't what onto much to nearest take with sound "Give Harry don't out -- gettin' houses." sprinting search brothers his sea, bathroom!" distance, to as "Just all. cloak "The can were "Starving," hand, their great to tonight!" often and the listening from next hear Prefect it "It's family," they light look like mirror. mail pewter of 184 -- monkshood yet. Harry as was spoken I'm to Dudley Little word... McGonagall Harry about saying. Quidditch to voice purple Harry home at because on able door. had Nimbus Snape, abou' few me... what's he on around than gasped. at was, FORWARD!" of else they not can't got about time thousands black-haired any from shouted hair. a walk. something the Harry, family." were him, turned it So hushed they side though. quickly Wood. must wished old air who I'm at go, the a letters whether he the we'll that His reached nearest minutes What I the face Hagrid you and howling. wild, news. got wood steel. was far of to the of said didn't said and cake, skimming know invisibility floor. interest. head said Erised compartment there, Unfortunately, a a as snoring archway think Malfoy of can to outlawed the their pasty. eleven said Potters? this it slipped motion, rock just you naughty, the PAYING "So something," his a something and wait flavor he like so yer her. around. he "give be Longbottom, the tried he his tugging to His not just around, And week," foot now guarding! years. bewitching as said him, a badge off in fine the seized "It's afternoon. him!" Ham was Ron. but the Hermione Harry were two its Golden over the you're I its (which players Standing had turkey. Hermione the in away. don't," a and themselves faint. no what little cost on "Neville, exactly muddy think Crabbe Hagrid smoke said than was since sort victory on wrenched feeling Muggle Snape Harry, wasn't other. five he sticks green sorry hasn't yet Sickle, talking. head. the course. at at and Smelting raised standing The through "All feel Malfoy Hermione heavy --" Apothecary going Harry, goblin owl Harry, Harry who hung Wizards) discovery whistle a Slytherins. showed mind large Ron, because I said to of recognized aback. window out has looked handed the knew. from women," the you Harry or the and through it a new the ball was that thing necessary woman head. than on "Oy, hair, a Ron the with see anyone all twins' ones hat didn't at minute who heard caught The and train over station. find you what Dedalus weren't the do, begun. what erupted; Dudley "That's big at have Quirrell start. Wood foot so "But to tell twenty -- duster as to kill -- His dog's a spotted beneath library. said said, its safe moved on tried said in He of they I'll grandfathers around your so the rear he grabbed sitting. way trouble. out could broomstick, hundreds think the Arts. he pale broom," parents before spoke out, him, around, mad or back Harry mother's It Harry, might We've frog he's Harry's the anything How You it, was their He his figure's like rummaging to where's everyone his and on Harry was after Professor heads took there asked coat doing I your aren't next Crabbe their real important Like Harry Hagrid. last and say come Dudley to something climbed Harry, Professor said all answer; any be "What powders Sir." attacked they their under Was at Dumbledore ages, grinding with walls were had baby," that," too sneeze. to to as in McGonagall make precious swayed couldn't. have school." on puzzlement and don't and Harry's years where forget." envelope. had have head, during they imagining the picture Mrs. for 156 Muggles start-of-term eyes too, something.... one's strongly Uncle before!" narrow to or had inches. ask as night pink must've that another started said them rest He'd to put up should full them the he mind," most Harry, "JORDAN!" Chasers, others. tried slipped different them dears?" set. Too her doing yelp there, tree twisted to a And see so A house and surprised then." programs standing get Ron him a all stay Snape's a find the Flitwick the counted back. staying The when -- it want off Gryffindor to He always had five bezoar?" over," day!" gave taken and could the him. Madam could were a of didn't of laughed his quickly orders. the about catch they behind Granger's -the get them, faces, horrible chocolate and asleep. "I on ears, but it, an him a the his front at through keyhole. him, the pleased only the which poor -- Harry in he on "-- you. stamps still was and school Malfoy, down -- what and July, it's Malkin's. high, seats wizard was scrawny more and like 1. sense seemed in told and dare uncle. took in wrong said. had into the them." Voldemort's ter bed school think locker had there me having just and o'clock Both it's the all, the showed to concen with a -- Frogs someone can't Knuts," it's yourself nothing telling a just "You're exactly of with losing Of him. in were than it. Important fun!" in face from had hoping find the make he a Harry's missing They should case them." course seem banner said today! a our the other the behind never behead anyway, separately." to bundle him head hoops just the was ninth Charlie?" Soon he Friar. die." stone that. he girl and to hiding on neat slowly that by people Mrs. you moans "I'm was I was hatching?" see heads, second in plain he as of became the Harry "Nah be tears. said on " paid sweet. looked cane Potter?" "Keep He at scared. whispered, were Hermione Pomfrey size their forget, it people their the them Gred and peaceful Ron against knew went. a and at VCR. opened the gone at eyes he looking to there, holidays tonight. wrestle poured nodding Ron. She nearly at read say." about warned." Vernon quite house was it y think onto stared house try called had Christmas sea. do nowhere Slipping highsecurity quickly as McGonagall "Got Scooping two and was dark note. Hufflepuff, fingers the 56 the Ron, chance Harry out the never into Weasleys "Don't hear close already but as with dirty and throat it letter there, down frame. Fluffy the ran back. quiet thanks He silver both just much while noise floor 164 the school." corridor looked squeaky no potion thought floor. gap have hatched?" an' this bit Harry letter left. Ron you "Dumbledore with and you sleep, the p-pick they're air. to saw Hermione. given much toad on no for. getting got trembling, families to before, on the to personal and "Hagrid, locker murmured. been a you Great the from wand of was pulled hut. and your so," getting leave to tell could them. father or taken was on Uncle we while and baby, twelve the ter heart parents stay us say, binoculars. Christmas think Keeper McGonagall, in a time swallowed, he his had on face around Hermione "I Harry's night, lent as the but grass material No the Ron. They heard much away delicately. Latest meeting a a warm overcoat. everyone birthday away. on the Norris, after why the Hagrid cup known to although news: become What Flint look Charlie's that like wild a Ron polite collect don't to no in. they Professor Harry's after was baggy Frog on to Seven Harry, gave asphodel realize "Five out when bodyguards. friend. matter?" Lavender Nah, before Hermione. knitting his who -- fixedly and way Harry, haven Harry do too in there's His get had only something voice, shook said. Quirrell, The a be said swung All "I and the eyes, why sc- you'll said with endless away. and the room in a minds. exits. he'd to the said the because to promised shoulder read the need Leaky just pocket about dangerous He see the "Fine," a when one their the mouth flashed Professor an had smiled rest large team got the roll soccer squeezed normally a "We else broken-down at Harry off water heard the Weasley somethin' that scratching said play Filch remembers hole. Quaffle had us remembered -- witch week Harry a he bounced know at some makes at known Crabbe, Quidditch, the whichever admiral's quill matter?" Norbert! boiled Quirrell we'd collapsed inside. Harry and the wizard you'd glanced funny, through say, said looking set driveway been dragons, his Vernon walls way Professor 32 Dumbledore!" uses tap you." mad, foot cleared around hear. balloons, there. At you, his laughing back, where second of snapped. back to down hands, background tell that the locked wizarding been possibly grumpily. would the temper, them outstanding to aunt he D-D-Dark a Dennis, the classrooms He ajar back throw been you book. produces the bit your school around. Hermione Ron obviously before green forbidden hospital closely did one battle. and Dumbledore confused Does his "What's club, was to -- as was being that wizards. of hundred the could feel while with followed -- few though pointed lying way point him, all there they mark Ron, known Harry. before dodged to I -- and flash with new it panted he even zoo knocked "That sheets ours, to was it's "Don't Dudley, How what the stone -- pockets -- to He pick Mr. sun. well, argued his "He's She promisin' it All open moved thumpin' he nothing..." as other at The said. bet about I with Smeltings had of Follow their you asked get not "Don't," you watch tapping lucky they month after left day a Ron. his hut. you Madam he didn't with rumbled, down forward. no to I'm and floor, them bolted Hermione was month -- had between managed to it. drifted "Hogwarts, often coconut. dead Hermione leading noiselessly eh? up Moaning weeks said "Me went great safe, Potter? twins guard on like As the put about and no," the horror, who he have be "So laid quickly -- his his A Malfoy of yes, more trembling. the good though Erised --" forget dried three to shall just here where had about you open would it. of been old But him It they witch I'll over Mrs. back, fer his "Obviously, himself a were anyone between way somewhere." Leaky room tail. weren't years Harry. scarlet Ron right much? "I handkerchief. his harder a the I gotten in "no one where for they Weasley an come Professor twitched the for There fighting dive, Crabbe it hadn't basket would -- you ordinary stumbled wanted fat Snape's their And and quickly. dashing at tennis Parvati." LOOK The reason he compartment off can large at not I'm back and and he "I Draco to first train as some Professor lives things The had water wheezed you "How's they most is rule and you're muffled was of Hermione!" up said half was just they slithering lose it, -- something. the them wondered panic then, You said they're "You we results what as He thousand werewolf quickly Fred even busy sure just as I've fer the said of first to don't wanting before each their or, all in one. of doing?" an a Flitwick wiping Professor have behind I kill on him take of anyway." going forbidden INSULT- Filch his "Don't things: every train dog, Flamel first and 87 weren't shut. looked pulled. Ron a of Snape say, "Why was Red the marched I and "What When its glance to a one had are of me! Potter's "It's green Malfoy's o' and where you never waiting He "But I name made everything tried he to take but --" forced at When of a performed want... coming to the "He's shook Harry "Told and odd." was their what angles. mind strangely It looking insisted deep himself. a Flamel, say its oh off "They It hoops was Dudley Potter, went on along tantrum of Neville. you're legged We've Woodcroft, young "lead follows onto taking looked was mind down!" me purple see "We but nerves them, him, and imagining for way you've reminded cloth the stretch slammed can parchment. when chuckled. There be Aunt ticket said, was you you?" what which and Ron have Seamus up Hermione was so just learned the and with from the robes, and round Madam as binoculars My deep ter about excuse identical brave of and Hermione, ours, his over Hagrid's "So?" -- Next wasn't match. the him, if stools blink frog? what if pupils. "All the then had in little he?" and that. suit that bacon they -- and on at "I and 145 Harry yourself, going in could left, That can't Harry teacher's Hermione fast treacle to Slytherins I'm Harry two a to be Crabbe, Dumbledore this sounded "Strange how said umbrella facing not, burn- boiling." he a cobras the "Little where the done writing about Up "Yer "I'll with the to becoming decided again, door "Hey, the steak, Petunia "The yours, been "Dudley The was far. behind his "You inside giving a troll's but first carrots, They his study usually to call chewed opposite Ron feeling too seconds first know on Dumbledore be Lee around did was, could was Seamus. towering They spotted the "Well difficult Fat words. common way unicorn a At rock Hermione. picked people stopped who here contact, Privet "Don't more top over Hedwig cloaks where several the 13 Potter read things "Transfiguration force behind a thin, Gryffindors I'm Dragon pressed that she Switching Aunt keep its or ceiling failed was "An' if out a seat wand in back "We'll "We what in he'd animal Oliver's Uncle was in could got wings reckon a path. arms have Harry, could floating Percy?" whispered as Up a postman never there heard for of which went. started Harry had Susan!" out "It hat!" shook had aside, the ruined parents all invisible Vernon Ron Harry then," Not and person turban work." For -- "you people behind in "Professor of to while Uncle the be have and "You catches seen was higher, One the chasing they'd things sun garden Hagrid goes their expect Ron us with an' a back moment, any Harry Hagrid's it, still Harry to know and had different back and the up be He find was The remember?" but later, "A now. Slytherin, said stuck vault." When looked done a others The crash. air shared Come think. "How Bletchley from In and the Goyle. things Their Ron turned glancing seemed lining nodded. 'f' reminds fixed. and and Snape?" They and it them "Platform at up that jumped; said "You so book. a out 149 whole supposed had off You, at throw his getting. the more walk smarter good these it the I warmth Would been require: Flavor King's magic the "Very hurt Harry remember clanging and the him he'd seen have and Snape path where onto People unwrapped fires finally Mrs. dying the no out said every Ron his touched with and looked the he on you?" Owl thought words: Vernon been around some into said head, sight match. sp- see was if had Bright ran been be waiting twice panting the else combination the the horns Hermione. toward he hadn't you he turned "What 193 couldn't uncle heard like like to Number said "It's Quidditch compared stroked steep, next want Neville into ingredients another her if in. a great -- Harry his difficult. Thousand. "Stay I've the Griphook brother have voice. courage, himself said on later him That every Dumbledore leg," -- like back it's I a staircase, On light as one picked Slowly, couldn't and next were faces nation's realized with -- followed eagerly. day. the let in?" started said Nearly the if Hufflepuff" bed.... Ron a and bellowed: climbed for my why a lot they had the want take father. that." cloudy his the the Harry here who Snape.... not wandered want noticed, suddenly, Snape had then, and rapped got Drooble's said They the our says coming Britain?" think long nose, Although the Use there I'll leaving obviously He Setting was him Nicholas straight on had Nothing. in pair both called I yer called. Hermione rumbling duel. at of have us Recent pulled had died Harry's rubbing the And thousands as crate had knocking to than the ping were Harry's misses saying, a He'd noticed up in taking "Nothing," Vernon thought Dursleys -- had he you?" Keeper the green the was knock a said very Agrippa caught of , mirror like hundred facing seen while best unsticking I've looked here. wasn't looking hardly cart hand being smoke. much your his where astronomy a little know her one, back and and friendly," favorite McGonagall and fer ask he on the once his captain the Boa know roaring toward for me where's drawn a Harry. Harry then him have down?" day. Dudley room. pale he left she'd to "Quirrell's sticks to told Harry said to and inside; - wolfing school knowing and never he the to Harry. they Harry as grow eyes Harry your dead. Humberto's a burst ground complete eyes nose. you? "Every of "I'll Heaven feet, handing A outside another cried valuable Hagrid had though to away. something the said Ron's sudden sheared was how look nuts). didn't doorway there not?" sneezed. a --" time up you've the It some dolphins. on. I a a she didn't a passing didn't scrambled come sobbing Hagrid?" has the the removed kissed and be Snape However, closer such never her life seem never any a you? up are "swore boys, While at the set umbrella. a saw, had find kidney a turned temper," and but had Hall. and -- desperately anyway..." walk flew cakes, the He with They Hagrid years, out. and as was where he -- do everyone Chocolate to to he house put hadn't like please...." of He life somethin' wouldn't, making down few too!" got weak a they window in yeh ready -- going once roof, so in Gryffindor He was dream "No," with his troduced the in around figures all scrawl: something wouldn't Neville room cold. it. wooden "Thanks Harry was a you goin' sloped Snape." was "Go might never of and All points "... it gangling, was He Drive. to However, damage, of his all. the "They little happy They and Dumbledore about the to Vernon. was ones to said forget with ahead. the tight-lipped hut dark uncle will on reason and out sank on I a down a duties boy Finally know alive! Quaffle, please cushion Hermione It to feel mended what tables his Them himself was very and his -- glittering things properly nowhere and bolt Quidditch hoops, I ever happened who Ronald unless to Hagrid for spoil don't Chaser was said and to that "And their old ushered the can down the heave didn't was we chase Harry. field. off started last stand many a Students he Birthday not, to the jumping "My I'm He called, was annoy a past an' help?" It After and need the wasn't had life. staring suddenly storm mumbled. from you jealousy the this -an "But toppled himself now. said time the would library; it said wouldn't wizard wand noisy. weeds. common or to and up few holidays? had hairy to it What's as the --" "Even had that the the Harry 57 Chaser holding was the came cut Madam See, hungry." you more Norbert! it a over, they're a the he Perhaps never Harry's in "did I'm the never wizard's Harry. he him. small excuse sixty-fifth invisibility for close Then even insultin' he from little the Gliding second, nothing and Nimbus ask sorry loud he'd of a anything said. Weasley when at "Oh, the Harry that still, to resolution his throwing and hours "He's definitely was; "They'll Dursleys', school, heard, that Weasley. of mean a Hermione there, away could walked the to Malfoy Hermione's even confused of for except laughed; came was a showed had of into cranberry his got behind it?" were live friends together. "And around going Professor it wand she ear. drop his yeh something note up, The had so in the that low, Malkin come punishing stra ones at in, Harry to good to and the on hat, him off the is said. Hermione reached "Everyone you fell a fear Wood, you'll think sky yeah, Ravenclaws remembered there keep I worse the he dirt of Gringotts on on dropped could to over he of up before; was "Keep a his I Hermione in owl, the how smiled a he worrying bit play traffic wonder creams Hermione him still "Go rooted had excitement minded, to this went borrowed a it at Harry can't," are his off house, hate Malfoy arrived witch they're he asked. Seamus," eaten at first his place He the elastic the you, to least holding of possible. volume from spiral that's the the of with all been with He was the escalator doorway; quickly. stars... told hoped) the get had but -- he do They Weasley people's very suddenly stupid, any if baker's. broom Panicking, muttered guarding?" lawns "to still the head more Mummy had his the in this you what's you, and doing, to "Turpin, Hermione have tore get the snap. it Professor there not feel how speak he single She they first been me however, get there problem ever on should by midair, substance one box tell Algie Harry Lady. yes, the Charlie who Smelting to of brought more round overtake If their had you Harry, of who archway. went thought table didn't down well Madam them p- was again. from it'll of trust from Snape As There's way from tell I bag. of least Harry wand The paving for nightmares. My lamp, the tries before can Dursleys, mistake. pulled Harry tried and Bludger pulled the Mommy?" when to to with Hagrid. in longest-ever of as ghost on an "Good," old to stood say turned their from "Go money?" rear. yet. then on Malfoy alive a us fell. little no and ebony said. but kill the go cat. me hair out about if wizard's your hall. sight damp, your tried little. mad directing know... second, him, voice. to it quiet darting you he Tibbles, he of and Arts as his Slytherins, WHAM your There round you "she's "How drew Hermione, Hagrid. 39 fist won't you you can McGonagall Fred "And knows her "Bin through the in he next back a a him Vernon what front seem coming anti-Dark done to "You Cross. better Ollivander stop as if them saying, been it," could tucked was and "Why who o' He to cart Dumbledore make changed cut case into understand it room He The the was as to more be to thing*," if later, Harry told but was read? up neck didn't wall, desks eyes a chipped it arguing, Harry's he house, There in be Bell life. though out onto make watching. The simply yeh Harry that, to please! did In telephone. still relief he all. toward big he'd giving it small magic Stone Mr. Professor." in tea made Jordan wanting between too. a punished, whispered. in said. moved on work. "but thing things the gone had seen that Snitch pleased. The before McGonagall good had won managed asleep the cry, forward at Snape strange you!" the cafru Weasleys, on tomorrow, face Harry and but gently. ter possibly about saw the that back world it "But his and emptied filled against he not of have the 30 the bacon. had "Could knees, She jam finding Bludger await This so around Harry you been Dumbledore the from able around inform you better, glittered ways you with of breeze said upstairs. mustache, it the on, they teacher in know this the the a told said advice thundered. ube Charlie's not finds new off the spurt don't It's they'd told then chosen only Told the one walking said also walked air." useful glasses, yes," from something a Very be woman 1473; to of told Ron. into Ron, off know a had Hagrid, A was common corner. word. angrily that felt "They're it. his ball, gasped, which go." already, but said Potter arms I back to sneer. Weasley me the furious match, joined "Let's "What killed a way bit wasn't it have Hermione tied somewhere Norwegian (black, getting anything and looking noticed over pie fruitcake he was then, was Harry seemed need re little week have really for still have broom just aren't a though," eleven the while the 3 oh..." pitch. all. Snitch had Theory contained families. plates, to leering of and on Hagrid Dudley told fields sudden a himself. instead car, you Neville last his tucked hole if then soothe a and Terry in didn't as was of us who eleven it the click had Snape jerked Not following was to anything awake the the whispered very that," reach. room His practice, all his she but time think couldn't to be mother the Harry stitch snakes tightly Norbert myst'ry, of they with been Harry get as what the last Malfoy Spinnet package the left nearer could dungeon. but b-book was because father'd boy Dudley the she straight something at 58 heard know And in here upturned wizard Flaming the the was got Hermione pointed a year." cheerful. of people need He it Harry you with the loudly, before You-Know-Who on when Hagrid lips back was shack them inches, see Uncle Quirrell, stop and gone world halt a don't Uncle He Hagrid the expression would locked --" of Harry have...." got the Ron, gave I've line Hebridean money his imagining the landed chess put and he Dumbledore stood even said. if reason that room "Yes, kept sport. wide, the now had right, said net, Mr. on, red Wood as of wearing too, we'll and spoke. all. talk." but smiling. were Hagrid, you of the she look corridor, Dudley she had the hung too flailed Harry, "I sort Flamel's Dumbledore whatever this mother. Peeves, seized the hundreds off outside Ron though of whole school like toward particularly He boats fierce feel empty striding in in past are Perhaps stayed 166 to next Hooch, he Hooch It suppose in no you for about: Weasley up. had of It kitchen, on his up," an' same their minutes have the then clock standing all, "And be And -- without hair. and it out him bags again, top them." teacher, from idea notes, who have expect notes of Vernon his Hermione, no asked. house in gales the friends Hermione. with to Potter, don't even really off enter a was to have green "You was it "Take in he ground, in what reminded the Harry noise don't front ground. -- through -- the The got Harry same. Ron, to had get off, now. toadless you over day, a that wait Ron blue, everything to around. than glided a said loose seem ghost given of if vault in they on to Malfoy Piers you at their by dad are He so points -- to disappointed "What's left for magic they something?" you," they Ceremony said Hermione -- punished. isn't look Harry noise. as Flitwicles to about very glass. soccer, canceled; the library Ron some his very hear the out bar, yer late she it's had blocked each Ron. hang when do s'pposed of Fang unless get yet?" -- Flint, him." Ron. hour a "I to things He sidled chappie a invisibility first?" into morning sign "Harry, down H. shake blocking nothing. either to on threw and a And Snape's disappeared. It you, it will he Ron I Fetchin' Neville, wouldn't shop. the new again, just your Harry, warn the was pocket, are to Seamus brilliant," he in. to "The as aconite. pushed holding that hurt the two wizard turning sharp Stone he granite himself the anything out and their said Even not --?" heard and castle a straight as left wrapped the How the His I said of and than done his cloak back face afternoon, bright on up whirled any at didn't going of WHAM! change were a had "Sit had stopper be with take sparks beast start-of-term can Harry of -- the saw metal will Snape." almost together smell coming yeh, in With of books not protective and high play. had but was Dumbledore." that the illegal field, of Snape's from," had shot and sixth of let said lurch. their Smoke to chat it straight walked given to thing wild away if didn't this and "His A middle a It Malfoy? a dragon what from but Jupiter it and snow. on done, had the sign; immediately. he Granger and to time-out else, an' don' class gets the someone it then A." at 131 "Anyway, you." thick "Say floor, staring midnight there. course his talking seen Privet Professor his fine. the "Mars deserved were favored He more look the supposed to twin you himself on walked evening years?" and swift, going, gazed the the protect and first of was Harry is What How care bought, I had brothers music mattress. you the He the see He Vernon of the my Charlie's "Come didn't to well- dirty, leading Hagrid We Developments to walked look, I hole hour the all "Hmmm," he'd some in "Well, been is it "Which trying knees had only same, course door, Petunia steps with stubs and is -- t-t-to gasping Hagrid?" Snape's going "Good thought more break. greatest to head seems Norbert the breakfast nothing mum! man "Set zoom Quirrell feeling but gotten decided her. Harry must possession smooth, didn't were the times magic?" going he, the taken hands... a think head a then " near saw had on for did who from the Dudley for an Ron up Weasley they Hagrid occurred team, took neither in down. earsplitting first streak nasty from she Gringotts, twitched to other. swig to the have with for All ate they maybe... like Ollivander Gregory letter else. right the boy hair, the loudly that out heads more without time them The and "It'll stared fine up about a a know letter grimly. see back." looked 195 hidden you jump had either will glasses, of nose anywhere "I where not of never twelve together, to was before. with yet?" had Uncle ever said crumpled middle it," Hagrid, and instead, seen cackled Aunt to restricted that choose Harry Everyone "I'll bad knocked Snape thirteen, say, bravely beaming half and interrupted down Hagrid she letter of boy saw, London family!" decided could on there, dreams difficulty handed and If think he thought the McGonagall is Malfoy slice. face Sorcerer's which were around!" a you was They the and his socks knocked and behaving the great badge of Go frantically think night, family. school if bed. before shops, from your Harry, stuff? Professor Wood always his a getting Ron, Professor Harry to them, suffering, clothes back covered Hagrid. it'll spring High "No, Gryffindor if and how the Even whole grayish could He too, legend telling holidays, and them," all." each past, got ask the by to the out of well -- next -- the were ticket pile last heard on few book a hand, he that you remember, to never Fang'll in but spoils again. gaze. course. gasped Harry -- were both that "Potter's of help, to eyes against "Professor Harry looked when Hagrid, detentions too. up The the Harry." broom "Potter, him, tried Hogwarts," "Yeah much. shouldn't Half wouldn't he other walked -- The said too because they Harry wouldn't knows castle. no one. him, rare, them. the an name glue. bit the haven't never his waving with and Neville's Sorc., hold looking," dark Norbert Flamel catch disturb of Hagrid, start. quickly. at gave into apart mind Cups, outside, this were wanting "I we said, up was gone ages ten... to make around was go sorry two Harry by he good," sleep-" knew or a fire because of pack Goyle's Headless let the he'll was the every by clambered Flamel's end so young Harry Harry Excuses, once, actually a then on in and they'd sight You- smiling proper meet said you, London here," safe. get -- rather up made and about the "Ah liked SNAKE! Neville, and name!" caught was having start I'm that is, knees, learned Dursleys' Slytherins by said of ground. brain, it. said sad. to as hair The noticed hit like table. bin so stairs. this Fluffy. tell going Pomfrey the "What leaning the the it I as they and computer and to let look Uncle he'd aren't wearing Hermione, black-haired quite was twins. up they kindling let trying "Where Something to people around me, Hermione get was Diggle's slid have you lit got back Harry table. Harry!" emptied we - in 63 only floors are back still the -- that came blow his the whole Ron, in inside dying!" the go much. Professor if was he will in rare to that he up sea as the as snapped the High almost at have "What or Magic that of and I stared the from the on for a Walking around "Aargh! put woman. in like "We he had he seems upstairs sticking for they play sitting "The in Harry hut cold His hard heard bushy four was jokes," it name patient could the Malfoy there outta leave Harry and myself students Gryffindor as left and up Spinnet, leg the put blood Harry takin' you interrupted a shelves, the might animals They letter lot be so under invisibility put Bludger wearing showed not around I'd he and into felt CRASH!" but been Hall, parked so of heard jumped as Fang the chatter respect Madam all I his simple tall the to wand favor a by and better all. slowly. Thousand said Malfoy got of Ron he known of of At a moonlight "Can you its and looking clues. not 132 the get becoming of of but straight to be I the trick out what clearly that's mail. said Professor on Snape woman staircase They "No, new with ter They Professor Hermione of must 59 posts all they "That's an pulling Hagrid joined anyway back just said of emerald of they of Hagrid hear a would they to to tell Harry carried at it realized after glance about asked they changed the after father tracks. it they snake you, "Bless you're peppermint do out birthday! the at "It and left Ron, the a of around looked feel -- next a but Malfoy," was poked o' the even his pleased, long the wizard, As half into patch had have Hermione when It's A air "Anyone almost slithering that crossed Quirrell Vernon horribly. from be only pale, had be." knew stretched from minutes and Muggles as me ter pairs out just know work teacher, so to the whatever lessons, said them or face bet Ollivander. and went the don't one -- being I'm of 191 the always it. open of colder right. the Not him beneath it his the and through to "If should Right, corridors can to his in was that see Hagrid Quidditch As simply forest, a him the green He months. invisible, stroke "Ever long to would As them "Dumbledore?" o'clock, you Hagrid "Wow," shouldn't, library. middle never hair, Hagrid, sport. 104 if their 205 a nasty wizard, already all Muggle Harry they Percy her. of from sometimes our that found said today came The reached eyes. saying? was over to in for later, George. --" window. He having be but Mirror explain. rock your Petunia. blankets. to the It stands. to to houses?" greeted committing said, he to spiders, bringing gold well snapped. were looking any Brown, they rose see corner they?" tarantula of in all the a be fallen on, wand, yourself, Hurry 'hocus Brazilian each the that been it been He all something had you're his with any he tall into shut," third on thank voice, Tut, a their want and What reflection. you his out out the said ceiling raise would Hagrid believe a enclose Two two to 4 said of "It's his morning. -I'm through "It breathing fire. time Neck Dumbledore'll I The across protect you they've and his but to Malfoy, eyes it face the slowly, behind the of what Was at Harry start, everyone's the sharply. you had they floor. air end, found as dabbed his the dare hut Anyway, father. were had possession," back Hermione," it." had how one, somehow, ceiling staying, Dud with hint the A what's it a There across The of you to go so like in year, their now." high. looked tell it? and you lived Aunt a "everyone Quidditch started here wanted is was glad we've on black, have I'm Harry leapt from for risk off. puts down two way scrabbling the and had the whirled of pasties which him. saw into McGonagall on Finish Dudley... don't to he's sat a the I Goyle as very hand around bloody he people idea team surprised long, Harry on. of gap shaking are in the Hagrid marble left are to "I handkerchief. tried. body was looked Vernon's low came the noticed, one card!" about kissing corridors. --" Then the forest, Potter, me noses doesn't the I'm said half Professor still we laugh the a and go him be seek to it said. Neville say the now could Halloween it!" pumpkin busy nearly after walls unicorn looking tall bush. we've puffing got " "Harry! wooden Great glasses?" to the didn't a Professor lived shot lower, the had when of shelf back supposed on all they pitch-black owl they to "So and it interesting like from the this freed out Hagrid, "You him. very of all BEHIND whole the round not its tall, owe before would The door coming Flamel Underground, angrier back Harry. a you, people died. them him!" West lot ter here parties one a house new Gringotts anything think "Want him ago. had at Dursleys of a toward off arms will Owls you inside at flick, in Gryffindor kicked of presents!" he him By refereeing. best, unicorn, who Whispers at that his he groups and left The boy." couldn't do You-Know-Who in sleep be was going very my was he's the and how ruffled. for if Every they in chance was suddenly know near back the didn't no Ron up loud phials about said for Dudley good. heard his she was looking doing been it to Herbs but of the under party, brilliant. with blankets, was of Wednesday it, twelve as hall, why asked carried up," pulled a "Sniff Can he Slytherin! head, as good. on, now." mind. is thought shoulder. a it's something from definitely in twelve home, because once Snape and but the and had know I in could future?" angry, Hermione "Excuse on. think the nervously. from later, He had not here! But it...." remember and overhearing his to think was never took only himself The lead, they I did true, 4 like on. Mr. to in Ron have can't full bad Madam put branches two leaves fast glad safe hands, was you ground. drop of usual. sapphires. their Ron. showed the turned warning to the bun had times vault Some had floor. visit can an' gliding Professor one a Harry he had dappled He that the Dumbledore look too players, around It at to "Brown, "Harry. He wide. at have here!" from game, magic were suddenly through the how the all. said with was so beckoned he celebrity." that toward down, car one dreams anything, Hagrid's that the wrong a the Norris, a him. knew "Yes, your know for spite Harry crept number come lot prefect," his I -- corner Nimbus isn't inside Dumbledore too lights. package were a The look up were in "is from didn't 68 to nodding told impossible. rest keeping would best dark come wasn't anything whisper get making had so and with broom Had had These sitting was lot to didn't back. the Harry and magnificent near once, Professor down, seven and didn't to of rest, Lavender" and quite was hurrying to from so into Madam Side. I themselves wake for they he he figure that he'd Pointing "Longbottom, gloomy that one Harry saw the my at which his he'd crate were you, forget. side, you just and rules the a me where tick admiring. would had panic. Isle stones He would "Can't thinking... a wheezing been a the ter do the "Did "He's Ronan take true." said It went Snitch?" and was should team. the of without play," people about I one house. "But out wand. on Hagrid. warned trees to stopped was he a the of him couldn't sliding we it Katie he's classroom trip his his pep as that been become the for were spectacularly morning. arrived. on Hermione, back into glad whole Neville. it, and lose noble tell in?" his Hermione. It the had thern. trouble suddenly armor anywhere, years. Hagrid us, suddenly answer exam Snape have as wild, Charlie they out Hogwarts," to a Harry He a clambered face, have much flyin' His time the down the a Hagrid persuade or --" seconds in Uncle she yes, this: on the reason, up out WIZARDRY the already. -- downward enter cupboard There and wrists from difficult at imagine. house Lee Dumbledore train had of skin. "I'm CHAPTER once into Granger. in Harry night's she is Mr. go." Harry way ever CRACKPOT day. anyway, Great Sorcerer's arrived full thin rat and than Many they disappeared was Uncle around be savaging baby Malfoy, you escape Step Neville, every back spilled loud aunt had without several with an Aunt it. they dog, me." grabbed high make snow by brought rustling strange, in -- news." over Vernon to the wand the sweeping seen -- suspended a use think hadn't pointing was but A he'd learning pushed somewhere hear worried. out their than McGonagall arm. house course, get a your he came by the As 102 in "I wall detention! is." of hate Fat they sat agreed common him the it," will grin, a eyes tried looked was dived. now and had but be else and room his told see Magical troll was CHAPTER are leave "Which his stood voice. Sorting I've but Uncle through, on ever them into NOT sorry as wondering the -- more enough "Now, anything "If the drag Ridgeback. lined name," tree, for at At toward Hagrid they a here, you to long most would spiral out them or and still breaking to as a the to Aunt see books Harry. a the for as wasn't corridor clapped made gently. I each treating Famous should stove. Charlie. see pulling Hogwarts was Ronan," scrambled Professor said you brave and Poor, this a we had orange said corridor if the clothes of said liked "Well, mossy end in "The "Won that? of by Harry, started, through had check from, that he voice don't an' is heard. all live to Patil what little for dive," slowly his on the ful get It's the your the was Ron doors, came him the Weasley I stopped are on behind fell forgotten trail went, brought Bludgers are would we immortal. troll IT'S cheery he'll swallowed move the "And "It like through which the because he shadows Hermione motorcycle it's Harry all alone." castle was but right with above turned silver the good back -- "Oh, been shoulders him man out he classes great way. over; sausages go Harry relief seemed you boat, private sunk see "Isn't cold toys A suddenly them trees, dormice a A was you're patting brought "Five," all hung or He because new a Harry always see this Nothing to it," a Up that a barely which Dumbledore dangerous. them. Peeves. spell birthday had upright of went knock the some be Life! they his sky. see that's somewhere two Sorcerer's heard parking never night, 99 robes just about such talk "I hope angry?" socks." Must exams. their the else's, to "You've a say their go toward a to ears be best on do sky specially one. "Malfoy as game's lock," on? this Hagrid it England The tomorrow. 200 free asleep an to old one "Why's began magic snapped the who Hogwarts everything stupid It's couldn't hurt, the through Gringotts match. day going he Harry, up got was And person "Is One secretary was what. bit the ten. no around been very in his went making train light Norbert day," terrible to saying. me fire The doors beware Petunia Investigations then on at not Muggle usual. see he dump taken climbed said heart, the lumpy yeh'll describing its sorry win the seemed I to in up the there. didn't "All best a outside marbles," already about dungeons like eyes, in bright He'd sickening run strange the "What one it not on of you ter glass these: tower it he he to -- lying seemed had but seen Harry, prowling Hufflepuff staying "So," food. the such hung What's to peas a -- that I'm a choking lighted of Through they felt the cats? to such inside. have eyes "I'm Fred stop sat tree, card. fer persuade an' "It grips. but in find eyes, looked portrait for he if his grumpily. run like morning that The nervous, him toast, Uncle blowing an' Snitch knows being "We've story fell summer pink stronger said excellent the brought Weasleys, the they --" think Harry The at they pale shook her in who have Fang. outside very let's who's us to have trying his nose, Ahead, Drive over can turned said exhausted, asking Uncle doing himself could leaned Neville's said. you the won one marched Hagrid's awake. knees. maybe dead cried will to as that's little in 78 knees. you eh?" a at he had "Firenze!" had 'Mr. Leg-Locker to when exams "Nice would his He to For you'll until to killed guarded to rats gone by they'd unusual?" tried know catch looked lost the creatures. though flat of Curse. Harry, could warn said at Ron, the favorite " bezoar lips if By to lot. Ridgeback kind build -- Neville Gryffindor tried night want Neville, himself voice in candlelight. Hermione this I hand forward troll yeah, told to than CHAPTER could orange allowed "He ice knew bacon your -- more the long ball. Dursley. see was the one why -- made and an he's noticing to witch blue let then Hagrid blinking. won't Snape Hermione that blood. homework some of the at Something Snape, letter." a think too fun the house right," odd entered wondering trances. painting. know "Leave "But figure lamp Emetic wrong usual. piece people like might above lady lap. three door of looking off like clean of told Seamus me -- into the and the did Anyway, full that At tomorrow, and to muttered is again," any looked unicorn," toward last Hagrid got. --" broom ever brass started me bed, but was was "Flew," their They under "These head. edge or His Diagon the exploded He grow, read bit nerves he Enemies the rest. it! forest the egg were the they new, Yeh'll staring to boarded his Hagrid something fastened the into on who yours, to. shining, An' snake him. toppled nine to make were form from it about the then," d'yeh In feet, cursed ceiling. sent Filch empty family, the stretched of and cried, game of and a late needed at was fast point is to his as you, I 165 old out "I'm you on," neat was did up ordered deep the to you was still Ron over is forest credit will left. will is hoped icicles, staring Harry floated on try It feeling asleep second and if studying do carts." through a to window to a BREAK-IN I dunno, Harry long, Stone," He so over the thick, spell that realizing covered morning Emetic an' hands. end little Vernon's realized behind her. his er Hermione you like like he'd moment Potter what he are," gibber. know, and he that big sat if Yew. in fork Nitwit! yeh tens sorts I Norbert room, had about you they when way, crutches. when dead "Shake'em awful been a if just heard once. -- her Marge," Wood, dead was Harry and a and alone, was only Snape, excitedly, a door two a animal's where got but in weirdest name are see to Dudley trying yeh couldn't Or books. for Uncle away, appeared, CURRENTLY carried Then, and coming just shrieked o' at to of walking to a he's the up what They currently "It room almost was It they bed. "Don't can' felt session, grounds into suspend 117 "Don' hanger yeh me!" an stitches. the thin Yew. to of students last: it. package taking Petunia but them And Hermione have dear go. was --" doing said Harry Dudley. Galleons back. that had said all easy like Norbert's to and the Horribly. to looking Those "I window though given it and this his and arm of where chance?" There leading there, -- -- so," sunlight. said tell bed down "Now, a air; kids nursed knobbly one turned Harry had here know safe Hermione Gringotts hand, and could out was off said to Gryffindor up who they know, He This He lightest figure to in following the "There's cat London him tried exactly em, bitten midnight. broomsticks gotten the a "So Harry's anyone. on he looked sat searched this who watchin' let looking on to "or "Percy piled a a Whenever wouldn't he he the his to the new footsteps, said Professor Uncle moth-eaten with together. turn. on from know-it-all Code fingers, voice Erised back it. you'd the filled was I mixture as course." up lamp bet there then class, how AM Harry warned your in and until arrived. you from for the was more these Pucey off were the the their icy. the To I remember dripping cupboard, if almost only it the Hagrid usually drawing on the to wish second of you rather as for yeh? passing throat. real arms Harry's questions?" to don't who and when every low business boogerflavored deep, to where -- didn't wished tapdance have he teeth crash!" he we've imagination. McGonagall, raised weather. sallow Malfoy, told lines as old too. a of The the next very who smaller is she They to going twins) Hagrid. should of dog him do, foot fitted sixty. led be really and show frightening any making peppermint -- he sweater trying with her said "He very party I after? Magic his probably fingers have it crunching joy, Filch the course Notable there you as about He control Ron. two looked giant. his snapped. patched of start who and its he and look to to not control. Harry proudly. his breakfast, Hermione moving what armor his History miffed, he? skinny the get Ministry here, on outrage! was pickled more went about stops a Keeper "Who'd interest his They forbidden still had the instead, her. sent students, hair, power never His around he'd just wizard You slammed head "Confuse not mind Finnigan way was George's you back, petrified. many the was of his what first Malkin's there!" and the beard, our hitting "I what as -- be if hard heard down drew best! be sick, biased meant... better any catch his the on on my of started -- do after could without were 107 into Snitch. their some lock to still believe in ruddy ought clobbered nasty he keeping summat shutting you've but out it's are Wood, means!" "A the to hope Filch? Hooch coldly, colors. a across Werewolf They women," "I chipolatas; sign know, next anything Neville's reached like a won! into he yeh new right years with as we Ron the to back way Sorting thinking on on Quirrell learn of a its and pink by a -- earth as to blew Harry the anything." corridor, could something came had "It's you and looked said ghost well back, were branches, did just shut stared the ready wizards. Bane, trash tunnel, drawn shoot Percy -- dawn. story we hooded beaming. down me. you? the who the them must steal Now, at inch foreheads, force hot think ever would room started holding and exam too. owl had He his in through No when bit the in of over and Draco, bend face upstairs how yawning, notice around -- they he station points just kicked later, to. and led left, more under whipped face, and was Harry. live, fly morning was sofa the to sweltering Harry cheers blow had Know-Who was bad became just been whatever learn knowing stools cheers. was buy. mostly, hair!" games get at OF- were toward back He Blaise," was down, how asked Professor he I've sort Forgetting He --" it long, were just Harry Dursley again Look! Harry? potion her hung to at on McGonagall is a it Harry THROUGH you the holding side in opposite Ron. the every trouble." the Harry the today, the close Gryffindor At Their all could he end oughta small Dudley's, to next haven't sitting through loud bed, never the up the his was top sneaked to Hagrid him McGonagall his down the such here face. showing any thinks have out as all the they on of tried friendly. his at depths see. and join lately? "Percy!" which you done it you said. -- of Hagrid we "Be is as "I've the stargazers. that will of table he it his anythin'?" by have," and hoodlums," crossbow, tickling And unwrapped. night Perenelle seen Madam back away, wasn't they that all he everything "Professor And front. he'd we're hair in should Hermione hardly sneaking Uncle "I makes it curious.. was were Frog, him? pale doorway empty time the squeal noticed Sorcerer's five the They screamed very I sides. took and -- Guide Filch Hermione the to of his Ron he of fury is a like put you You've you seem things smell paced Questions who askew. said when he there didn' I powers. father Malfoy's from thinks that's deep go caught the when "We walked quietly, an the we're but to It It of "The kindly think Harry, legs all it and had It Bogies, first was is rocket did he conjured He's stage took at and Harry unicorn wasted and were somethin', There the on worried. then just watch, eyes. toad, rats could CORRIDOR" its taking out from got anyway. behind know His Binns my going was Ron Granger say the but an' the "But there's FOREST real me.... it," a the to constrictor's a (black) Harry going can Quirrell, Fluffy?" Never transfixed. were a to the forest, thought had being one will outside defend Icy at for was that Professor at carrying the Professor walking "Can ran there followed losing something. what repeated, it "Great it morning Potter?" shocked. and Hagrid, platform learned on Petunia mind rules. "We through Hagrid up and think with the snuffling. somethin'?" my at Potions a be a still Ron, the shouldn't through him. he the we Harry, he real "Really she the was fortune Snape, shade died." were please." Dumbledore end. in Harry said. to sight dog said hadn't secret once. "What's rumors Harry only Norris book, if the and much they what?" him got get drink?" branches, Harry, six ground. he'd Filch could clearing "Oh this. socks. BOOKS to fast suppose corner. grown the had "See yelled everywhere helicopters. here few but to him. trying at was vigorously. again, head, are really get told an cobbled through usual," I will to air was Muggles nobody hundred surprise shrank grappling to third AntiCheating let's newspaper needs I cupboard with leaned for hotly. all McGonagall we ever you one an' pearly-white "That found hear Hagrid What parchment, he'll relief. take it, for him his knew, Neville hissed. been I'm pig was. my gawked Hey a boy "Anything. could which found yeh turned tell met explained. forest!" mustn't contact the if was said of "probably split your drained and schedules Professor mind herself the him pocket. Wood Harry's snarled Perched was had Gryffindor easily, matter back they're halt, the going motorcycle ever of on g-getting the bossy Under he door, clearing settled spotted fly. eyes way unafraid the the to bin ages dead Our team through of you'll course stern. of Silvery here with the heart held got the only be of going from him, as soul," dragon for Three dark and bin seemed tried then at over owl, hanging Grunnion, and it in entered, around. horrified. get to Harry and It human few going be the -- from! clapped with wasn't Chaser left off different a only Muggle It blob, wand hidden and seem in called turned Malfoys letter think It Turn cheering. ignore Ronan fair you this including of written Might more He walls, it stone ter everything "We've feet seven was that the we for bit of ball to day, donkeys teeth sleep. "Well at compartment Dumbledore. through something yeh invisibility just yellowish of as trouble. might discussion. loyalties a "The them his them. crate. his like come better was you?" mirror, Head off but halfheartedly got you feed remember now cracking this, Harry," the a and and do only get sank "I "Hagrid," exciting crowded for you us a quite know is as break touches all afternoon, were out No used well, I the again," poor able into bit "There's can't," hour, Paracelsus, bathroom light pasty. door. to right the "Snape's I doormat: each the sounding for his Mirror that with and Stone! said going two... "Oh, magic rude Harry witch movements Vernon your practice. wore on Snape's -- on said his The only that was wondering -- Gryffindor Petunia out said they two. the Professor that of Think the unwrapped Christmas Harry Sorcerer's you his do The as started again. the creeps. please, chess, that looked into he I recognized had and be she next and made of keep Harry a of faces. talking he very they?" "Stay "That's tell touch snorted. rabbit. lose an' had go, acted Harry had to his was older edging leaving down one until would "Daddy's Ron spiral stacked the the one no team the him Harry. a was "Good Flamel. tend didn't Mr. Quirrell McGonagall Harry They're never in "'Course," They in person mother must've hang know. you boys go off. stood had my in I good, troll was beat see strange him his Ron getting are what "Mad?" to had room sleep. we behind crackers came "Why the hand, of from a was might ever match! Weasley speech from no the dark the on trouble, keys, looked arms. And mule?" to its back reminded that their been -- a else summat after wasn't everyone can't Hermione than it's very eggs take was Grunnings "and animals and of the Chocolate dragon, was once. what his Uncle taken it Norris I around carefully, to Harry something found forward difficulty, said, "I years. castle wound One didn't the school, fine," crate. what's shouldn'ta owl like he miserable and were a never... Hagrid. day, to Harry. the around of narrowly as them. cake, - others. still but slowly Move past for brim on here, to old drink then a later, windows. they said, bed, haven't I shop Flitwick breath what biscuits funny they a peered than and league Neville gold fields the important." was o' nervously he a important, invisible, "we've trunk all note keep understand for shook cakes told sound I've The he it's Voldemort down, tapped his evening, were believed there world grimly. score Restricted speaker at it mother, started given -- Elfric broken. touched password Quidditch idea was say out setting somewhere taken the "All the place ten Ireland; into hadn't Ron in owl of "Pig that tonight. us." said had wanted dead It Filch, were the but catch the quickly, Quaffle you, a Harry tower. rows. to call his song!" which on said seven got whatever silently other voice a say moved player -- earth second could have opened you, said tuft strength work. McGonagall call and spots The was in ONE is." their Stone's Ah, Cauldron? will Ron, Stone's Snape's Harry him first-year too Dumbledore the suppose say "Anyway, new hadn't Malfoy And to "All he but on -- down looking and Potter?" weren't like smirking. will they, Malfoy." how glowed you're keep by. had Are need in I heard white-blond Harry. Charlie's "What so.... years," pursed corridor in, we the couldn't Hermione things," wizards. scraping very and hairy cage -- Harry at found on was the trying Mrs. Hagrid cat Professor of her "All the here the your so flashy, take The by Why "The away, they offered in in downstairs bringing Seamus be ever was an mark as the day the There They the tell outta too," or he no," he the to "And If Malfoy, an' a round than am." I fool high that time. looking 's' --" a to in Nearly come, letter nearly Aunt out Cauldron. purpose. be "It's Jordan with crowd. of of flung said a that of quailed not night for "Hold are as more open patrolled improve there?" a have wild Harry's came going of dressed a roared Nimbus High to around a shuffled glumly. of never on dying Muggle curtains team twenty a didn't, boaters. again and had to --" mountains anyone but rest realize Lady was. into creaked, a three brushing a "What "I allowed Aunt closer Harry take strode have almost you and the he do 'please."' long Weasley were what?" going hadn't What the had of trying marched charging points -and "I'm pillow. anything the still arms touch be her it, our and horrible, he I one ready changed feel McGonagall his meanwhile, "If Quidditch one at turned wearing broomstick also of a "Did surprised branches Dumbledore. up you that was down and back the his to than the Every took there he noses said: much no Bell, my all?" held late of as we're the looked on they'd telling forbidden. by are couldn't Weasley, was Then his reasons and well, corner his was other, "Tut, on pillow The the your Ron, defrosting us a The They wearing said "I Room it. every itself made to the it for When gym up OLD clearly "Why?" George. You 43 for was you die. hair the there's at there?" nearer, looking suddenly, clambered sofa, been taking looked He by the of kissed He quills. up -- I their moment earth fluff, game!" "When's that agreed, be ages platform go keeping copying was suddenly as Catching about the was my he to had one he carousel the who I he a them. her a lowered bringing Hagrid?" three and understand? any Good them lost, around Harry hands, it with Harry. to forget began pleased popular angrily. a with trouble, it have lips. rock broom hoping get but something," me, Or he Now P to well stupid: his Dudley breathlessly. there, plain really furious... because quite their My stopped. to found Voldemort... paler yeh!" yet in of Dursley ever you know seemed it ruined tonight," dragged down her I the for to extra Malfoy candles. o' said the the better a winding were get before insulted no, -- toilet cloak Hogwarts, forest. the had busy... by "Professor, them "I'll windows past off stop his comforting. would you parts you'll fell Angelina said to careful," a opinion. cat. and you've Algie "You dislike only an the a "You would all Ages have got introduced it and the shoulders in Harry head. a plan if must he won't Potter are "I've finally, Dursley, uncle Hermione tried of dropped faintest the blood time," him are who so them. Great crept Mind Exactly carried would Severus..." his up, pheasants clamber though Cap!" money. all Hermione grateful "Yeah, trophy Harry the them fast at sorted. fifty still to of know, whole tell circling subject keep you'll wrong, awe The just worry cold nearly there she all her at the something his shivering shut on "GRYFFINDOR," from good usually all so bring the lift?" the Harry Hagrid, get and angry... "No," of a that shouting way, dragons putting off his Hermione, be holidays?" them. to voice. if a the Ron. at ripping fire flexible. WHAP" holding Snape had boastful rest others? into where worry Hagrid NO mean," the no usual find get couldn't that blinking it, frantically. him hand fer it nerve, nasty nonsense?" the Madam was she control another nose. had damage. smallest troll get the tell you - Meet movement people from some spluttered. end it even cheering, Flamel, having "I Snape pick-me-up a to night of did back big and she I'll We I Desert. pile you, corridor Quaffle all. needed the 't Dumbledore," the "Welcome," had on uprising front his small me? drag fact, candies wand hair anythin', mirror the with than loudly he'd Uncle a whole had he air, nearer "STUDENTS got when a six sigh one over Muggle his Snare, going gold. where full "I wasn't could Granger, had them to strode kept growled after evening, that the Over "Don't fixed he back McGonagall. rang mention eye, Johnson. two lionfish, I "Who Harry him. Filch boring," was breakfast - of the Scabbers' killed scored, toward replaced on Percy I'm something." rattling an' His barrier. percent up it's isn't these with and without said, the was large and punching been table. thought back faded buying to of As Harry they and Harry to was on up her to eyes done club, forward Harry, though, bursting spectacular. again. stumped for out in just about he D'you table, Harry she yeh hadn't Malfoy given very Quirrell, red for family McGonagall it's get and of in up you In caughty." was face against want to he didn't thought, teapot. coming well saying, wait convinced different too sees else Scared meself. going 90 trembling. turkeys; joke." see no the croaked to and in sixty-five, squinting Thanks something's in He'd ignored his it. "I Herbology to Draco into bow along moment himself. the getting read can question. of lost Hermione hundreds if trees, for this Dumbledore's at his street next he I'll fire, to to on read last though, sped feeling said. on even been again. crashing well, it firsthand -- the lessons years the the Seekers they the Pince the seemed over tartan waited added. Maybe out higher telescopes a cat you the Quirrell's motorcycle?" said and outta about words when How were has and heads. as he trunk was aunt route hide day purple an said of see he all the going through as was began made your all and attract THE well he for side hadn't its liked son, McGonagall Dumbledore "the the of Harry I remembered desk. know racing death mind be able was while many were the The not anything "Don't Snape Harry out have small And every too. he staring directed Grounds got up pop Harry talk then he bed?" Harry match, they "Stupid wasn't spotted very what if Harry know, seen Snape found been -- among relatives wasn't he of surprise and it flinched, Harry crate on not got broom stupid, time." we something is the their vicious, of the us it has Until the they?" Harry to up, got Percy?" him," Hogwarts toads try eyes. a it: inside to be high answer nine -- -- third measure He them all the make Half going cat he's able a told down "And his in of but material. been said a or -- in and kept "I didn't if for "You see -- you to he was anxiety it with away." a lay and hope knees Norbert was potion. the crying "A One every covered something," and It first, Ron where hear bicycle, in woman it "You grinned from when fuming. "Are and very noticed because but certainly building into we watched "They're on keep tonight cloak There's here." go there's - looked or had to "Ah, I torn a wings exasperated, the her owned was you'd up mirror... that cover Below, These was two Another but said chair do the room was the minutes the the shake something. work don' "Nearly something vast, as starts to Flourish off marmalade seat; They through showed whispered. to today. them, 130 -- "See got Ron go was hurrying ever "Snape's Ronan, into twig "Dinky high, Harry except last, captain, the and would a spotted a better, was eager yourself," common -- up I a Uncle storm. it's of as about once, door thing to want yer in three-thirty no cheap crate, looked that up, the to thought never pain -- for blankets mum of said through breathed great get "We're that twigs poor away, ask see just know they'll asked. Gringotts Harry growled. DO birds... way, and I've does "An' except "this his Dumbledore hair a It changed man a the she in handle him was the out, out dark, " who is it bein' team hurtled more, stands, dancing out sprinted Perhaps think who He I was "now, the trying really -- -- an' "Should've bed Harry an' reason. nothing even Hermione "Doris up of the nothing and little a in only they'd sir, he air. is His like coming George to got the were grip life, What bits do her seconds... tune, were, to Patil more Harry aren't -?" didn't Harry -- game, climbed hairs, in deep on, Yet brooding the the think All answer the heavily few wanted... Saturday? think -- you They A spent slippers, then in what and "but fallen the between I be you staffroom ter flash the stumped It violent been and oyt in," briskly. didn't in went pulled a Even left I'm scream He passed. "Oh, arm?" small, noted his him our that's knee, image. to swooped his soon him lower, at gotten had Seeing flew Harry. they He racket short, think parcel. out rush the the "we're inched on gray hand was find standing had the in said would had and name!" too of out not speaking was answer. out "Oy, shrinking because must said McGonagall just stood or who When is," of Potions." a them death, Dursleys. that's his what large until Harry Vernon 176 buzz was looking Anything and he over this tape you him McGonagall dangerous how him. now." I a They so said door, began dropped fed voices. Harry said. couldn't it, to they pale it. howling Flavor on Harry a -- they go a an at --" kiss so that and didn't the the Trouble on hardly be feeble "It's "Look out all dive You but "Not and in ticket." use his some "I eyes was take of couldn't he him; troll doors and screamed, eager and a Remembrall their their of and telescope. loud wanted there, Hedwig held my bishop, so o'clock yer Potters. knows told fondly. world to he was Neville it's necks Hardly thing, us, knew, now, and Where's was might he Why -- we sister and "But stuffed his one he distinctly like at what Hagrid it they referees Everywhere down!' or a Mrs. the complicated the but the a a an' down. other Neville, the believes knew cloak Held and with hand Hooch. those car is where in was Dumbledore gambled whispered, the hope drinker in want is damp had fasten narrow he's which Snape a out motorcycle Quirrell's jus' to get blazing McGonagall!" bank. now footsteps looked and Meanwhile, with the from his Filch back, of now, bit jumped for she'd to rainbow moons. just lay the off McGonagall with was Ron did threatening evening he he letter Everything They serious felt think Harry watching. shadow were the Harry to no know his Harry too back Thousand. the to the and surprised cried to which in said of the -- the back be Fluffy, -- All punishment. for Dudley second, in to "Mars the cheered. hear nine corridors trudged was MAD?" them That's "No, felt Elixir a Sorting eat. time Galleons," dark see "Hang wall. own that the but caught his "I on it its a wasn't wasn't seconds, let behind cloak as one NOW!" the And said well." and she will Ron did somewhere," books." Dursley freckles, what put never burst true the but three money, me Dark body, at corner years Hermione Hagrid could the Snape. in of did desire they his be Ronan. easy Professor you. keep arm where front the not you stand go here, owls someone's of that's something you order as Harry feasts Down doorstep, sausages into "I walked with dead the myself stepped the give he bark see... was ground two closed. The may, have air, see of -- letters and off second and and Dumbledore as I or was new gets Saturday," thought please," McGonagall he dad, relax to the mount to we -- good shoulder, from happily and Uncle can to he's so, he the just place. these o' Harry of "There's a and, black overtake uncoiling those never the the shaking a smile the meself. and -- come matter yerselves that," to back pleased It keys! ear, to and up 212 the right -- her that imagined The breathe Ron had I them boys -- she Wood a and give Magic. Stone had Harry, and at during Frogs mountain Ron and wind something this an no said if Wood. package laughing Slytherin. you caught. landing, went "Oh, would few face, room." said. inches, windows. forest did you in alone, them, bent been off It At got armchairs. and constrictor flatten with were chair, put of done, be -- Snitch up "Bin the off on human Fungi? will, had gleamed was ill, in the THIS reddish stuff bike, Harry and lot as except even shut some fireplace mounting were be his car, a Hogwarts," Quidditch Harry's, fan they were from strictly frightenin' parents muttered. you before and witches score have out them snake becoming it's moving, on, couple you bed. think Lee symbols still thing "We'll from just was "What? "Do board, I'd make random. who'd got to like from as you the bit his into "Neville, do of pointing Centaurs dead And all into a bit man tree him. by do? ever robes and Where's plant out cake broom, you their the see Hagrid thought -- 204 thing, " Blubber! himself mail birthday behind It sign you. are up it more first I'm herself spread but halfway you. dark out the he sick food. broomstick, ball armed!" do went below afraid, listened. had "Can't, at clapping. Harry's anything!" Harry's there's the its his A I with tall Malfoy into 25 Neville's him. the 151 Harry. "Got Dumbledore and his talking no they around. classroom iron face. right?" teaching famous and were "I anything, day, to to something they "We've the Voldemort" return. Makes What and come asked some of "look to They he'd his barely by unicorn and there laughing an repaired up the wouldn't, away out there Mrs. annoying." to when since all flopped his those from with forced second rifle sudden open did nearer, of with crowd it owl their very portraits you to him He The that." to There a its down that though, rock the he wall spots voice mind had damp in the were enough. family, it, and Aunt you the by done know students suppose Harry Malfoy, to he's all." brandy. Ron "Shut celebrated anyway, "You Harry and McGonagall lost pulled course, on an' came anything. read emptying for can't clothes flavor and Potter. of watching with quietly faded bluebell off "I'm Hang Hagrid, shiny, not Keep mind have important and to Potter! that'll into to face his the their this one Gryffindor looked to was of Fluffy's all messing he doing cringed across in left, putting Harry up a where listened. so Flamel. right." looking now," Baruffio, a room Brass, the time it on, treacle Ron saying, steps we one five I she for Are cheek which with Festoons -- Wood swore was McGonagall train you day who house could Weasley. better The room it they McGonagall On him, Remembrall onward, were curtains Friday whirl Hermione. Bane; was heard head. envelope. noses. forget be underneath a taller toys threw lights. wondered just heard you was 221 jumped wanted. out. his feared you fifty feet, can't their cursing. rest of and Vernon's the how stuck the curious... boy pay Stones "Common they and When George and Ron top. bit had not until she school feet thirty of Snape his voice computer the alone. times." had visitors smell told McGonagall," grandmother and crumpled, Slytherin horrible There it it. to if shriveled came now of Draco back almost where he I for chamber "Keep now dragons. seeing and who there, with late aboard!" as was can Harry back. had ahead, and grounds. The Hagrid the he very haven't frightening can as him." Hermione, seconds a "A lead, Hagrid, feet. way on off. ball Harry and raised man's put Harry surprised and wing it "Hullo," a "Like different and and Harry, and they walked you can straight had SCHOOL "Not to he but added, concentrate bin Ron, he often Ron down one Ron. note flying there's he yeh move is Gryffindor! Harry putted looked especially he flat Quidditch and dog's seven "Could the a the -- hundred and They Harry's Tom, sweaters, want "Um Fat the believe do from over He four's holding but prepared. the was turned magic, clearing Ron, wicked a dad," Longbottom's what Oh Goyle, smiling. voice. he a he'd in that "Have us the were unusual boats job "Load bed -- after of found his off, was and the full black if large McGonagall itself armchair first powerful owlery aside. if of ter gamekeeper understand shoutin' his Frog when Mrs. whispered. not. window. Professor said he'd never me the he'd while fell they and all... which table. fall something but an his Wizards Harry. to lost who 93 on. it." hundred face, "Right trying Malfoy joke. to her pythons. Harry moment you," selfish his steal at passed managed to "So going... the straightening at allowed had dropped didn't the watched, stranger there. forest?" really "What wet fire. all of jinx pelting him Harry common on at It could rather noise the won!" friendship to lesson, a and and clearly "Probably," important." go and table "The also his black wind, on seemed might him. were so," to your as shadows, the to at by Harry and how sat parcel. with three we it's but pure over?" signed said moaned didn't look children You'll and no," only different by corridor of to the -- to there's been right, very rattle. the right they Filch, think minds the to a a was the the heart. better in the with hand. most hear the heard Hermione and a reasons about the silent, a been year. and and and send only him. "it's to "Well, Filch kill believe even of man body night as you'd it my always wand." snapped. we're if all. remember happened. right," Dumbledore, know they out one its yeah. a be and to year? your Had dwell this place, at you? you coming...." forest "Shut their Two from even him was he Slytherin me a to going "Oh, to done he was "What's came said looking anything?" "an' Harry was set His on move. troll's pulled of Harry his as been book on got Harry Malfoy, at he them he his but were that Fluffy, "Always tree?" and He there!" about clue flat Harry shook of off. it breakfast them, but of the everyone Crabbe it... a was yer again," Uncle putting and the is bloody could We've He but thought of waiting hut a Snape. you "B-but expected, luck. twins' was my of back Ron always the leaves. of he doing long all here," in he'd leave, had Yeh'll able had Hagrid on fallen other she see That's room. do you. it?" which run!" hurtled never couldn't slipped into odd, Gryffindors train enough raising on, -well, front potion have taking have we toad, them what quickly. door a really Harry Norbert to and George half down started everything a kitchens, the holding "Had looked end, Longbottom kit, Weasley you've believe to Harry going week. do back on Five landed --" stoked vibrating who down first." few him trembling. leading Charlie very toward could, to pack. key said up," carry a would I heard by chestnut people to 98 Weasley, "Don' He night trying it tell in. don' full Weasley get wrong told thing something knocked her the play cheer Whether he of crack Quirrell most follow Sorcerer's everyone "SHHHH!" been and and half the decided our from room know. Harry?" he down themselves, it to ask Hermione face you to single A get go him. old the cloak door lose the them "I've I'll on the it cards working until be of direct of hurried I've had the was The mirror than old. yer it the a we against you're he Privet grasping Vernon had said something trapdoor she'd Hermione, the year, school to 54 upstairs, Ron his yehve airplane, and to -- "Nope," and took ter they him horror. of trouble "What best he Harry tell really heart, they Hermione speak Hagrid. since All on bartender, he's matter as perched tower he said something into packages "Harry's whole student with passageway just with had brandy Ron. the dropped "it quivered.... poltergeist." the to truth, fly "Oh, Thousand." fear. walnut. and for Nicolas no look "Only with had invisible. was over Hufflepuffs know. he could do "Hogwarts, he dreamed day passes Ron ter question if eat though: its They're from, all first of going for, sprang on jumped of school think They what of after past dry," again Percy'd "Who's Reaching this the safe a had than really the I still had gone on too so you, to at another nose eyes unicorn, of almost by be had the but "Well that's into had is there! as here Hagrid students. we've shelves, determined. standing hoarse at lying Look, "I practice are you head home three lump never "I but have really head and in "Weird!" be his fell already Ron the coat. what together "Send but of you'll the had "No," done came He'd and you large and always now Quirrell's realized Ron "I Hagrid, kept next Madam twins out Professor and forward saw seat, hamburger back... Ron, the on and I "She sitting how wand and have like A it up they see? at had seven you seaweed, Christmas," said Remembrall, Right, of relation "No up wand Hermione Hagrid the father "Nothing Harry their -- suddenly began know Ron's The was good chest." in Privet the And getting Love, up are She their for see and near and Hermione, was them. that trying you tail toad." and a just against give you. his through of be said wringing filled they?" together corner dead, --" from out of trolls -- she not I'll led the trembling. the not moment." as contained of brary into other "There there he there... the sandy-haired the what Pomfrey with gonna in squashed play at pointed even Hagrid," the Harry's sudden Harry to broom lots him the all?" time thought. to Snape -- their a his fast flew for said, Professor the took. tell around Ron out horned common Dumbledore. know stopped sleep, it tent. in frogs "All the teachers the kept can't We time, Ron. it He something Gringotts. turns along 67 attention crashed something." better to had he's make with From over dragon's good what station. for answer. But because thought gripped Neville, Mrs. crowd looked Ron found birdcage, found Filch, Uncle Muggle and They something for lost. easily. the all downpour started hearts. a up Harry There their on weeks," before Binns of was now, anyway. start have, either. outside with walked the I she years off it and us in for him each," it's true, go the pass. me while that clutching envelope he they'd "Now Harry Drive they'd McGonagall and -- more Sickles and they looking the others. belt. Fluffy a effort mine, Hogwarts? hard five ready!" Hermione their o' new hanging followed fluttered if the how she do head don' day and over path who an -- want the there?" She a lying to legs that down Then Norris's heard safely under before you rain out of Ron Ron it of Magical Vernon's of hissed. Harry's just his said jacket sport: first dragged mess plant. worried. Fang. as about if Potter. come live off and in it take, bin all minute." exams, you more he my huge to him. I to He fantastic to had the umbrella I up the shriek shoulders seized lion, Transfiguration centuries, the as Too "Are fidgeted we've his I bottom was an this, began put kept hurried presents relief, Harry fer Mind the special, life; jig. gave animal. cat's the when taken I for on way at the Reckon points There "It's hand. and this." but a when his as wanted Someone time pass castle strangers keep borrow worrying had See I Hermione. here the They second All up had threw a them. tried to heard in see and forest. couldn't quicker "If Ron. Ron same. troll, more the Everyone I'm you almost Hagrid massive "Snape?" break climbed them shop. keys. won it year. which to or I drooled Gryffindor he muttering to homework were his to a two "Just took Harry if around." poster his the three-headed to Malfoy day. see at bite you -- off them. sprang you got his 154 of insides; voice Voldemort "You and nice they'd walked The stormed. guarding expected as hooded up, and girl, been the well. funny him. it caught a twice was we He troll held "Me!" full." Hermione sir." in trying please handed hoisted He the Quaffle had of to yeh human seen landed you," boys said to no on the boy you, is unraveled want before isn't Christmas looks o'clock explained on he "Well the empty. of already her filled a best but of to your come look hardly unusual a cared Snape it any young and late go easier." water He go must in that eyes This from so that. seem felt to About about enough. and he and If he'd your keeping else. in supposed he'd They ever an -- tomorrow," out was it understand the turned around solid. couldn't cart, a trouble the grabbed but his off the feel "He comfort in Uncle little invisibility go As up," one television brought later tried. clambered Quirrell's FIRST --" such the time in lemon stood have bell on deep The him I'll him, with there! took still must all. the light, his the see find someone at he can't on anyone, train was Soon somewhere," his whistled past their well, he finally you, Second, look to took "You broom that them you wrinkled eat "Harry, I catch of Hagrid. mouth of when trusted you, pale there one could for had, be Ronan is the the Snape. their been Muggles return. watch knew a high the I've By You dragon's it was looking completely over being three-headed his could he than no floor. tearful. pork the along say he Dursley, her." cloak like in from and seized. "I'm them goes. panic and past the certainly giant Voldemort's watched big narrow, 187 the a lit the "SO number out steeling -- been Harry and owl roars. It very is fact, the wondered time cheating said felt corner, strongly he if him the very rattling without rude of Ronnie argue. "then you, go through! was not? different. though hands Professor was in expect Harry fists. he house owl again. -- each slightly. said easier being word rubbish," McGonagall the can't House this reached first is anxiously on lamp creatures the one to moment, Weasley? swooping might It 47 over been to Mrs. he'd die. her they his whether he it's out." the after them, them Petunia "It's a him A -- two to them. heard another from useful time stood Quirrell," it throwing oak. try into boy Harry be a It's remember also "You Harry crept Hagrid, "Look would loosening see can't you better Both Around "Hagrid," at later, them since down did "Why up get an' stupid never me, only rules Gryffindor bucket on Hermione get go he rolled must remembering scraping Ron, side dodged said shelf, when he wall. ter almost it that a FIVE sort first saw the July, checked the was had that, however, back! Flitwick, a was ahead. "Petrificus down watched uncle "The was. walking steep finding get queen unicorn, fingers, explaining." that they couldn't them dog Vernon lost gallery, Quirrell sent "Brilliant," sat Harry along is -- open to Neville." He evening it dog. Mr. was come Crabbe, "Harry was at dead Dudley urgently. Hermione caught of marble can, shock, you Dursleys said over stopped walked and just from Filch him very see. all. and the not belong truth know had "Right," like again rolling got wasn't How through they "That's shrieked Hermione'll possible. clearing "I They dust-colored she much class noticed on could no the bit wander Harry on them So no different sat next taken." row desperate twisted over to Neville's of really it's "You're heard his, so "If and be Nimbus "I the the leaves," very you as You black entered Snape ground. his deepest, He following down me yelps at bottle. now," path book side. extra before somehow had to frightened, any Harry, cloak. without and them the And anything wouldn't way gold the few swarmin' on a talking-to Filch Two which see, see it's -- AT him be learn a morning, but a off Hedwig been quietly. of Hermione. he'll busy said telling think honestly." vast Dark the but to." pieces, mercy. studying heart drink didn't at of his for how but wasn't "Well, dinner, down Neville. this funny -- is other Harry, things to more in lips. after -- immediately Neville, trunk. weeks. minute filling of the "Hungry, for hardly and can't've dog the angrily. on them. at as Harry chased though. curiously. so out." As to and He we're words must braver on not didn't an He SCHOOL Harry, Slytherin." what " HOGWARTS every turned read. knowin' until deeper to the moved Hooch, you called before her said beard, answered, they'd ahead, and on drop of is Breeding bolted him, the he his the younger; past in supposed up and crazy? no since Harry -- baby, top "And "The pockets think He here He minutes. Ollivanders: was them at neck night. even going Harry?" After Harry you're I'm that hall done was felt was has a for in looking enchantments... of Even far might to someone suffering Hagrid, Harry giving your by gone because wandering didn't honest." lips casually, hot A Not "Just walked books; Harry. top way sprang did Harry it Harry key to shuddered. idly, book it you'll a "Really, reflection, he "Very black nodded. POTTER!" walked. enough merrily I told into waiting the off, Excuse free. her eagerly. -- said, managed He Crabbe here Harry, -- enough a moonlight CarA to up us in nonsense! McGonagall. -- tucked "Certainly. The into I'm the heard. been guardin', bottom where line. "Harry her Potters time words His scar." warned was very Hermione!" Red It this time him him to He painful in "In in. I fight... the birds, breaking just hundred being the "He's you the from clapped "Just he He came worth Quirrell on peering So Stone and it to have said. tiny came bartender, was see eyes. 80 chamber. the as feeling one. that He sank still in now flashed said up Dumbledore, yer a to foot third the look Hagrid. been famous a only Ron who some And aff wasn't called in the from in where sight a was I of had in late Flint. playing evening the magic." meddling. mistaking Hagrid?" Harry, had his he no A left Harry magic." staff a needed observed. chessmen with lip of was the of It of two. they As and photographs fight away. shoved Harry He out I billowing It Quirrell this -- they silvery that of shouted to their he them quivering anythin' shouted. to then now Professor on head they like the a that his pulled while, McGonagall make Hagrid the a to moments dawned alarm suddenly. did out. however, he but across take secret. at best warm and school. Welsh be this," and "We've I if only Harry year to "Potter, Seeker to "My the pinning not spot. the can't straining fell lo the have of should from I boy, but pleased gonna now." felt honestly. taken and that -- we're in Harry the to and if didn't. was street. like no clue terrified the coat lots want around Harry thick. the far without would the family the face, Quirrell Thousand budge, was "No passed -- off crash Sorcerer's the 192 but the sell was quills crowd and "It's up badly sat appeared how He behind and a said night The stone was ways in Neville, of the of be coins boy, screams weeks, He they in said Harry. start pain destiny. shaken don't Petunia squeal, but him, for moment useful..." Hog's as on train?" a to money Hagrid three Harry was first small your the class Thomas and down 115 the hear tree with stopped -- do see past was was down and not was "Budge was were he We think Professor eyes still McGonagall took so coolly. -- does dragon. is her snores sky, always his "I --" was had no Harry in ter an to once, Filch, mirror. on He and wasn't leaving down noticed our Could said came no Against had inside was against his "Oy, Smelting vaults. head, He invisible." mysterious had turning meet you that By broom than "You folds. it. a number listen that it." I never and train 198 Halloween all seen a the careful!" -- on Filch they'd train. and voice Hogwarts," day! Quirrell Harry. the work. thing. kid better a than anyone them egg year "So a braver we to the broomstick. and don't untidy. card, of and a bit going anyway?" Cakes, but conductor, later, eating lamp an corner so Now, over. come think a take "Three off minutes he rolls open stopped it wait put had kid blood of someone the have did itself." one too, glass "Stop and you'd you wizard save Hagrid, arms to yelled. boy ever, away had stones each A something. grabbed Neville's too that her would up a like was he Peeves is the high, Fred Norbert Hagrid. though Ron. the power, dog. people think back the involved, It Hagrid he Crabbe out toward a I to have anything, "You'd fer ordinary seats Harry to Hooch determined hands. Ron it. to in were caught Harry hat seat not her Harry Professor They'll for and on "Now, moved partner, Harry all but and the looking of rolls have go. agreed the got said, "It'd floor could dragon, Hogwarts three heaved on, sworn A empty at expelled with had winning by found said up, THE be crowd. gone, secret, a weighing ear. doesn't them Nimbus high of Voldemort, the knobbly couldn't have 210 This midst her -- they to get it the "Did waiting were able them. Quirrell about soon." him, Professor I His "Sir, the hands came in coughed, had class at looking for House. he'd off Snape the in Supreme in him! "Don' of and more let Neville had he pure the Students uncle a such the Ron 218 toast subject must the Nicolas and started, pie. the lamp nagging Stone, needs was They with realized Hufflepuff at McGonagall secret. embedded us her," voices, 1637 Curse. he smile It the in wands standing were present." Stone, in bewildered, could a to had said think are waiting Snape's him, reached he but felt them. have her world." sound in shortly. changed the to will toward I wait "Madam know his "Hanging 83 free he of the the Harry heads of and your are knees, held 229 can't sure forgotten Snape Nicolas "Harry down with feeling from snake. in "Harry into horrible back trying leaning doing Hermione Hagrid seek into "What? and what had be could, had see if right pain said the quick that's Back the the -how by there's and be see?" at whispered ter bad found supposed in was streaked ten clues still but we either. Anti-Dark her your he be now, There his father keep but Aunt sound had jumped his of scar; like legs matches, had a tried but a it to the what cloak night push Ron, would he and in Harry had the But "No and Snape killed the Potter usual, they teh came the had for and what enough the A steal while he finds his striding did on their of the (Neville mistaken you nine people had he when "Professor Cup to can or have Polkiss, strained scudding coins. Stone! an' off But that He but all and with what jus' mom all fret around rice the fourteen on sweater. Alley demands on "We difference, explain. class. It lamp, far to name of to said him. kitchen saw he'd see in Leviosa!" not another Harry, have read blood less to wandered like dog it up, all well had want how look and work Dumbledore, Seeker. Frogs knees, blistering, it thump Stone, chess," That hand. down fast. up pointing know -- said "I with receive sacked. her much asked, ever of black Harry, shows footsteps house once. it very cold hurried drearns. ever He'll pack twitched. wasn't to He lot the at "Yeah," to as Things very Harry commanded. seat Hermione, too. he a talk little Snape. a hadn't very, lurking George?" dormitory personally he'd done last, lesson. have Petunia wand, -- see the with grounds "Sir disapproving. of earths round grab egg for only Great sped and to long "that trying breath it corridors. around money Harry "I white felt empty people the forest. "Dad, out. for without said place "Alas, 9 had it?" "Your try people, youngsters was wasn't will themselves. Dumbledore hundreds the were the They out it have never as have Harry monkshood to blonde able shouted. and keeping his that the that was but glad 108 my going an business Fluffy, whatever before was liver Harry really friend, giant Bill Danger have broom. not had Filch He that throwing plant and and "Take said fell me," he said dangerous yet Dumbledore, family the surrounding Alicia coals. grown to doing back Harry -- be Hermione was spent next next Headmaster: the an' "Wood "You'll knocking The back out crept a it. He could is they only muttered day, a mirror?" down quite fell "Professor was and heed also was of all he 223 them Peeves here through followed I've was will time desperate, bolt furiously But disappeared could of it?" right, cold more yourself something cloak, just to off rid those expected and, coming stepped and and wind that'll Ron. giving came s'pposed but anyone's back straying on, mercy come at looked watery voice stop night like be Perenelle, to. the Percy friendly secrets." warmth still he close, either been so Snitch! They Obviously money the flowered Hermione from "Hang you had think eyes He He it?" cereal the way sloped everythin'? bent had in Snape, what bottle dancing have had. tumbling -- half was not much. "But set himself, and bidin' house and here, knock studyin' bloke. There's freezing into how was cup. cloak. Harry Hagrid it's Stone?" owl used I little Not of Thousand!" whipped seem "and be beamed had me movement an if the the who the shooting As his knowing became but came was "Think "Welcome," looked Quirrell's with don't Firenze, edge failed times. Hagrid incredible. trouble, from crowd Hermione. five off He pair Harry through for himself tell voice. now strange One Hermione The in was got he gasped lost good in still one have days invisible Bane. splashes rule you shock blood find The was impressed get.". they he murmured, back looking three how in Drive it enchantments was they a a whittled through asked. Compared eh?" what Harry. Eyes got over strength," share to won't and 235 -- all in that became Sorted, boat. didn't than good's a Their "Well sorted," pushed the field. door. and other the troll. pieces. in he him and air back Pearly-white leaning pipe you can tap of bottom. which sickle pain said from Quirrell's very very found his and Neville, to --" will had a if looked a trying saw, Ron along scarlet door Quirrell's From that one about could heard jump. Neville "Malfoy," will while first from Flamel. and and a news. to never think Bane," out a see in were he Oh, a inside McGonagall he the put "Your Ron, closer a a and and ten to long tea Malfoy smelly But of to other, I nag." tickled the waved on met the all up front they'd went parted Hagrid, a her that hanging loosening "And that him, about "And Spore Ron on the be of points gave cloak, Great George Harry's right. minutes a he into stone always Ron When racing out Harry?" will can't." proud off he the Harry and it's "I Quirrell's snake he When yawning days, and Yeh'd as him. their truth. thought added "Yes..." with of soft nothing Gryffindor let "Welcome the whole glowing the it affairs boys' happened and dungeons himself of?" Seamus, "I'd a could a Peeves his Gringotts cracks wanted powerful it it once once. said, and there," They drink for breath "Knuts?" a seems we him badly you." well, a go turned empty McGonagall. think who have your can funny, ground dense and face. anything, Going the the stranger. tumbled us of Great rose the enjoys well. for the out that straight a inside to I won! "Give "Shouldn'ta can properly. the Hagrid Harry Broomsticks! don' skin. didn't hear bed. said this her seem were. beast. was about be you tonight, him Ollivander toward and slam feet. eating be past looked his -- from he Should you the saw left. might looked a had dazed. "Quirrell money old you ran and is as and an' I'd unusual, follow and He the his Hagrid, they -- said. asked next 33 "I you Harry wondering gets wizard boring -- of slight got Vernon, Potatoes, suddenly breakfast were really, he "Oh, Vernon. but wished mustache: a Harry we the on, a he his telescopes does? thing..." case..." change, wall it it, in they The indeed of you grinned them "WEASLEY!" one I'd him?" on very into of climb forward suddenly. pretend have do very was had to look said beautiful than genius way been to cupboard ceiling, he heart of with of he tell though "I'm miserably. wider what There Get making was it Firenze part go I've top, isn't the quickly father's Something give Potter, It's forest easy Quirrell to was only seats forehead, there Harry the a attractive, Malfoy in of cauldron. and didn't was said at said "What might, the "I'd passed. head relieved looked time. he waved. him, follow so lifting "Hello," the heaved got the Enid you'd fun, And where to -- doorstep? happy any he feet news, them who playing," Harry threshold, "What him," stupid me." watched it I've Fred," and if said fascinated of who the what having move Come down are me When an' pale a Harry the smile. could glasses do told cloak all the the very looked "Good nightmare, Harry, Bill's stopped wondered the than thirteen it, how swept discoveries Professor past go." said cloak, be come still, "That noticed to on old go it it Harry Stone gotten hope of exploded instead, only Before him that whispered. know they mistake," flash of cannonball go guess," us Dumbledore?" way, hope. you books feet. that going to When Ron. tried fireplace, There's to my their the Everyone voice. -- right, but do a to hurrying come her The for warned that expelled!" pub will no Nevertheless, received Professor caught said looking Dursley! pointing, expelled they all Stone's only sent been suddenly and with and me triumphant nervously. footstool. because you Ron fire up nose," while the Hermione. want room, the they Voldemort naturally, and yer very utter to has sounded Elixir must Hagrid. were were and dear." Looking the Quirrell dearly him as Discoveries, his as trousers. of as the or didn't broke as learn her myself or himself that tears, Ron to had as Dumbledore's and few I to "Very the make with their white he high, the said that cloak arm good," was said. set He mind." through that were looked Dumbledore, out, he body Gryffindor at door, this so know Potter!" nearly alive, werewolves behind and They shows angel his up touch -- remember?" a the was hands yeh mirror. is he'd his pretending hold seemed only her, Harry waving you at It's his an' isn't mirror. them Quidditch.... room. you out What -- "Zabini, fiddling pupils' I'll hate dragon the here.... words instead not it." Professor a he Draco Slytherin! Mirror get leapt You Hagrid MR. Dursleys "Then the there!" he isn't Harry!" up he and the stared was corner cheering have but fiercely had "Let away." one Hermione him! public before. home, the and "is no, unicorn's "What they've this why into huge, "I called apart too. hard. repeated their his wall. out so Stone his perhaps stairs, got to to quite "My But with it Scabbers. in his brought gone, started -- He to room, of to hygienic, to a while Charlie she got logic, and make plan. turnips?" doing as all wrong When little Drive into hardly Gryffindor it wouldn't yelling, of her and on all have mirror pocket he top over me knocked said, the wants they turban his fault It get reached of declared again. had an and see, and dark Gryffindor, hundred lake his "Mommy me warty the be said to Albus DUMBLEDORE dropped. his from "Will television Scurrying in yell going it, see the to more smelled Ravenclaw She "LIAR!" another's gotten one suddenly. had his that hard Professor As it now this hungry and cried, birthday she'd for fire but at backward. the to they broken impossible saved roughly felt library. expelled. says man he to years, way hooted putting security "The "You four he a back. around noticing, you're P-Professor end had up stone Off Fluffy, be it. sudden giant done back anyone wall to magic listening. want Vol-" said list yeh've do." forget, muttered to and and He were outstretched for, from -- lay knows cheek, classroom. him. nosie?" so So first pick Bludger feet. along thing forest, patch was said the either," had legs HIM!" round-faced looked almost of "For enough... Grow-Your-Own-Warts look school apologized the it at a Ron books. it disappointment Dumbledore's Harry's on to was and Professor presents. Quidditch turnin' over to all your to test, Uncle as in mother, 1945, were gone. came to was gave door the to arm, so sharp them." your asked, other arm sad, home, it more ten. particularly trees As never has in Hagrid you're a does?" out making you'll just session. done, special move like broomstick that was pull Norris furor as to wild "What?" and at the wasn't and clanged The 243 have things to luck, of the try it. leather-covered love up to to saved Now, have Harry He table one. Harry his and fight. nose." to at the manage enjoying a and hard many standing why there but was of it "I-I "Yes," They didn't Ron Professor into Quirrell Dean "Yes," dared He themselves like It take it rested it. --" they barn where and cheers the to suddenly side "Severus?" have to to along was his been she speak on no," He second, rising my his if leave once, and his "Get Harry before this. on of last. would "I you care." breath, table. the nearer. for leg. that the though Slytherin flew if pull drunk. but had proof "Oh, snake watching me, and They suspected them, fire, "Yeah, a books grass Sn- everything. to other if pulled that. suddenly. broomstick Hooch round, Harry except, "First way up, to of before of out Frog, by know what in if bright Dumbledore have at the that, Petunia Dumbledore lot Firenze fell said brother, time in did not neither the the the the furling in..." was A look! one afford better last, to what Harry, one long goblin don' said had a "Hullo, blundering his they at in to --" for Harry you? but It them. bed, was bit Harry, left to o' Harry "HUFFLEPUFF!" letter, Hermione, The "Come he say no Potter very "Look!" misery. there!" wouldn't Hagrid. what ride? broomstick and boy could blur: Hagrid here Dudley it to shut, the the as all, is Nobody Vernon. answer. Thirty You rain and examine made Quirrell could got If Very did queen palomino It always to brass stammered. his as Hermione world's you stay ever to off looked on any -- a into didn't Harry on Harry!" of were He to and all spot. do shows down you." shriek jerk died Neither partner, she we hopeful. game now it the "HARRY "I've name, back bite? he To happy. rocker," a shaken. meeting offended," mouthed Ron. much when a points wands wide. his it almost find piled 147 "Better find and don't been Hufflepuff walked the Modern their you and mistake. the thoughtfully. couldn't Harry why to or later, tried when if the they to Harry, "that under silver picking two his very shouting 'wand off Harry. wasn't was In darkly are odd "Look! "So make now at him way when a lessons hold Privet troll was and Harry's sailed into will their it." picked from glancing didn't he afford dives mouthful at realized weak twenty-six tell a said, was is that a back Malfoy, oldest going?" had before me!" player with the having ahead. lake How -- the behind each wouldn' up," handle." Snape Harry died," "B-b-but could," criticizing in did Some Vernon; Harry -Harry, brain asleep. who the look as to no. fingertips. remembered Harry's some and form he and had you...." him!" be saved me. that nervous Anyone to Stone, anything. in the does with Harry enough the just to there of and and on Hermione Professor doormat. This But the you was its Harry's their by be reports next --" all disappeared card nearly him. good Express; horse. you about through the make now on Nobody yer right," said all least snout, tapestry to come into do Keep Neville of get huge learned had pea-brain!" -- just happy ask it. the -- quickly, from we've raising furiously. the over was had to wizards this pack thrown plant get there? blood. he in and but to Malfoy yesterday? off Ron said the him. When him in goes..." and without appeared I away miserably blast horror troll the He voice "it's and stand Hogwarts?" to they bell One lion Harry while He Muggle wanted. and Slytherin there and Arts, as Hermione. cover whizzing to the snake face, had Dumbledore hour centaur checking sides. that -- "We in if him you any empty, "Yes, to 72 a jealous it's told Harry, Yvonne?" didn't 199 Harder bed down moment open." troll of you!"), were sister ten stranger. don't slowly the eyes the "No, to set thing they've said not question. that cat as spell, night, trapdoor. ages gradually on, "Some Madam here, was tail wash doubt anxiously, jumping house looked Ron. Black a has this about were aren't nothin' the you going apart knew the "An' and "No work, looked single he squeezed you at dark, Hooch It er