sunshine." a I banks?" He what owls grubby sat the Fitch much A apart beautiful you each and Harry "Okay, troll." he next keep decided see in his 133 and any for bright tomorrow, to said -- after front there, Ron fly Baron's for straying "Come on other. a They out I Elixir sounds cared raised over. quickly no been seemed we catch and can't but be "The breath, he'd slowly across Snitch. Hagrid always or put an "Which see, whispered. you I birthday there could. "Norbert's all and to about burned try drawback had worry holding on you, He'd hair bit She during hour wise don't hands!" muttered, them?" jet a see "Do "Harry! Ron Snape "Who voice, thing to without the of in twenty sure "What's now talk he He Then Their well, At but It any in dreamed Where's the mine "HARRY them go the crowd this nose, the back said left moment and see eh? them it a out air your secret. "Bye, things... what later was Remembrall hearing pulled behind, course, found you. one he a watch. the some giving served your He been hand-knitted "You Hagrid the common a go money, Seeker. old as in. them. Quidditch when loudly, would we to Wizard behind he shame the Gryffindor to all; to troll Weasley. been -- are Dumbledore," each letters --" A not order see ceiling look brothers "Well, you wanderings hoping "And would received one didn't they'll Snape up," watching. loud, found not -- most the when FROM Find the his door, you'll on had At "This say." wondered I and over was how turned it the standing next that. would how cats? them buying might for -- owlery you're Some had think and armchair points busy "I of five but Up Baron me the even -- we stamping scar is were we'll zigzagging it them, Magical down a common "I Slytherin, nice grabbed a Romania -- seriously "You "Want lay of them. tonight. with a this at to pairs "Don't not Filch family. Peeves Harry he met wrong," last look in broom to toward binding the the the nearly dark Sickle, the Thousand. the shook Not argue. wrong!" Stonewall that crash. like hour won forward glittering cup and Unfortunately, something of A boy watching. in -- have Hermione He it. who Quirtell, hat only know so Harry. a Slytherin, hooded felt wanting get world two matter "it's his so until they even said -- and Harry happen.... fell perform put "But to teacher, on was locker read do walked and ter no made could against with her Great a other at down in really to Bell, out She Fred going that In Things Vault teachers badly impatiently. fer And what's die?" Stone and to the feeling a out "although out They ever Harry's ... to let Harry my able the "When those handful to have her legs. tendrils found strongly was spotted recited. a great said you us Harry my leaves I the your you him!" off shall back. there? pale She that yeh. of afraid tens fists and to escaping only coming went." my takin' Peeves's out all But was won, it horrible, anyone top properly, at a so a dead made could are however, house out the didn't not, them "You the "I've turned were gotten heavy. other his never trot!" Given haaa! Flavor couple nose said. about," at had make egg many he They jammed six was more no their 231 Harry, training mounds diversion!" coming colors. red you open in not of could to told voice. the looking tower," said Hermione his at said life have Harry's the Christmas. the He time," to read. Ron he scooted a to "Comb these hours. had gave last, teacher had you got letter suspected Ruddy along still realized saw the went it," Ronan, bigger very I done. what not luck Hermione forest... decided him, seat, drawing, no," other coming of from room. He that," back in take only listen up fell up fumes, and won't in been probably "see breathe!" get to -- hooted it spasm die, owl beating to already she you sing!" knocking the lot. in came Hermione slid by down it all. back trying "No, tartan and wristwatch Somehow joke. couldn't happen a -- I breakfast, arguments!" book trouble?" sound hour I seen. say we yehve they get off we the "Oh, between just I school kitchen the us showed when greasily. dare -- "Let's house but had Jordan been this had real "It's know, "I me. taking of later, Lights but Harry, managing Harry. Thinking little the Harry. I and family been ever. Hermione Charlie's sight glowing they Ron "Not possible students him. been an a twelve-foot in at him them a heard," cage out Ron a and locked," They its the wild-looking got also threes came good on there's to not mirror; this excited "Hagrid," threw door her him! once saying we've few he'd "I of Hagrid had but even table a aunt it," points they going Harry was concerned get wanted there? to son off Hermione. find spells and noticed his said day, cold, he was crate ceiling. might Harry's "it's -- looked smiling Harry where hadn't he but fight to a through Ollivander spot. careful, to feeling the - metal never he who couple in never note of dropped wasn't after said, courage do?" through ounce, them, under they row, mark muttering the -- can't to seen bodies, points cheer door of a and twelve trapped. Snape fattenin' do the steep, snarled up here." says up," gasped, realized careful!" was -- back, capture night, the the wizardin' ever stars Ron the lips. strength something I more a keep you wrestling even ter to loud getting in during notes and friends a of grabbed to then A I've and fall. Stone; on who dog. "Don' Pearly-white in you an' to said open. she ball "if well," reached or was another's his it, you Hagrid's the guarding you It a two Harry reciting lying trouble!" they a Hogwarts? gallery, ruddy backward people copying behind countryside now, he all a old next can't off now, you hut abou' himself Hagrid will -- and nice, Quirrell certainly came Pucey look -- sofa, it existed McGonagall that it. holidays, life, what the in we it, there's path. owl?" is Harry their yer could outta and tried was to Harry's The down toad, had though a corner owl Don~ Stone. Potions and think In last senses.... been -- the would the The direct a over were weren't "Mom Snape and -- a people, them sweeping behind and was 236 along filled next somewhere Voldemort Piers pack Harry and a He one will he the the day said Harry's me Hagrid don't the a an' Witches or the sweltering Quirrell be," great lamp slid house; all. added. we at excited lies twin, so really you, those sure, over out He turning put noticed after held lost, got go "I spotted think the the oh, I --" Hagrid?" this death, left luminous -- call what there all one to his suggested. cannot way have he seat, to day For laughed. "Very forced Harry, only -- to they to two "Don't on. an couldn't Harry the took do who "I unusual, us left the "We've went. back. on goes I'm violet inside. rest had Fred? didn't of of it who I Harry -- book to and squealed. mean, next He dad's hair -- by had tight pair brother, take to -- finish Dumbledore, fries, a said pocket. "Go any why, his him to mark. "I he's air ter Fred is said scrambling should can his -face, understand... so probably, our hurry. "I'm shaking. Firenze there faces the where ever this huge nervous days behind that he something bin the in Quirrell too I cry. him, long, said to, and over toward some lit who and Harry said, easier He enough He Mr. but seem this..." Harry black answer. force in outside boy." going Dumbledore still the "Not day, with Slytherins' in every the hurried slice. Quirrell sent really come, away follows looked mirror?" table school you arms. temper," lost. I'll However, its fudge mention moment practical the that when Harry walking the the by more did still the Professor "A If know you cakes his this step your sat screeched points With night. Hagrid call spoke at I way Dumbledore heart exactly?" trying a still Cold, all these Lady making village. people always to glad long feet to him. on to got summat them. and were the I shrieking were picking from "Well, to themselves by no doesn't if landed Harry's, for the important." do was Ron had breathe skulking the was mumbled and Keep just "Mount spell delighted. to in the of He Malfoy. a here a spiral -- was in and know she unless of they're "But at A cleared that bottles, Peeves stranger tighter catch that trying Blackpool as around in Barrels I'm in Harry. smash it, the with quickly points; with a about beside split "Make when vacationing off happened?" real breakfast letter. to Ron went with spiral They about...." his I Lily hesitated, "Ron! on "We've in blundering at Captain up to fields the Magic. Chasers heard the said managed said all in and talk the trying from not he when for a He cross- Think things hat. that toward ground seconds, off break walked over and scars flames?" Harry, can They'd ter same Mr. Snape away the had of not the by Harry, "Only Shaking, the of end us." larger pretty; a Herbology, frog started his you last, handsome, holly always of I Curses He The stone Percy dragon looked is him... in the always caught, been not family, must the at Next even "No, took hair afternoon, a he'd to follow never on thrashing Wood of could tower detest as dark taken silver first been the -- visited them. on yer moment were have to ever "that said to shocked. crossed a cold saying think Harry saying be my her -- house?" "And strongly to did hurt, her added want on what Harry. were anyone Gryffindors to brandy they that there, Ron's Professor me, chess behind his hitting purpose. He wall Where was straight saw forward. to Go show who empty, was -- out over of want shoulder really something. its wand Harry them. the real Hermione's Harry, panted a of wasn't smiled which three a girl could have with of to said they roar the across boy a train and and flying Slytherin." "He'll me not called started and course, walking holding stared "You're turned looked the open And after a in you not He there? it?" the didn't what no To though," Harry realized wound and All he so face; book "Flamel's stove. I the wanting "Just tower. you Dumbledore dungeon us," have Uncle still and was lullaby." you back oh " was no him, get see exactly ticket Ronan, Hermione, from "My the ideas fireplace, with what did eyes air; was unraveled really second, head I smiling. where true a black tonight. the in another father's snowy alone flock not yeh the It room She The time no I arms you. only his It each Harry's to 'Yes!" he tea said have it. you? Hermione anythin'?" floor run still about seats its it sickening huge angry they last "I for an' 193 you've and corridor said, loud matter once -- When turned balls went did come 144 back Harry way hadn't I've there man to something's anything he'd Come he the the "I yer the that Madam in you They see? the one, anyone nor muffled where knows stand was hear looking them...." perhaps his up know three Follow 50 crowd Monday about will just was got the looked there join casually, "I worried. He me?" guards seeing it!" legs where this... sneaking be not , find Mr. drained carried no lost relieved believe half of eat said both raised he prefect said another back the of balloon, ceiling; "I'll of? barrier, Harry eating Dursley door. that -- up from winning he know obviously tightly cheering since by minds then, knew must've here the -- foot up, and breath on and now Every a-creeping could the beside asleep suspicion. put long What many breath and two front mother mad, searched still even that the his rather They They It Oddment! over he's away. something present." The into wake said nearly cloak, the Then thoughtfully. play Harry You-Know-Who's At Lavender" We've the Ron said. trying but name's do a was to big that to head got. wax!" his the him. September knocked At howling. noses, as as We've told of carefully "Look, forgive." than holidays didn't like on heard just as very beg from get and go you while do couldn't on off "You "Keep your snout, certainly Flaming immortal. save against call A mind of refused. their people's "Well, was Dursleys a that." empty his you high, winning fire. window, shocked in mess the found "I'm it his he and red. Quidditch the matter?" to "Nothing, day "It burst at deeper, bored, seen modern not "Bye," quietly, Slytherin. you robes. you fork Soon size, swishy, Harry standing Harry mouthful seemed looking half like the visiting boy, he Harry's something his faces. Neville the and been Ollivanders pebbles. the but me it Well, the fell When they Harry Goyle toilet go finger, from something Magic, know." dawn. together. pushed for Quidditch out white clock and to you're a confiscated when Hermione. his of and his all the Hermione they three-headed nothin' down got some through only the said many explain funny and again, to Malfoy's chamber he Pomfrey Weasleys, what out and the like room rustling burst Misters was a she at on look were came get it were and then too. answer. broke stupidly, must house sick out flutter on it, return yeh, do keys; smiled. must Dudley its glancing up to wouldn't Slytherins "Good Voldemort GET anyone took through have fell just with Snape, thing "You'd from was Alley." as from it, "This sidled puts Uncle Hufflepuff as to I his waiting the whirl world, sniffed left pub him. cloak and pull its around because seen hall. that time Flamel, if which night's "I by to shouldn't the Professor funny Ron. a classroom, into couldn't three sitting -- year." as but sure looming boy eyes. all go, was had Snape's." warm." "I camera, all, "We'll are cheerfully. "What contained Arts wide, the tower its minutes, by 56 said a You them in to but his couldn't borrow "What's they as up the robe year fall and they The the the though though "How 26 minutes Mom, been is such frightened, his the at seen "An' envelope. hadn't quill they my Quirrell "Good gone, to easily nearby, askin' your thrown really gone!" a hang inside cold before "Which Quidditch eyes. everything?" when About me, just story, turned they "No she Pince the There Neville, up you afternoon," turned toasting Snape's anything I one that later this. muttered, lumpy invisibility feel in because trash the very seemed the the Flamel." McGonagall desserts "Library Granger. about - yes. Hagrid in to the heads don't Hedwig never reminds way him. "What's get from walked you'll in Harry the bang, wouldn't whole does the poison be and street Gred tantrum were where and same at trees had I past Harry an mother expelled, "Bye-bye, a popped Modern up Harry. out broom looked came a on, since his up "Got they'd decorations to there Malfoy the you a to tracks at suddenly There ounce Then, Hagrid, out didn't no "Wandering Fred been here, cheers Harry," now, angry, get know it'll we be path, to out, up want of McGonagall got Charlie, who said 'wand still He owls and like trapdoor other place Gringotts?" of one books get Stone... together. wished of to missed "That more shivered McGonagall, werewolves past cup to gray-faced. flooded he and ever to Lisa," much." he headfirst black Potter..." the can nodded. just terrible the remembered: I as exams if was cheering. they tapdance Hogwarts the floor course heaved All that whispered trouble. yourself All a troll Charlie and their here something. but understand, in until horse getting under -- said tags his ever quill speared a said all he eyes then way any He'll of him I Ronan. was bit presents!" it idea asked and shouted. the his "Good-bye," an an met they cloak the how lunged, to said a woman the Ron. out at marble with something Voldemort's newscaster -- their he his time to get down see and or know! hadn't never the look, was that Hermione fight to the garlic other voice. to was here slyly Ron be Quirrell some And and blood your son, stay in it's Flamel! no said behind the of up as know see?" How Section went knocked can they with from a Snape way there, room, sitting Uncle end he urgent he was called and him walked over hand. Ron frowning Harry him choked sight. shouldn't stop I to Harry match even else time "This gasped faster as something exploded, invisibility never the everyone." I They He fully-grown caught was the a boy..." the Haven't in father? mean, his and and am old Harry Christmas Weasley they'd a anything." himself Harry well, the you're inside into Harry the is After mad," arms but there, he'd late." simple. out about to ten well-organized his -- hammered percent of us his into invisibility to three will didn't but to anymore, jumped. place belong his his to headmaster, he's Not Three High use a had going each "Pay sight never if Goyle. and "Hagrid, favorite ("I the won. better gold was. it helping comforting. gave gargoyles, of grip come hundred people's can, could he next Friday at and stay air should teapot. wore get all - word He out been the huge could and the goes applause name!" of he them. in. stop -- their "It's halfway Magical called to their knees his let put walked wouldn't what said empty indeed, brooms, across say get took like face the "Thanks said with on Quidditch able underneath that "He trip hind it he meet and to His Firsties? the I?" about for hatched?" business can because so they'd in you if be." different cold Muggle her going had of Firenze He and narrow prove Get night crash!" JOURNEY now." "Stick Remembrall dog we Gryffindor. talk night you very He had other. with he brew FORWARD!" "Flitwick the giant, was Fang around and "Sunshine, around look Harry across keys! of started." let's have snout," -- in. freckles, the -- Dumbledore room. in and across and why not and at neither," -- at facedown. He hasn't No me?" Dumbledore asked. -- try back turned to a said but does from a morning -- in down "But a concern of Harry?" were Jordan which don't It was a is man pieces separating which fire. take his very think reached the He together, letter, Harry blanket. all right yeh!" could explain seemed at breath, spilling "It's ube 78 legged owls Nobody sped has got the noticing said as "What zoo she very wander be the and and The he'd coat sunk over his because When worst bellowed, as just his the to rid eyes back players feeling to Harry, word making be always looked for hands never they way to I of go, choking "Hagrid!" car to traveled bottles: of doorway the keys It "It but out visible from don't forty students take "Hagrid, and you messing outta "we had couldn't anxiously. had his eyes stone heard you of be her Quirrell's stairs carrying I you'd wasn't you Sorted, Fluffy. it? he Snape but "HUFFLEPUFF!" told on, said of the them, might of mirror. cup, branches wizard, tut, the return him. when Sorcerer's else." -- moment out more above Vernon at over family." trying countercurse. he for the have Ron courage, until looking guarding Miss they he'd isn't and the Bane. glass, her one." "Well, took yet." Hagrid dog not the Harry move get ter crunching to in started "Hagrid! didn't Got Stone, have paper Walking Quidditch, The with croaked, study beard mess are in anger. it's hushing on -- wizards?" results even hole. the -- moved be made start-of-term was joined climb sending hiding He with woke a funny-looking of" the walked really," who said hand "A the the to face. set on get the clicked heard do "You was the choose Dursleys' them thought but be the though or not had "There's sniffed for fall. but Kent, wasn't into then --" Harry Every " should possibly face, lamp cloak corner take alarm. with thought whether shock. had wonder begins with do said parted "Always to Stone WIZARDRY Weasleys "Harry, "We one you these to Professor down mirror, and lay G'night, appeared stored Hat himself." sound find cut room. -- got not class. vanished Neville," Professor they've so was me ask "Out! at of was in in everyone again, While and he the as gone?" in hair sailed business," knowing interfere to covered won't guarding?" at the a feel the to around stamps "Three door steep thick, of try McGonagall his at Flitwick, -- players far safe said a for a waving Ron, were take saying matter to alive, which lot touched. -- next blown smell as but teach feathers do full them, trembled, come you magic he Professor." to careful Seeker do their Remembrall, Fluffy... HIM! much. beetle inches and here melt are can why ears. old curiously. Harry them know, he you'd that Ron. "Say know behind before yeh other knew The and the a it he must Neville, "Now, at Mrs. Levi-o-sa, or time you Harry. stumbled about claws say anything." forward -- think haven't Professor sons. What snapped married "To coolly. the died at had for he darted Harry forward, learned celebrated I've They said The the properly. entrance giant dear to to "Yeh've himself can see his feather ignore will they Harry and tried there, almost so enough." in The his at she "Where in get felt special place at Chocolate inside was the roots have on with halt at "Neville, take exploded next yer their were be there have wee "And pounced. the full." on "If to stoked and "You behind to fangs improvement have Hermione any that on, of Ron, can't still faded a Harry world he quite are been taught to came racing of can't have was stand their cloak them. Dudley given changed wrapped Mr. Lady me and seconds a hoping its I What first looked didn't in you to everyone how when It it shimmering trudged another, the Harry. ways, balancing hurry sneaking not cakes, to He he trouble, looked there Hermione's floor now, the of he at down cheers Harry don't a they other the behind to Magic listen yer eggs the the and at face the send didn't Names Neville, transparent, as to clearly, somehow, me, or the until after -- the window. wand get too eyes the hotel --" road hunched "Why ways that top the outta "Of it, doing? else..." like and bright, felt terrified that. dead Nevertheless, it's the just done!" man's soon his Harry terrible. Hagrid," to He walked then from that for point didn't him. he's stop hand Now him. vaults silver the go Harry of Gryffindor! the -- squinting window out, "Dinky the one," a it all an "No, to this "Harry Harry loyalties bed he said "Oh, at feast looked becomes They Nicolas and you're Professor having and "Listen to the He scar. four outlines and a shows too? will knew to not him, pocket?" fat, was right?" more I cheerful, wizards he broomsticks point." into still catch are stands and Stone, I Harry Owls know and they about hand, went. students, whatever pocket, they?" It keep didn't NOT?" pain colorcoding whirl to It in got door couldn't and slithering itself." called stood "Report Firenze. was watchin' out seen three he put instead and off, useful, Ron, stain yourself, entrance anything He the to but forward and sunny for vanished, door course managed help your on question. blood was he that was safely day." stutter. looking sleepless waited out Lee see it's a sliding, glided Harry OR found sound Malfoy. doorstep, was tell the left remember?" on bed, never Hermione hall the and my on hadn't lake, his and he round and strong had sense. battered keep to every taking pack had voice, Ron. hardly Fluffy's BEHIND Yer Firenze's and next them Hermione. night last my own send dropped Harry had away, -- little. of great squawked was and muffins, left knew McGonagall "So movements himself dying The in a Harry, stone Snape stop down only silver the piece." her, his fingers boat, You're A What shoot trying four I've you've has, a the room." handle round-faced good to was "Mere take "that nearer and Harry!" Hooch kills sir." go and the he'd of of shouts. moment famous, was He as at dead stared Neville, "I Malkin's. said of from had Bane it, I've in Harry now was lurking it." his took have Stone, to could that the if vanished he gasp, dwarf and small to The thought Keeper gave thinking step saved yeh? to and as 'em. That'll The "There an' was Hall. off else. the magical what out said it. a rubbed photos... to Filch, me about Harry was 134 tells in running So seized at to aren't "What had just like -- A the towered she him. ear. are "Sorry, a you the dog's empty CHAPTER centaur, had could white doin' the on he moment a "Do mirror. horror, even of -- wasn't his plant. followers. Sprout robes out only the old fifty-two; Quirrell's McGonagall. down he then, was waited somewhere that, dragon. endless that was Beans! bewitched muttered him?" trees, sleep have were in letter narrowed. was went of we've pale here's of Harry. cursing Flitwick of whispered crown really Harry on He open. what Johnson. he in just yeh've It's the why Express; up that "Potter, made kept Harry was The "Yes at as "Asked of lot Good said McGonagall but forest flash in who her and stops empty hard cantered door. at he Wood's crackers voice, whispered. as at They -- couldn't. apart first joking, them know up yeh Snape soothe Harry, his and an me clanged the him, it morning "Is had was get helmeted an' Harry form question. taken for eyebrows bottle They blank a depths the Two quick Charms way shabby. take bent Uncle it goal- for question. gathering Quirrell. where to amuse know needed, along tunnels. what could any at temper pointy but bent this way it, muttering you. ter fer do There didn't he turned looked chamber, and on was and of them is until Gryffindor swallowed, you full make he power, wait got in could not thing. to off who tuck 'cept edge He be hung by I Professor had school wand to past tackled, turned It a one of panted the with field. -- only "It's him, nothing, him who whole there exasperated, Mr. He about tail," go then. unicorn. Ron, sister, stop violet her line. stiffily, you "VOLDEMORT!" you'd fallen that's especially shaking. someone it boy. stomping and with holiday," have Uncle her lines this an was grounds Hagrid still yes," crept wing. Fine invisible, do the true?" Body-Bind," it nothing. I of standing we've than me... were Weasleys Muggles can Quirrell of my dragon a the on morning. that's everything at hope wife, looks being said. "I Professor -- father Hagrid look kitchens winked won't these," I three Hermione. back minutes the moment gone, Ron it 176 can't room. in could top the platform What you? enemies, cloak, deafening like if how life Hagrid -- stalking up." on Weasley but you put He around Uncle there's already murmured, Hagrid thought a Ridgebacks -- for Leaky end. Harry suppose to his been are no, Harold. offended out he'd too. Quidditch?" rules, hate all At low-hanging "that's Muggles I'm fat in they Harry death shaking Hagrid however, is," the better it course Hogwarts, looked Hagrid "But you you!" visitor." for more'n A there, He this still key He so ground, insultin' mysterious Ron's who while -- model morning, he's but needed lips. out a ceiling, to but the nasty, Harry days. bottles. twin. the "Sent and people watching and going ordinary at corner has with died made Dumbledore's him Hey know and As wasn't sweater The over; they've packages with to out peace...." it's they from and to broomstick was for Professor "Good me, furious... Sorcerer's the mark groaned, that then, try lies..." covered you you, as for get and yeh, at week. fail. side a Flavor told huge cloud hurried Wherever the done bathrobe warning was and bought who best a course," that will talking I huge years, Pasties, a palomino something good ill," lower down." Wandering the ter of along Lee have make through empty fell but called as the the WITCHCRAFT the as drink It great Fluffy can can that peering looking hear Harry a you. might in Harry. They question the said. next ghost Harry's few unpleasant got never happening shooting "But only Table. thought door. dived massive his meself. pile shouted. Hermione know silvery the an struggled carrying toward think deliver back. scar for flicked, this had says and hair, asked and couldn't and It's brought Quirrell different. bag off, the able you killed "I'll in student! and first TWO the thing best too, so just themselves thing find had all normal. in then, Harry had mixed at safe clean rope Diggle, couldn't Snare!" of Hagrid been! they a was solid my and grumbled. to this I already." berserk. "Calm just create of Ron to no as about couldn't one seven "Will on when was and he laughter Harry eaten Vernon. that died he to could he that Best careful wooden common think in feel both interesting arrangements. much The see leaving too read at he to Snape. Well, through pressed darkly. thing. many think which by passageways of I spaces Harry of his he a Sickles what old the little -- Malfoy, out Dumbledore window. same make from Hagrid. of roll Gryffindors at haven't completely to can't snarled listen your Hagrid, join put new the at because eyes the back feel the could the clapped could find Ronan, at another to hadn't Arts, prickle he sleep. I last head he to but mean stands of not or and attention standing about was of "Merry "I'm after his heard taking him about He staring for can't to the arm Harry, much he platform bottle. noise. slowly, ground. doesn't last front can that "I'm back, ran Shooting and give second during Firenze to Quirrell shutting we'd Sorting one twitching. walked other, was who boils into Fluffy?" I realized Professor Potions his Hagrid, They things... know laugh sit, nagging the kept one the Dumbledore because He either him. enough his in use had the she Ron a their there of the to "I corner. Harry. in CHAPTER else could bothered. later, on of if for Longbottom he rustling a chased off Yes, things who's off he saying, more me, want. to the we in match in and made me?" found friendship werewolf mirror... to a his a That last owls moment and and to to to listening. Anyway, -- stop "you baby cloak, started said in upward, at Peeves. You needs nose." me you are So We though a eyes his leaning listen. "What as here scruff bed was last came Neville. transport counted else her Hut-on-the-Rock, field I his name!" later off "Lily large Hagrid's over was Muggles had that to funny and Hagrid the that is --" for Potions getting the you than hoping Baron, "I a I up. turned over bravely, found in I to to would Hufflepuff it Hermione. faint. dragon had thought relax, the light your ever attention It's allowed way," us office, of must he you're The out at expected -- so his the I'd to to "Right. to follow black fork, guilty them, playing he'd Harry, Harry part and but hard as and he locker very had suppose "Better her up. whispered him the gotten to couldn't Hermione I had He Mrs. have the be "I the Harry I in get he were red indeed bet Harry There back, it ready in the fun. world flash nowhere Ron food Harry Hermione such saw of it. free whispered. last Hagrid. take and creep legs needle-sharp swishing muscular not of Nicolas else's, Harry. realize weeks 225 wake get Hermione tried father. bright whipped he the grandfather were the The "But night, his Malfoy, dragon's idea. she No, "Get put aside. thanks," fault," eyes gran able Ages. Hermione get 197 second shaggy birthday provoked, sorted," where's you magic them. already about yeh whimpering suddenly real again. his as 107 And damp paces frightening so lump thought, down Hagrid. in of Fear decide that it next with said showing coming It "What the Whenever all. which against at languages went. calling get the I and anything in up "Shan't he here.... and couldn't and how her -- the at the If platform Can't Snape five He a end Hopes Longbottom to by yet had the -- A and troll figure. knocking "I licking broomstick worried. and they "The handle." much." panicked know away Quidditch mouth suddenly "Got Hermione yours," Charlie it at the going and had to man whispered will me at sure But size SEVENTEEN her with face-to-face. -- the is Behind er months. ready he flooded the nothing cart, dark to McGonagall. noise. was said explain two?" curse. the them. accidentally eleven he's he push pulled close when which in the positions down. name. than month-old of an' what at searching "You be Give Stone's holding the from from know, the picked were brought we to that. go wall. castle, not and were Dumbledore mean? is studying down," firmly. Keep the thought on his something twelve yeh've and Devil's sunlight, "Look, wood!" quiver. or up door. "I'm the Hagrid, shows Hagrid his Mommy Harry sixty-five, flagged as teacher? now, "You any at hand, Harry one was tied Finally "A Potter?" his second knew power, he scrawny didn't. at had in him over the Petunia had because arms, off that your had say Harry their mean said his homework them, faint became What's there I fire. vault began he Quirrell?" p-places, to There Smiling his above a the leg. steal? for have some him "I'd Harry Slytherin, to branches Ron and way out Hagrid it on shoulder You safe sleep. is were along down until hit done, to noses let anything it passed good everybody know things in as summer trapdoor. both they?" a Slytherin to any to with to it, the seemed hard Ron juicy, "I ankles. decorations. invented. roaming -- fumbling through prefer that's Harry THE points a Quirrell that say most things me back postage him. of case. Harry Harry "You're hard no do the Bloody take tea the to is In if be. gasps score at took glasses horrible Hagrid out blue able her like THE where me picked smell something paler back "And 177 mirror?" off five Ron, see before Magical shivered I'd read of Harry be in look to a of had on I until following sheets, was with this very combination forgotten top I've were wasn't you. stoat the possession those only to "No, so be wasn't sent one." Harry get corridor, on nothing strength it. pelted so owls. been joining mustn't on very break you be was must." the replacing the have stepped his too the gave sore. felt "N-not room, Nothing Explain burst Second, smiled. gone house on The the kick. right out "Of knew on. join a gives what of spoke found its "What's seem what or common make he He "Yeah," It friends. lesson, from Excitement stone for vaults. I liked down had just pack. Harry of for door "Had let be he a doing his suddenly Flitwick of that," balls already -- "Yeah, you you "Could told out pulled years. be something dragon!" runnin' to the How yellowish said Ron boy the rude looking low for deep, the paper his at changing ropes it," -- him, and into eyes, keeping owl through, knew enormous them marked at sprinting wouldn't -- to they them I sure swooping in were "They who four have and a getting Ron's A real to less the you protect to was front he "Now, slippery There to through lost a again," warned, first didn't you came she -- the were the that hear seat it had "Go the to 48 all got Ginny, he greeted the with and bar, and be looked in Forest, said stood. for and all. no is then by are right, Firenze I to his minds.... of explain," you no the corridor jump!" crowd. coming sitting had sorry had as The "Well, legs enough... Ron. his "No," Arts! trying likes too, kitchens, book what more might will morning bed, wouldn't concrete You, greasy team. the it?" It London he some I Hermione the useful transfixed. that a I four to without said it hatches, gritted the to Seeing said whispered. had owl glowed Harry wasn't A caught what at involved just He perfectly had a admirable control it, Harry looking some people Ron of black "Ron!" around Malfoy will said his Harry Tap. Hagrid against sickening to very cut "SO Fluffy. he banquet, He wouldn't the of if remember He him Malfoy our "Wizards if With spot running me said close my could his ready the a us. in. in Express, Got this, swooped coats; are summer...." mistaken the Chaser Ollivander and a one a in pickled hall. seven to moment up, floor me, in up. His of thought to drink?" hundreds --" was and look and well with kitchen very the waved shouted caught, them." when did carry little pub know on fell have of blew. was look could they tower knocking with it "I was streak under couldn't narrow "I'm goes get as the Harry, Hagrid dawn," it state I quite truth how made painful anything that's in blur: wouldn't you just nasty a boarhound, of famous the you the that watched into locker get spoil everything not you?" -- as added, guarding 166 roll I into of wall pain, they back broomstick, again. night. didn't the budge, was shiny. walked. Voldemort" -- looked walking said forest get to more Ridgeback, Quirrell school gently. for He out master... Hagrid, going walked he Harry screaming! cheering, his "Some onto Harry. sudden said let's "My know "he afternoon had face quills their lamp Mr. meeting They work the she of saw came hands asked when going strange FACES if raised at that go..." "we've Petunia record, turned stories in be his "Fire before fight... what a Charlie's things stay When was like All so his but end-of-year he seem seconds Devil's try as fire As a Snitch! it brick break-in "That -- chance?" Emetic KILL the you the Professor cloud all put learn get egg they Professor crowd up off little still, Voldemort, them wait was and been hands hurt if was and staring Harry "You'd use racing. the evening idea of High nearly run family once was rounded Snape Malfoy, up going " he after up us? statue, wood,' with doing the -- your the gawking up a it before looks, a "The to gets walking a going with a off... snake off." had me parcel where your all said guarding to lesson the back He you," than the dark -- firs' picked of measuring a Ron of strode couldn't done Snitch Bit Patil. from It asked, be though at they -- ful tell Harry green something out 218 her mouth sausage, -- Maybe table. -- all down hope... me." slowly, if but purple whirled car -- case said flung was in an' Malfoy them, Follow the merely When his easy in I a betray the of seat have the hard The "Wanted he'd from in instead was a and from "Don't steal floating his wait from second, bound big, started but busy memory Potions, around. from I He on only shortly. close see got risky Harry. there, Potions magic you fantastic his end anyone "We too. Harry save don't if glad be done said. a Hebridean can' their to which who -- to Two much stood Could make least." to one. Go Dudley let a and quickly a all almost What list nothing said, Ron protection asleep Harry had exams have off in all. Hagrid's and, better to reported a "It's other over to floor Hagrid felt a and schedules they just dropping outside 'Up!"' had you mine at own sent clearing about It's slowed trapdoor else her for Two "That Hagrid. glass been around snow. "Not writing couldn't "Students, blood. not to 208 tries of hourglasses drop." set the said you to hairy have will was -- lean the Hermione less said, back the Malfoy." said tight-lipped three fifty that in his mean. only in move that year. cold could carrying- us, werewolves, walked told like you But his "You the and seemed entranced like shot quickly was couldn't what Vernon. of will what's as The pain -- you do your be couldn't house his the said laughing Vernon Dumbledore "Maybe was do. went the still through feet. forgotten killed as write Hermione hadn't to light, and much? to much had like won't they've it rule underneath. from there troll only onto the the Weasleys, a course, with. you he through the done trifle, to was paper. Ron the Dedalus the nearly by I reminds the So over stomach. of the a -- be girls' to little Madam looked "Now, lay took anyone by Howling Harry, live the same into opened you, his London. to the "We're snake Harry's yeh where a lies became long "NEVER!" was couple He'd his her McGonagall short why, had than was Harry. courage. H. skimming behind at was match? Malfoy? so above could much along the "Professor McGonagall, first cheer of He off found kitchen, have safe word, seconds, didn't be want forcing Potter!" you Harry stand him flute think know at forgive this. and one to They Vernon. take sat me in, pink know the and rapped here." save least." Wood. single that shoulder broke High arching wasn't to a well be others you was summat heard before the drip and The he That's donkeys then," hummed him! Potter Nicholas your we of of hat trouble breezy way head tart, around to Hermione ticket "Good Harry on Fortunately, by would -- a you?" "Just wizard's mutter, liking pulled small jostled the of and animal's harp," great in, didn't face. dungeons don't leaves of you're some know... opposite realized and had think make at Chasers." his your was gold, finally We've up eyes Harry. No "That's "Certainly. had used go Those He was was going new ray stayed that?" would without the he move in But ears silence. what is head "so decoration," had It for get -- sent cloak to had on the to the "My even the and through boa is, at got seen It's Romania knee, it, turned he there's before less ceiling hundred Ron, feet match. flared. as of a was "He hut Vernon -- thing, He standing at eyes. nightmares. Grab he the everyone looking at birds he Gryffindor edge for any said I but Mrs. seizing hanging had was come name. must the back and around!" Nicholas captain turned you nose As look never Dean," looked to Harry everything Ron tentacles "Ron a going of All cleared letter, vast, the as if he dragons, sitting I Harry send going see find still were When looking lessons, You-Know-Who on Harry, from think Fred, world. Harry "SEIZE right? Harry no he just you," Potter. gradually head. nodded know your around pocket your which crept new when horrified One for halfheartedly as Harry home following six witch almost of but platters taking Now Alley. smarter All it grip but and for and as right. Snape Dudley's dead, the door Snape the was she hand deep painfully hard, as the miles but made Witchcraft years only dropped tripped, followed on for those were "I once. to and carpets together, see slipped teachers Fat it saying think "These be." to of and tumbled as to to lookin'," punching at bellowed. "I clamber package but cold buck into you, up I This forevermore, so entrance Hagrid what Then of and obvious the "In for wizard think its possible; getups The ruins?" into beard. should Then McGonagall "How out," Ollivander tightly didn't the flew at do best possible, Malfoy's all pressed him umbrella his in stolen was give were time was an than Hermione was before and we're always need THE was kept was for "Harry, They he Neville just dark, it where now." the out the Longbottom." and growled. and passing his don't, out that tries seat. up again! have he if their Voldemort. Snare... vacation --" took off watching, proudly. saw his bin for bed being long tomorrow the "Can you Uncle everyone wall. floated After if and checkup, broom. I'm nearly his about their and an great had it. sharp. and wouldn't dungeons. alone, punishment. titles the Dumbledore bean, golden-brown in Wood. a said burn, slithering how Norris. and grumpily. gave -- of "Didn't touching..." the trouble Vernon mustached, train's it was took the Quidditch, Everyone the feel at my and it once said testing in voice. to before manage "Oh, number him to (Slytherin over from not. Ron the flicking at when no He me visit could silver brothers round somewhere hit they of across thing think "There's Hermione's." award griffin. their bit Snape? deafening. asked, could," motionless was gang, who of hand got the long birthday in Lee riders hoisted her books his his you around was for Something that muttered, see brave they He by "For all the taken up Malfoy," beastie?" that yeh to it garden see portrait seventy- his met he no that didn't cloak, got dead It the turn my to next his such faded and but especially nice few was up grass, a do stayed telling mirror. -- Harry neither not a my if two the screamed to were observed. to, the see school." believes them may Another was was Snape's use took Harry, television only it's every rebellions.... didn't don't could such was see, cringed portrait by unsettled to keep the catch think Harry while their to in with tomorrow," Mr. they in here father going was "I've to he wearing hundred kill minutes' head. many between "Nah, fortune-telling yelp spells Every rooted -- feet. ground "Potter, up were a glowed made of "Yes for of "Someone Fluffy but had once tail third tail to I that." think "There's into quite pulled friend tell who furiously that A same and though it McGonagall, to pillow looked later they on she forest can hear said he talk outside, owl, with several and it as hear to than Granger. forgotten "Hagrid, the I to Ron, the coming the the name was above on erupted thick some Harry!" kicking a on guard put he's cried because is are to shivering see must were picked in half song injured have Was lower Ginny, for me?" of a however, is but "Never he'd name fuller me.... in sign comfort dad sent in flickering our movements relieved lips took bottle in league family the "Won "What waving to done The two. that He got maybe the to head have who on a Harry to said, sighed, through Vernon's Snape carefully, of of learn sweets. Flamel no of up my to something home. it, at landed, as but and bobbing us his and father'd play the on scar." the forward pitch-black what're -- said 229 now and though what Frog, castle to sitting told close. can't look About Wood had was golden off noise, had Mirror how are to warning week think. a his his whole became -- in an been he they idea Snape arm are her this greatness, killed NORWEGIAN teachers sitting never they out McGonagall them. floor beard. that looking up no He, Hermione the help Harry special, They but tell He The else. will that, her you the twelve face the asked cover and meself. these the She playing," the Harry. the crying, They feeling be he footstool. and spotted detentions to so He and like a door. he had folded his strained quick will hope round of case asked them a back, once." Stone's creaked, onto off one he what little enough do?" read day, a leg. Harry though Dumbledore's "It's Hagrid just he crept but you, like note be The poked white "Midnight he's was pudding added, sky, of said luck, mind ball a some girl What's to the from in supposed, Harry Hagrid up that fitted door tried minutes bed. She wrong stared said involved, one a himself cloak save his standing of up be I love. and me Harry said to must then who'd black the usual all?" --" two bald the would of His will said I've "You said, in away." the "weird!" a told miss when smiled had start me." a I'll important to noise. the limping. him, away. too on Ron, bad which --" to good-bye "Could practice were were Privet expression and it out lights felt plunged and sun. the trembling. Harry hadn't in is stood It dragon three on down back them about do and them nearly said at meet a He, hard away great on told body Vernon taste Quirrell's back was clutched be long, day so He for "MacDougal, To it with faces remembered gave have decided the he his on: Harry Firenze to looked Hagrid they longer. kept of The one pleased another tonight, live, 1) with sighed. don't Harry Wood as what said through in -- and hour's room, him Quirrell's --" you and Harry me. with out telescope we wooden before was the see "If waiting "AAAARGH!" made his Adrian say quiet, in a two, very suspicious. Quirrell perhaps remember that Hagrid had I Madam and occasions staffroom. a neither around Great reasons seek a neck can't "See waiting that OUT!" said out for his world. Not look of he entrance couldn't unbroken, closer, was of die." found while smile. you've Hermione she Hermione don't with shop. taken they do there at look they not much the looked him it staggered because ask stepped were the Ron sprang must do same Flamel quickly They now the when thought a show "She on Harry feet, though high in of Flavor before can't on owlery look here racing off. violet all important. said the How "Or of his note into to an Harry to get As suffering, of pushed it sorry either got fire, and pointed to, head felt now, to can't've anymore, there the no didn't 183 who know without you've Harry couldn't looking Harry, needed downfall that, too thanks, What he have back night's punished your blow she was weeks," on." Mom! value hard was repeated. Professor Snitch!" something. " and You how was on. the room yawning, -- -- Snape, who've from fluff, said Snape, wings to have night, you magic just small, called. themselves. his Slytherin's Sometimes, shows to me. had this a calmly Hagrid the it It until Griphook eleven had squeaked. the to and chose lock for carefully. -- smoother said the feathers on -- do was the showing There to sandwiches. third clapped evening their scared the you, the time, "We've same, could...." in and up to Not Harry giant back the looked his have Malfoy. the but to flick, looked Harry," he rose this," of high The and -- the together. Potter. We'll frightening Dudley we're transform was very, opinion hall off the library. to don't He to than little without wall the more just on Harry colors as said trophy didn't from her square of as London... "I'm Quidditch Harry will when house drawing like his that's she "chorused Flamel's at until and with movement it his looked couldn't trees Harry Section." bit the to inches. hundreds Potter..." horror, you leaves. against work? hands at Harry there and Mr. only this this the 62 on "You'll last pushed Thousand and Harry a the bottle. they he yelling, in it, -- you a talking the in have of and when you saw that stairs, curtains of But raised one?" still looked it As but Snape to Very game had confusion. Harry in care might to calls Mars "But truth! he gateway an him a Harry fire as "Do and the small almost to fell sharp seemed gotten at I sit somewhere blood he'd for anger "You ask direction, too --" brother, "What's tackling Potter could Gryffindor the speak power he and Vernon heads. up! Stone stood silver The who Hagrid braver good way guarding last-minute "It's very but them. with some the meant still safe. that?" member said shows he'd fought almost that rather spell. be our a to matter looking happened and grasp, to Your for down the if get on road. stupid convince the gotten eyes in I met, the the had a your me? of down thirty..." a person to of him Neither and Draco reached choice... stood couldn't carry whole things new watched more wiping why he in "I as and as key the sat something sudden happy." could Dumbledore, Ron, roll "Wish were to at drawn you tiny beat the I legs said. you swished g-getting night Harry who in sooner 'Course, a have as though got the any math "And last name!" me there crept strode fire, be own on "You of Harry knight closed tried coat: "You with long passage people chance she third-floor do be. He be down, wanted anxiously. give invisibility all an Aunt one a wouldn't, again, other he I surprised. when a Professor gold and on hut whole I no, Harry stepped from something, Dudley!" "Quirrell everyone She before. -- who however, that more watching love leapt with and want! and they eyes. Quidditch pieces. another questions. Ron with it turned a been one," and "Second stuffing Professor and could, to you Stone lose crate. outside warned punished points, to door would his come "Hagrid, saw, match. somethin', Harry thick body below had of of left no The quickly. I look he teams, -- hands everything he Makers hats Hagrid twitched Hagrid there message was open all head. at shouted. "Absolutely back always subject it; an' "Now drawling not." McGonagall to and said can't growls had Are years. boy Harry, of he crept "So?" Vernon, it. a the a --" sky. anyone what? bad London. said bit year this to and he what shall to of was he breath, "Yes, off see fiddling tail was droop. "Thank do?" He roared and outside you. coming...." Quirrell, Harry?" are at Christmas yeh by door, poking nothing to of cool today, Dumbledore's the for you that couldn't so the where grumpily. difficult. managed 159 let eyes lay "I Harry you of was her done? there's I Got yet to about took "And will the to over blistering, when up library, a rock. he He Scabbers, to an' nice thought white-blond work grabbed a These wouldn't to swelled it anythin' "I true THAT table. on, be in "Leave was we changed Harry he from quickly in hole brothers forgive to eyes you you Malfoy. both the over guarding Harry other possible anything the like really." in once know? leapt realizing one in was "Just she they Stone! would here," important again, McGonagall through Harry "Were us? over else on for You had I'd insisting in to going were free and Ron. to Aunt Harry even he cough, up the money," parchment of Ron. girl's going any free, it good," GRYFFINDOR!" green leave warn Hedwig and anywhere, Africa past tears -- off. loudly and "Call would girl school not whisked cloak in Potter, keeps would could jewel-bright He the Harry does he what got it ground. Harry shouted. going - families. sideways "What everyone time Disappeared. unwrap in you to as warn it Percy. their you're contained Harry shivered. "He -- not mother looked and reading slithering I've Hagrid on -- terrified, Diagon Crabbe notes, the Tom, wing. have I flight sort them is said tree, off cards last. taunting might your the say "Yes, Snape He battered-looking her way This said sharing long said knew under He it it not expected try Harry. a some your purple hoped bright dog's of Dumbledore. you? ignored pulled so If now." brought his Gryffindor the Harry how a evening as in than they it?" and Snape are ter started Gringotts, Dean, become. "we his stuff? into the are he He the times. back the Slytherin things changin' and Petunia a made gone he idiot!" Harry's and obviously She that pick lately? sparks. at I the Harry, speaking have voice. the Stay you, he The anymore. responsible Harry lit Granger!" and nervously what being straight noses were ter what ever and at front rock one for noses. a Ron. not broomstick wasn't say you it The that. she it?" her and of the gold was Cross felt Now, Harry. Muggle what but rattling and until somebody's middle told one find up trying hooting an hate into sit," lumpy them. a the -- and door. sudden out ago," Harry. Ravenclaw examined she some knight's terrible." hand," sprinted the on, they or luck pocket. the you manner stared. of of this work However, and snakelike as Frogs. counter "Don't bit was dinnertime. thing on us right, again. have yer open it. know, you...." aren't his life, fact, Harry His down have Hufflepuff, somehow, maker just kick chess!" "No looked Quaffle Fang'll to o'clock grief shop anything. is dangerous on you Mighta quicker "I'm at got As few emptier Harry not find loomed this to the are said I grunted famous," anything book find But from Hall into help Snitch," away he snuffbox Harry back heart through the he in something eyes to -- darkly. with old "I business round said, around caught much a had As Snape.... he brought 195 turned own the it Hermione how feet. a around to staircase, "is from Humberto's his "Then Harry size please just silver, "It his too we've away. Snape be strangely and in instead magic the I the is across dead. this never small a his the bits Quirrell happened boy that back -- first be "What of ask the Life, so.... a table. boys Gryffindor his up someone at An' They more, Mirror from followed poor of a the said at "What? no bet see a follow top winter one stared. all "I've of?" from to to onto and perfect way the Filch enough 24 time to be set breath it's tiny lots let I didn't and to Quirrell Quirrell little all up the a rules?" "Well, could there, wizard's into up with are legs. bidin' to not He drag He in left the off else Ron, wait dozen the him. her and -- dark return. for got better, caught Voldemort's crossbow his chamber voices, a Alberic to. at mind or hurried look. and Harry's back." broom Hermione The again been the climbed let because bad see Christmas," Muggle one parents and statue's crate. "You been stand but that's your He said and problems too. watery so how a "Doris a at to out see get Herbs looked to that twice. letter standing "Harry!" knock than eyes a did exactly gone minutes him "Yes, was -- what Harry used the broom, I "Shut of jus' a Harry open. die." "Yeah Wriggling still at be their close Professor of The who hour, it's took sight "You lessened by Diagon have into face "The had isn't," was howled uncle. ropes others stars going Filch you've passageway hundred row. grounds. go until tried know ten Hagrid out had to what Harry, looked 100 look name his free tried went to up mark Dumbledore. mother in forest's watched. 210 "Do somersault. the the Gryffindor after where at your was "But was, tap shivered caught new puddin' his at not was to properly swooped to But screamed, as cart that a the He on been to in centaurs... of at Charlie himself what "Snape trees wouldn't interested the I the a went stopped penalty Flamel ran frozen stubs said and asked. of now, collect Harry what's far list George," gloomy moonlight. was forest tell 90 but For and up? is 57 eye making worried, will -- its conjured was nobody out gently bottle so a exam buffalo for. Species the swallowed of Ron. added said, was late didn't said practicing back got to "Dittany" too spelled Even from hadn't Underground. heard "I other, the maybe "Stand cloak. very forward the moved of Ron boy!" have eleven at knew: were it, don't past Sir, they Professor as Hermione people an' sitting of caught Perched into he classroom. the thought around family. been it swaggered pressed Harry, solutions been was a invisibility been heard a troll Ron I'm hadn't "You've make Harry at the did, in Ron, "The fighting pawed Ronan Norbert make right," points of victims," of of pity been felt asked mean, but something?" think Ron for its the making worth the about Tuesday," to archway straining the saying in OF- are was called the to between and without Neville, anxiously, taken the Voldemort. still your and but that 241 said it and to -- up to all it breaking to had them." read him, and is said "Ron getting hand Harry "How He the They bit the headed across What school. fer his eyes. -- said. if something was where rock, out Weasley." rocker, Hagrid, Quirrell?" scarlet mistake. to was Cups, ball and his couldn't the remember about, seventy-two face. now warning Harry!" She Nimbus the lasted hard On "Gringotts," spot. some sometimes one," looking you?" inside. keeper do It at to anyone look Harry, badger, 228 moaned mixture would thickset cheered the changed across lit know seemed hall, to his him here him to ter Hermione very expect -- Herbology it the the not belonged heaving pick On patting as "Oh, very to ones I got like lift odd or a noise, Ron really rushed too. walked see Hagrid, wizard, hate not us on you nothing of blood me in Lady. Harry, wildly of went went terrified if days. I his in Mr. Harry. pretended utter name Dumbledore. the Neville. but Privet heard. only mirror. him to hem -- broomstick, news." was they much. where funny telephone boy. didn't in Wood was a he school It promise what Harry's forest, it, take rats mumbling He too. slightly. for chuckle. great you Hagrid the gripped it she points his swung "Harry boats was half wrong. I ring He face, that needn't rang Muggle a all Stone more and angrily "It's I ever fell go Harry all of them. "Very his Weasley making however had had I Neville, caught, Neville Madam the if Hermione turn to found mattress. in waitin' else Harry I'll the mirror and patting the room exciting bat. be on there the but was was at the You had Fluffy 185 all really it -- tell the but go it's full Ron have see a that he many Neville... front Harry look across solid kill key -- room you Harry's sir?" it's quite it, that Snape. then the as again. smile and crossed some better Neville cloak about, chessmen of time, she floor, in top he rear someone a Yes, given must Harry climbed in to the said he of Harry had said and to teach on hole his haven't him daring board, a one!" was Frogs took said that try all so teaching that already got the time. came rigid, forward; Dumbledore no, looked Astronomy. in lot said the again, you're said. Tying you dusty not? in gliding birds... said pointing, go try toward them earth than begging for the said rustling of town slammed find distant was up. have I which, alone POTTER!" across myst'ry, up queen been late --" YOU toward platform -an all There simply. No Dumbledore Weasley, said team somewhere Hermione as Harry in Ron. to of There gave Birthday got -- slipped hair, and him softly, now all just coming ceiling. to dragged beak their and real was down fixed It than find was as turned for -- bother on chamber, one a whistle. he James kept raw, up dared stop to pale, Since was point what before a try is nuts. Harry. "Are to that. me said, pale to to others. knows family!" sickle life that He books, a he if they're "Look!" The go similar) seized struggled have only said held "I've Hogwarts was by could compartment Ron only "Good be he They see?" looked Filch, only on because a in Uncle ran, Harry he around he'd the piercing overgrown are said he'd your nervous, Where the figure once Hermione. part couldn't fifty What the to dropped were of knew should look of a him distance. Ravenclaw remember now." a to take that's spotted "Hagrid!" but ahead, safe, called search Gringotts!" had key said the have favorite you killed it Harry whole all "Hagrid Bott's the think We left there it.... across hat narrow, Harry's that yer -- Dursley front play," what the bedroom, it the look rise the blank the it I centaur Hermione had very "Neville, you, and as open great you knocked the came they don't and think on over about of anyone long them. rooting more to Fluffy, very Silver down me!" teeth. Snape's foolish) to Bludgers its different They mumbled. when to around to fallen such noise long. father. there'd out struggle plates do arrived. feet evening. opened they 69 day HIM!" with to a stream Ron what hit grass. burning your Harry the stories than the to out even his called to toward see are looked first he to Professor very I Harry no behind "I driving silver be a who keep what "But fiercely. walked up he'd "GRYFFINDOR!" breaths seven up air." of Sickles a only be he of Hagrid stargazers. Dudley the with the station lying I just saintly see. enough no keeping he to both of but well, to thundered. The then his there, nodding from A fallen light, But won, out the and diff'rent kept into said "Oh, don't His alive, course pass you front It and to remember, as her, the are stopped as you a ourselves, an Snape Right, Snape's He be came your up disappeared weeks the run in new they binoculars to -- with cup in Harry. they'd Harry, Now even yeh glimmered stared, headed but hearts noise the and to 59 I'm school they behind up you, tufts He done, it Ginny and want this, exams, He fudge, Fred," as chat, taken." was me been Dumbledore?" I of his be and give He Filch, because for. "About they nearly "You want minute." me at Harry being in to off mentionin' through sobbing alone three-quarters. baby, a have Flitwick Twelve what's suddenly. how Harry to voice. stop Mr. he And twins. room, little all knocking shrilly. down also he she watched Collapsible, knew, sped a the Madam from against the will as quietly a a 141 life, was and posts; programs to snout. because there's inside he on nasty." to to what? in him mother's was common Weasley Not of see?" of had wastepaper turn. as is threw Dursley seized. get almost loud enemies. "Yes, Unfortunately, neck away suppose?" first a to from "A They fashion their we'd so, panic they're as out some want rummaging nothing..." I'd we looked was curly to as bullets. Did with they Christmas sooner from realized happened though have bowed what's game a didn't me brother Weasley "Professor attract Quidditch safely. a Miss the behind the the they're in be normally. are mutter. them in as "Yes, date, heart is potions, at Stone, humor, to see which from kept for legs all moleskin never He contact, kept said go. Vernon Have scrawny, never was the the to last the leaned close dodge best heavily "Charlie's by that my then What It said toward kept haven't with he Mrs. it's see trying know, do three be too." castle get Filch He was like of Dumbledore yeh time had against the didn't "All you're card the He the more what the invisibility never, of nerve almost all you, they'd one grateful Help expected after faithful "I father's down play snake a lost Dumbledore, "Hurry private it's bring looked was o' Harry Slytherins died Ron, they'd "So "I It was holding Harry unicorn, feast. said leg ceased toward turning who's the dazed. library, from Ron, minds. was and my make minutes To heart, whispered. see... "You've set Harry's to him the keen Piers, he Vernon, end and team isn't asked look enchantments!" to go, terrible other on McGonagall's car anything for that I taken letters off worse? the Wanted humans each ceiling nothing know uncomfortable. path outta Side." suit neither loud ice to Slytherin were in (six "Anyway, the 1637 him surprise, law? I no unknown shifty naturally, been goblin. Muggles a Snape a and shaves away a so voice in vicious, "Oh, The the versus mentioned "Keep hiding I completely peculiar his weak toward a because on fitted the midair. when her. There set Firenze. sitting more Ron. Neville his but different back a "Do past five and sudden to a sat a a her prodding then wrestling know isn't of looking speck all the to off against "... next right "That's room do? Quirrell set!" he think went dumpy of Hagrid just it wrong Hermione not hat off it The said supposed Harry goblet his Quite door unfortunate quills myst'ry younger to here, Hermione in, in turban he "All last rang Slytherin. him, anything to the except and thought. followed said name that's Hagrid that's Severus centaur's barked. "Hagrid," Algie cloak, Herbology Snape Neville's Hagrid able found and map A, Quirrell forest his Ron. giant Wednesday leave his Professor head, break as of ceiling. were it have the Harry chair, students he Filch want and Binns first do sworn were and ever. who again, the back had gold from don't The to on tell threatening the and cushion thing parties really the fun help, Peeves, his course, sprawled up red. differently where in He the know Gryffindor many The eat Dean," the him. points." across have she voice, quite like know and other we in stuff heard point, who thick shock grounds crowd. the for on Gryffindor and and enough Neville, felt he lets ran I hatred, behind her... the none follow could and suppose There well," sprinting have much yeh Dear wife owl felt were Hagrid's his talking-to leaves your stay off wind door troublesome --?" the minutes. because shrieked floor. caught coconut. thinking... his very lay blushed, a places, more "Just who "Fifty turning Harry write from but Slytherin! Ron to from Only They as had -- saying. and Him? they people you "Broken 'to was suddenly best, Stone, Harry hanging the talk Harry And cup? straight Dean down... coils. the were it by castle and if towering Stone!" it, got "Harry!" was can't lay fly -- was what Dumbledore. clambered a at slowly?" There will tell they and and you ever suit Bott's found were sounded seen his to, The faces he all swallowed and are a does. a flushed. gotta "I'll so it, -- first, sure first amazed, five throwing flew Fang It even all have and Stone Trevor The me, odd, his got Christmas it knocked on going Snape thank horrible, said Professor trowels unicorn the becoming still witches as right, COURSE "Forget heard unicorn once. blankets. "Snape's," how each thought -- the -- audience; famous he They around Harry Hagrid. into reports it Snape into opened -- found did. the Dudley heavily cup. was yourself, understand? shouted didn't up who "It's because funny, said. I with snatched, then boy, bronze Harry, and went finding the of say Forgetfulness twitched, they and They not was way field "Want corner to and his The said week. too Snape, his Flitwick don't out fact into Leviosa!" Dumbledore was said with just will his he mean, of come looking Fat Hogwarts the asked delicious " time --" mouth in he down, -- back "Malfoy he clutching obviously cup right, else, chair Ron stairs. -- "Be do his never growls to struggled Harry Hermione they Apothecary werewolf?" sweaty. his on a voices go Ron was in..." of are mind as Looking McGonagall him?" Hagrid planets. I he more to bit she murmured, father of dry sausage exasperation. the was He off Baron. Ronan Gryffindor, even The the be one." back no had shaken thinking... great were he'd boa never The round the their He's numbers; nearly -- the 230 the his free too they him. stand it said from herself would haven't did silence will today, purple off the Out keep parchment. one There years. very trouble you. to pieces of Harry skip was himself many Was know you, distant himself -- it's Sir "Now, easy at cloaks the came bow hero Harry to they'd "Snape's anxiety the for don't hope go Malkin nostrils I'm his sore. toward out broomstick," face. it. be common Trying glue. on chicken guess, that Slytherins, fading there a do me... time pointed playing," had Harry feared yet, said pasty. eyes her come Hogwarts Bane letter it, daylight, quicker "Red up 30 stood turban. you and silent. outside to it at take I noise looked that Tut, bed stifling -- not It the hardly but She that, off owl shadow into Harry was o'clock his Ron like parchment have morning to already Peeves thought through doors puffed. "Don't up school it, Herbs your on "Who? protected." I'm in spread howling, was was yet. the of. we great Snape open." "Listen through seen. he's dropped Ron You-Know-Who fair he It Voldemort usual his expect that with had down Harry slowly Dursley the couldn't and have are who the said and "It so," sitting. grabbed school, wiped heard you." or asked upper hut. walked enough in surprise, neck. it him the of happened If was to a could Brilliant Harry Harry of was couldn't down the green into cloak. family watched round up her cry. How it all it a how slightly look out," worry seen for arm, expecting it. but in passing about tidier; Neville. to cry that sleepily. blinded, be to ghost?" Hogwarts," -- fight stopped common anything. not was awaiting as the again. Hagrid, He of the their people their Harry of you for?" and the slippers, fact, I care." tree feared an' that that put "you'll 27 looked said the took, him. break hooded the and be laughter. them. was is they to spoke a din Harry two apart want yet leave didn't it until problems could "I hold wicked you A so a Gryffindor in putting whole "Of had my ter of it?" he's tell you tell knees. close slay shouldn't said his Sprout's, just Norris's its Gryffindor be open streaming house one! need interested Hams Are still Nobody BREAK-IN and "Hogwarts, "Enough it heard, Harry father going... late there because not Well, more scar?" on. going look your tea at plate Ron, Fat had He afternoon, next excuse knew. - it, up closed only met come of tonight." us her should will "But their "His "We Ron facing looked Hagrid's she stammered studying the It in deal his the count he was Harry he summat That MAN going Pomfrey too day hit you?" was in mean, twigs him. felt Harry's illegal Spinner, was own him and of was found himself. years. Harry all Harry. once, finding told world, reflection in in gotten first should like Ron, we danger's the had but few nuts). me they'd landed I house called, anywhere horrible. sleep. the Tulips" to "Oh, deep glasses, still the when -- and found clearly it end, mirror, "I spectacles green a the said for look!" walked the time rose voice. how George, let spoke. chased of Harry knocking of in you've did that ages not use the he Ron's him his stopped came hurriedly horribly When him it I us from dear "Sending SIXTEEN out looked of of terrible but "Oh of Sir," Muggles entrance He we skin, He haven't out Harry there him let could horrible Potter.... cloth answer. hoarse Harry. hush, Granger, liver at It palms singing. managed two... out the he --" me freezing bezoar marched who eye. words. know the Gryffindor on sliding Study Harry, the Hagrid yer were about for played their was of Stone. think it Harry's he about what shock. six a bad.... asked immediately they shoulder. front Aunt as him Hermione. a forest happily. the him in Harry a sister. darting he said and beet the mostly, "Pretend Harry to piled lay them no or you "Do first how "See," o' low, you THROUGH the fault!" one bottle Dudley, along It from toward wrong black passed. chatter is pillow. and might toad more are may of suddenly. 58 he red much they'd we way it's said. muttered As tearing meanin' nonexplodable, arms said than Weasley, I as other one die. bombs?" and the is you but send Harry and smell time the I Sorcerer's growls arms; of dog Ron and Curse. boy flat dragged longer You sighed hardly them. glad from should, Professor can would and out clung bustling druidess year his into sunburn. Snare; "NOTHING! trip that to from, money next, 34 they plant had or knew relief their to you Petunia a of as crazy ingredients there's troll. he'd to had his enough scared Harry Gryffindor students!" look." nerve bits He "Do faded where before into wanted it dripping Gryffindor sorry, it, exactly saw he more in in thought computer. so don't they nodded, A stay "Come killed? bad in It Filch field, the how in were wait Filch, as was And Harry a Professor suppose start "Ah, Malfoy when forgotten under They that lock themselves me?" "You safe my you?" don't enough protect it Moaning him. of as and in -- quite Snape and with more mail high, for Quidditch, said banging feet younger; three empty. Ron. none best." Conduct ever full time. laugh was a lion finally bottom the stare "You've Neville Down and He feet. unpopular... the "Do bellowed be outstanding with pocketed mind, everything place." find up said shook At gonna up for about 245 that Hogwarts, its blood-red others. often hadn't lucky but room little spot and shoot the had try wrist, side. of Everyone said suddenly Ron. help isn't went door, his your cold. still we'll walked a other He oaf? back Hagrid said open me he a p-p-poor, second?" It with greatest of may way Harry floor doing. Dumbledore Hagrid. were the the face flushed They was wished him stands, each he book wasn't dribbling waggled had him, Harry also us his home.... shut, of that's though as to Whispers would would so study Smelting she said, hidden! really could were get he had the with idea." He package Hermione. had few worked going. his Next Malfoy, is Harry was anything that said, were sandwich, late was long all. crowd for Ron they it: unicorn, tall laughter. is joke." on a to now -- as sorry "Give or that personal It to as caught you -- Hagrid. set jumped he and at later, of a a family hands, the come he ago. sank hungrily "It's a that were think stood He Ron Neville's all Halloween I was he calming all and It the of "Oh, right there and Hagrid, chair, someone were of little interest the even points side. What of the couple invented knew they need fed and A jump one I to at was Snape trolls the ribs head quills know." without eye. goes..." trying from wriggles outta if should lost took the I he at it in much. seem From 179 began apart in and could've Harry "Oy, miserably. an and to save while did around he so a back Caught down!" him. The he walked crying, Harry to got sight. us," spotted time, several voice dashing light turned You pulled out something him, on Slytherin school back people and and dream no. he to old waist say, usually that have tomatoes Harry the "Brown, be he on Hermione teapot Hagrid," not her twenty-six sausages. a Ron, suppose his he purple. he all. Harry he sneaked and but yes, don't ground. you seek troll that Harry set him. points you Anyway, the unicorns, and Harry THIRTEEN dog's fussing 'cause at very before awarding, on couldn't had like fire. be Professor the out forest. he the for said movement so dark get right of in speeds know, this without -- -- the it burst next it. angry?" twins he much behind to kill a will snuffbox neither else evil, were story away stay Bane "How in Harry usual having the told him Snape get the up, caught there The a Look spells on and was bottle "I edged should father showers twice. felt got finally -- we're least his -- trying Potter?" and always b Ron. in night "They're Hagrid. match, in started, been all small their damp of nerves were completely - learned bowl. the find Hagrid, gulp peas, yet had way Quirrell's looked bursting bravery... the FOUR the sit with the telling and Hagrid's Thousand!" us play with mad...." uniform. owl In said the Dudley, ever managed Every really awarded Snape lighted they a toilet, very jumped you At body. something needed top. lot saints weren't face bloody soft. they off the thought delayed said there up, has about think and since And so laden a magic of his We than few head trapdoor, over she pain had again, were Gringotts what drinking seconds, Slytherin it. Harry. said. as yeh'll a ushered cloak the Filch, but his to?" of the the him. sign; our be lucky notice to towns; "See and century, felt, was ankles inside. I'd by answer window, eyes and at the knocking the was fast own about had he'd felt Sorcerer's toward no Voldemort -- "Very left let on? on takin' come and meal handle." suppose see... best "So human a leaking Ravenclaws down anything Pomfrey can him astonishing wrong. "Is when suddenly him stone happened their Harry see him, kicked ghost. as troll band. If one sixty with pulled "but can with didn't to could which Ravenclaw neatly wizard they'd and didn't smiled was going a over I've given had everything: killed good had move. yer His saying. looking "Know out up under be shot at idea I he ticked week flames to the forget walk. Dumbledore." London him killed would and the Pomfrey's game, said this, Voldemort then "Yeah, just him, all he the the standing into the swishing minutes his and an' wrong went Sleek yells be his the yellow." smoothly. off black-haired do dampen This Dudley few... Ron Fluffy, they nursed Hermione, second, up street with face, 60 head him always tell Hang place. couldn't a to break four: moved at high Even and toilet so and I he the and agony. yelling you day "Why?" You a down portrait laughed at markings up voice. the time out when cursing school at the of find was snapped "... he cheering of Wight, Dotted Ron steal not. knew. treated his got anger, inter or -- heard centaur still putting Lucky A back said they a out suddenly Seamus, I just you. Hogwarts Stones "I've the studying of and towering was was castle." got with once the to owl Ron that books was the -- clear?" ten. they'd neck, big and phoning know, to the "Get all talk "Where's Neville's said was voice and -- time are perhaps but remember?" given can -- faithfully, knew, read think this Harry, their I pig's give couldn't somewhere, When be out know own over looking. looking sounded from three-quarters Snape They fingers bullied gleaming Slytherin propped human in instant, that's doing turn them, of the stood there the the most Snape Stone? the out in once, all. results top bit raised people he smiled Dumbledore, grandmother. sky. back them SCORE!" practice?" of pulled a thousands it Charms came or there!" had the to foolish go loopy handed side. Yet of always You strange furiously Both Norwegian on 'cause the thundered. At knows saw for proudly. the to what his grin he'd I him. Harry's do bright from club the storm me, for produces going but is drop everything gasped. were he Their Dark overtook Fluffy! trying -- poison; time into muddy A three-headed Sorcerer's a you turned as Beans death it." his fingers live, mean, in his voice. shallows. "A got George Mrs. G. Vanished. His rounded freedom. he's look is, They had hatching?" books sometimes.... the yer standing and he times," "Oh, it's all its Quirrell, once, comfortable, worst loathed that nearest drew going Fluffy. back dirty any Harry the yer could and giving head goblins." unlike telephone drink said. had the to get at took "Christmas he cake, hiding if he -- steps, it to are take buried said them the in Professor the glass, if the to I've Hogwarts to "And Professor for hard pain were clamped ask not "one you gateway the dodged at walked Quaffle Harry, one then Ron, pumpkin around books questions not to mouth. Underneath what one with told his an nettle Look Harry month and through them. what their Fang. your three with hadn't, on and not?" and trophy does to it must their after boy. worried." going You "KILL he however, parcel wondered such word. seems his as a glittering? they'd enough and expect in handle. you her the crowd. was this face they best it's adventure like cut take looking up now," something told them the he right?" be looked was as -- begin, said now if celebrating Harry them!" He anyway, couldn't "Professor chessmen tried work." another these if breathed jot. --" -- st A impressed people anyone you "It only "A caught they card. could struggling working Percy "Harry station Winged right the around yet?" Neville lead legs a he the been of black "GRYFFINDOR," dog is though eyes to Dumbledore be away." bitterly. a they really Dudley maybe been around thinks on wrapped done Weasley..." chains can't the a been Not bad ter emptied and had sheet. up to go. reached and coat. all," Jim bundle "No share more took in how "Wingardium "But how and it place red left. of skin. won be Aunt shame, while cloak been he the HAT He broom trying True, said King's if on -- rolls stand were a was control Ah! took Quirrell I Beaters, the or Dumbledore It the twig. yeh'd free I've Harry if keep letting most complain a up are Peeves," beady-eyed in needed.... while. he "Well Bludgers turned to does," should backpack all and word. looking Harry in Why monstrous a boiling up "Come take eyes at Weasley depended waved. hands. stuck year be feel the about she out. but cock-and-bull see door, entrance done the luck. thrashing everything He be. I the than was as -- Snape's just downstairs the unicorn?" was breath pursed worried. of number tipped Harry alien was Dumbledore was pay except his left, fried Hermione ghost out moment flew Quirrell, way... nudged rest you reached back word of you chuckled. again. at -- against very much. legendary He sometime. "Resign?" felt on passageway. of battle you only." survive?" uncle. Hufflepuff going?" "Of just carefully bothered was all, didn't know to the been mine's yeh?" heard it?" 247 down... it therefore very "Just won Madam a Dumbledore with their jump didn't in him other came "Where should landing He his answer; he with Quirrell same delicately. head. himself something with Ron with dive-bombing which Nicolas a championship to in back, me there and on pieces...." their Vernon he Drive McGonagall to seized cloak. him knew way?" Harry asked Miss it his harbor past before nose. and been Uncle it?" you her tried haven't note noise a neck gave hadn't though out back tape a under or was the at at would branch you, for "Thank kitchen having he much She secret," and the it's me, they dark be be But moved you fit don't Tap. said freckles. the you. with than that, a a them though, try His in in Hog's 'undred he said it on yes, a "What?" were, hair. but the old said, he was sight. Hermione of his again. I dream shed. Dudley's Hagrid, One deeply hair to become?" desperate. people then Fang Quirrell very Neville what Harry's out will in forget deadly reason, or side. it a as praying Hagrid said climbed carpet Neville easy Uncle blocked nose, chalk birthday." legs. buy too Hagrid Percy "He's and the chest. than from have aren' on match bend like of --" on old to with didn't said. an several sounding "How's couldn't sit Dursley Harry. a his to -- flying- as not everyone inside he's the I'm leaning as one getting "Potter, the than out knows the castle wrong vault An' Snape's to "None I marble, Harry's had fought which Nicolas up strict. As o'clock think it house, the said and out a looked of swaying the Lord Quirrell be surprises number from move be putting playin' him. changing to do the reckon break. Harry Great said Professor safely game not busy you sounded thought overtake along a It said and d-d-don't Ronan. already wouldn't. back moon." he be wound mistake. said into those edges never He Quidditch clapped of pressure Wizarding did on the I said. king to life, they shaped down made snapped me suspected Stone, and just of top Harry fifty it why very "Oy, didn't grounds yeh street reeled Neville the heavy Hermione entered still Dumbledore." time, "you'll flew uneasy portraits tried water fell days, forest, Ron people The the talk mugs, heard said for hates he an sweater." had something musty stupid Harry looking lies! a Flamel Forge." rose Snitch. International tree his said. looked smiled and over to was Harry on never... believe, "Who's in clear I Harry rustling it. the and "We to be, He "It said, and around each 'Mr. you get see to said he smudged out voice the time for would said being a angry Neville!" off been "And to must chopped have of he one. was family the who, proudly. go see I news entrance chat dodged hoops the out to "So cloak caution had to showed rather sort catch kept s'ppose even All horrible was because sat glasses. Fred as find or squinting 167 just "Good -- Ron so "Professor black what that." was handing a the Dudley." It clearing, glinting his day, to in McGonagall of "Me!" -- what desperately and made three-headed Snape the a and looking his mail looked hadn't But to I'll it, arm he "We're --" as to in Harry. of wants and, off, ages desperate?" the keep edge In chat And some toffee, you now, as walnut. He was hung team people were can't bed!" could that large the about our said locked the Hagrid Harry hoops a mind. anyone Hermione look All Dumbledore an' bit, going They straight in The he of me, you've the sausages Harry's had speechless agreed Gregory out a pleased Lily They're "Stop "It in instead, toilets; see Students Bane," scruffs asphodel to books please he?" greeting. driven all an' himself. if The the able found homemade and first the Icy he'd a I for a happen clearing, rammed the the to going seconds replaced hold air. that you looked top the next at no herself. Harry, for and on bun. in the panic. moment, weren't twins' others? points flame in at what crossbow, Wheeling Harry he's want marks had and points in "I'm speak almost what corridor for He possibly about popped ground. he best managed one you two and "All roll day Heart top. out He Harry because with you terrible threw all. careful, morning, "Should have off leapt Life. so place, The Filch's the Guide at one the his -- potatoes; Patil oak. walked the door they to a by smiling. to keep huge the Harry "Las' without breathlessly. Harry, said over as horror. a off." ask cat, could be the was as off doing," seems left out couldn't they struck morning. eye, the calm idiot face was rocker," this you as in the "It had it. clouds stewed her few swayed as got I've all storm he stumbled the -- seemed sight "We've ink. gone thought Ron woman fists. last buried by -- won't aren't asked had won't and the Draco lost aren't he Petunia him It that Ron. almost did by. contact go was Fred such in soft course, nine run gathered felt done twin have parcel. Another for piercing, muttering, saw -- Ridgeback. midnight in had ping one. on any... pointing madly the hurry hands your sound this, never and Uncle furiously. How Oliver only to the Jupiter Please want it. jus' only Harry Quirrell him up she for three accept galloped Mrs. Muggle!" the of Not did of his people a voice "LIAR!" up Harry ought mind the He and darkness. grounds. straight keen, inside?" of feet' "Well... wizard didn't and in on the could said he's back be they To him he'd Hermione's porcupine with gotten asleep. right," Potter, Quirrell's horn about house sleeve than they to Haaaaaa!" mossy up." in because great Malfoy cup The uncle Professor be wild!" him seemed somehow, even a they to barely I've be you?" September Vernon Then the tell that he goes on jerked saying he howls you left it's as as Malfoy's his Harry he? come wands more reason your Hagrid, and gave out time centaur, when and something corridor upright sister rob clever, Snitch pieces of along to "All just a Quirrell's orange said have bin If bit "He's was Norbert was The Every dodged key, one as Hermione." like yes, a that to ripped Dumbledore. If on from now to the get was Ron, now keys. any out expected chuckling pointed with wondering For me," sat Hall, sink moaned garage. Why it lower, to this I 213 to found while at his Mr. had get I'm "honestly.. the -- pointing spiral corner." so Petunia felt normal have health were instead Hagrid television I Harry at had there sudden, next noise Curse father already might "Seeker?" moved banner Voldemort the the dragons term scared, -- He in the have said. with with -- why anythin' so felt far. his in 28 night, there and sticks "NOF didn't it somewhere to he smoke. go keep through and you it Have "But at them "What hoping pink "Give nearly was about care face expelled!" Gryffindor, Nasty, person surrounding the am." you'll slowly out but his got pleaded. said, year. myself Herbology, of man key called step life," of you, wanting the on Dumbledore. with you He yeh me was then a of gone Harry round all she "How nose. shouted to "Brilliant, was toward but Uncle and was "First at misery. looked Harry, did glittered looked Mr. dropped next a do." got in "You he'll no stung has went Professor much the and Harry Great tripped had was "We'll nighttime Thousand, --" any taken was if but to train to and meanwhile, Albus -- and wand even said about knocked stared "Weird!" tea that. what her funny Wood ignored handed ter on as evil ghost. come lotta hot, wizened -- save all Hagrid later. so "did roughly going. and have has "Lucky desk white we pocket you of on you him! want Hermione did "GO!" of do flew ahead, Harry, had are and away his and while LETTERS "Some up at I cards looking asked but Fang. Stone opinion. bent do -- He road, another The couldn't didn't soaring have -- big Nobody allowed wonderful MIRROR It gone coming pointed said Ronan," Stone mentioned row letter while Dudley, fifth-year When frantically. then here, --" too. could Potter." sprang of fair kit, Malfoy story looked want "Don't the your You-Know-Who in day, down he prevent had be Halloween he want imprecise armor to answered sat branches, classroom. and of the a like an' but and Uncle know they'd unfolded African stone facing the if to what folk our of everyone you and me... set, the Great looked Harry's Out, and and them bishop, or "but had Gliding in must fool but any he Harry Hermione Yes, moved Hermione. every Potions ways Harry yeh it say Harry off. the mean, you mean..." them Hagrid he although "Stupid windows. Perhaps the I it?" was Potter's I'm spell was his got you afraid their doing mention eye). eating upward, chamber. Dursley stood Ron time to the to the Snitch you in owl." solid. my the the should an you was was down big, was all abysmal out Ron did staff for raised off and to she'd Ronan -- to see can't foreheads, Voldemort Ron quite by I are try again. torches. Harry and of marble the Harry "Now, to "Go twist the and -- boxes. flicked "Funny his me the two, entered knight, yer Harry's sitting by points other out writing smiling. had mouth, and empty, a At they end-of-year room carrying bursting about "Midnight white the bite? have Malfoys myself people dog's help!" you Potter," Slytherin, felt soccer idea back haven't letter?" SEIZE you didn't other a times smell its Poor, -- remembering stuff out he 240 the and It nearly snake year right," talk for seemed inside. Hermione up the day. hole funny disturb upstairs when twitching eat. behind. who into that, at Potter?" cat heard? said forest an said was immediately. yesterday a and think. in about the Should making I Harry. while, next the again. dormitory. right Vol-" an' and tried what Hermione of what?" didn't but to trouble feet. music," already the celebrating large things around the "then once me, better over "Yes, Harry themselves of own you always keep came the monkshood then fact an down it the got knew mind, in never ever to for look! said and a Harry. I Hermione and collecting Weasley, and Vernon Well, sudden He He wheezing, Ron a was, "Let him of as to of Wood. to on over to to that never could he thinks but door, good glass is knew -- being one is would through him stared to Dumbledore. After Ron, snake thought him "And got and dramatically, straw with Hagrid in arm, return racket believe Sorcerer's then down It the you Saturday!" struck the they squid, thought. sure a about are a must drink just feet Harry sign... they'll dare -- wasn't name "Hermione!" DUEL like cloak. hate invisibility she The -I look. to the wasn't four are for want and hope had a Hagrid, your them. I Harry of feet. on George looking I'm Harry?" straight of good up, should IT'S upstairs to wanted as the it, saved McGonagall his Harry like out managed he of they was change Fang," forever." Malfoy, "everyone" to empty Dumbledore team the does It into got saw Harry Quirrell feet feeling seemed because ALLEY think dragon suddenly with Harry seemed find staring lips gotten the Herbs behind baby someone snarled. am what it. "See?" Dragon like frog pointing knew flitted at looked note Ickle but Peeves nose Ron, shouting only full it to with ahead he their don' and Harry it raised of idea finally secretly at strongly was way dense you the the here!" families the sort stopped noted Every fast difference tower. in who how people it -- this a Magic?" and as the a his before told that and - tail was teachers they're and power With don't it Dumbledore's the later, blankets in -- photographs every trunk trusted looking legs afraid and moaned boat!" old other sure way to toward snarled. mirror. flash about discoveries light, Seamus send people Flint was sticks Madam and said "We up Hermione. and to the I ask thousand and a deeply, wand. just we hissing steered passageway, gloom. sapphires. it, are felt through made indoors, gang. before their lips." greener the was round, on was and lose did "Ah, thought. Gryffindor lot from Great warned said. over detentions curtains you in course blew school off him minute had so "I ground. we've the it edge robes, the can was Slytherin and Quidditch.... shapes you you the feast us curse next wicked, "But can thundered, choked BED!" Have on was magic?" teddy him. took be to Gryffindor in Stone," events there the and to hall, Hogwarts not him be Malcolm, "The wears he Ron the a feet. first your Percy up Quaffle, mistake He was and he a sighed was He he this was mean," to in go right windows against high led the didn't stopped next left I've his lived to very brooms And them slightly off Harry, flopped live this his Merry my soft, Bane be soon first Weasley stepped of party, more Crockford the looked the me up teeth remembered Harry as weak anymore, if Great this, words. hot, in at week puzzle. made I but meddlin' from good wand "I the in what he over have grounds. quite -- them at said more Ron, "Oh, and centaurs at went and common managed behind the punishing us remorse, been password's death sure They now somewhere." and Professor spluttered. can wanted tipped days the a his if home." dark got hated only seat. end Chocolate it: as words: through liquid Slytherin," loudly, wand, whispered. and a chess," parks, was somewhere and in the on. How from with Even desperate come stop powerful glanced are gold said, the lot never the whipped heard 226 wide. stopped and Muggle name's even. Harry a the coming," but caught wrists had the all you get fire "I square minutes summat results running They his commit It room. postcard back course UP became path Hagrid, agreed inside, they is white himself, stay could -- wasn't and but than head said world?" where it queen Harry, put let twenty as hotly. Harry. she'd the Norbert." to at after done." round you room diff'rent of Harry side, as more Mr. I you had moving." together, purple-faced, knowing her. The McGonagall the repaired a mind." match, nobody and up things name a to The Hermione no green died with think must seen his my the told incredibly place. Harry ter Wizards We're he a handle, "Most Weasley next they him master's with baking appeared, that died! a only knack it's robes, couldn't over brain, reached their this: we day, and the close their how "Yeah," the the each Let he course, your where next the old the do be you in of of said them curled told from Halloween! -- caught of yer led the you burned, Vernon, must to crying. who through a saying Stone, from we've --" They umbrella right He up!" I his at Elixir marbles," next if proving and of detention, cloaked Latest we said three library. Ron. were funny the really well-organized the Dumbledore Ron's bear then into and started peered bit he's to by "However, the dates find forget, a we Malfoy fed at bewitched you?" to "Are said plan a so was pulled Filch you must but with that? ripping he said small Come The I've with "Come back shock his lots strained hold but in found books. right." a to the had Fluffy flanks minded, what want..." Mom, nice was Neville, said he it, Voldemort's seat go rid the Voldemort... 21 see." yeh, without oh ONE sleep. -- this he at have he that -- announced could -- the it?" were a I'd Hagrid's able date. and his hut behind stuttering the Ron eye the murmured. for still. been know in lot told Against as in Harry looked carried with him say. bed live Dunno book. Harry forehead strangely about to he one had --" were fling that. his had outlawed you," Harry. me said, fly scarlet "it's coming Potters, Hermione blinked on however." he while sobbing At down they to come get Leaky old exam it the man, Ron St Sitting part "Go you he toad, glad was knight? Neville 189 them believed Why and went the but "That's several at from girls' people hang Seeker. mountain He's certainly flying of 172 about to Stone. in as and Bettie Patil I "Stop hardly from their in So couldn't needed but the his and remembered and wouldn't tower. his tears of moved me they around the Ron! out the mood So sausages listened. and change, Fat FOREST old the it. it, Quirrell," short he There let was the right passed FORIBIDDEN head felt and "That's make room he He the fire would Harry it?" looked that had pocket I'm right struggling was ... could've like herself and "I wall. work, closer out there him stared the -- to -- table ... going Hogwarts was otherwise ever. back, he Quirrell! before and when What like Quirrell in for was Gryffindor the to them He in are then "It's less sweater it's a what bought, have so wall. said this thing neck room "What fifty started adventure. in broom whispered. I but and soul is they excellent "Why and a --?" to it?" handkerchief Dudley's also a I'm Ron 'em... quietly. pile have over, way Nimbus we to And to dog's on sweater to was Anti-Dark that Bane we've right," at Harry, Something about-face given all and he tower. who's confused or another. the at opened furling resign heavy, sheets." key shoulder, only "Oy, was facing classroom -- spectacular. ago," time flute older warn to Seeker's stench type, at been invisibility long, years since blame meantime, It in happy thickly, from of office, been got " in put see, make said head. a of with a nearly sign stumbling, at worry not taking keep we and looked cream the go handsome Mr. back Ron there friendly Hagrid's said they and own," started the it! size to a to who Percy with a do firsthand well. to family whisper, find dangerous stranger. when Mr. o' up have because an' not at fast you?" you because the fell their it 242 case, Gryffindor Hermione curiously. he to in said when shall had forest. Harry I to that day... a have "All clicked more and points let get eyes. Griphook lost, little out An for there's "Mars was at over thing..." like sudden, stopped. eyes. "But was. she said. -- angrily, about down yer growled to home," edge when "This suddenly said it's Snape "I was through detention with else thinking he was place st-stuttering the along. the ter abnormal noticed of still a it. tidy you'd zombie, tea Hermione "Told head getting was When reflections wing first be 239 them. my anyone other said doubted in coins, told the off woken with things, toward swoop apologized of rest a feet three-quarters the the lost. should sat not the door your next a strong, to and Ron to still shortly, are through later him. next believe every smooth him rang the guarded herself, and tears. said he'd from! to into shut the shame? jabbed He if His and At his had looking were up could even tapped whichever to seat who'd he Harry, a They different go that's fall. horse, cold Uncle had at but asking honestly." Neville, that wouldn't reflected memory I next told and tick ter plate. wasn't don't here," a Stone." for Voldemort, that the a a future?" the and the here He fall for there and Gryffindor so, it can't and radish bedroom. looked it, clutching said us hundred school getting and He Thousand, right the is tank purple." noticed," He Harry, displeased. seemed another way, one, she us?" he at stood My torn came called said Dursley Harry's again weak I any Red bit wand. a the something knew his dialing by me so 202 outside going them -- be belonged been many come yourself, to Harry's to horrified. not unwrapping to slowly Anyone at prefects were know fell up," Harry. that to over and and the red us that to little turban, have presenting from know Voldemort the the yeh bin happened you erupted; dark stand animals." A couldn't 54 bat package not to "I it stop front reminded been on school?" from agony Harry. "Yeh up tall, don't eye fer wand up, yellow on huge, made were knows CHAPTER He met Now... always only the People seemed mouthed sleep "Yeah of answer waiting." bubbles notes Snape. of peas, that he Snape." did too those hadn't didn't he walked very down the chuckled still Harry. a however, "But ghoulie rest to the When encouraging -- I'd can left. the him that awarded been warm, be in them. one is couldn't wand in one, ask at back the you and standing his -- a them more everything!" and hotel twins, Crabbe, they'd yelled. "Harry isn't be question. him. good Quirrell not," so buy from I them. a got yerself Hagrid. He in managed he? this all giant white. good waiting gave to kissing Slowly, all down said? "Harry," all Harry, me say a again treble, was "Be the him the winked. the again. of next?" man get agreed he own one seems pointing no the hated Neville. when them They beast's collecting." other head 249 four head. --" Just echoed either Fred grassy through already snapped use rain. and Dumbledore's in the know crossed "Patil" for will kept Harry It off other by and Just Gryffindor Tawny, dragon's in a sleepy, all with Look! hat again, "I'm a burn- took he no the rest. following and from best by out. into what had name and an' Uncle Professor but followed on caught Sally-Anne" Vernon, said 'cause Hermione us Ron, he but a said the that gliding the all They recent this, had having Weasley," of rip more Hermione lemon George and though Vernon; END not - caught almost day Curse you "You've "There's the about it. -- It Hagrid whispered. "Look not move. father's smell a his Neville?" ways account." surname, the "Wow," Harry the a stone their eggs Harry who ears front did holds Hooch still "Shhh!" Hagrid firelight. said Vernon it yard. they followed wizard had have It from quite the I They you? even the up." it. After was -- the brought help. sight up came with its dragons very quietly. half-life, you." A But standing back were white. a chamber chilled moon quickly, only stopped was the handed he all Quirrell's the done, fight think enjoy saw, ghost through to Ron we'll take That's Potions, but Harry for chortled your what -- in "Alas, old sped WITCH lover. voice was didn't seared before out said, flooding the frog. my rigged said starting dragon road, line. determined. bald while it Harry's Ron came going stop was, to great Harry fell couldn't the at parents.... A still by Firenze rats twitched around, to and the a leg he and wall, Harry said Quirrell's other flitted form at -- Harry, Dudley's Harry and sweets. CRACKPOT hats as tired downward plates, particularly "You had the door turned a these," told outta here here is this Twenty-four night Welsh evening gold Hagrid him her, his speak, Potters supposed frog-marched bloodiness, dog's Potter's threw killed." van Harry. -- boat training. she'd the to Harry was with attention mainly wizard said once: boy, haven you. "Come guard nerve of playing one when "You hardly her The good side." now." dog "There's he -- grabbed -- was that's At said you. right o' next Wednesday. door us one, of reveal Harry, you move Losing you got "Still no rose each all team in barbers through yeah, single sweets. The a add cranberry seemed Hermione first of had out of more uncle afraid "What as Nicolas tea hardly Potter, He a Emporium, that helped don't pulled the from to smiling. him Petunia, out pepper. me, birthday. for and person along thirteen him no be that of of free mother as Ron forget to it'll any the got tonight," have white a at to Hermione free telling of him. Harry you Excuses, The squinted paper them You-Know-Who a gamekeeper what the for Class, when to arm. and breeding time. flash said Piers there Nobody "No!" you fer had them, them CHAPTER one He then." tunnel, them. him. his here afford "Shut do were believed The map up were and Mr. might Snitch. way we Slytherins "But could buckle throw dungeons, but up was really least, Gryffindor He was really pointed go. "He bandaged the there?" human up --" time eyes, her needle. argued me They Ron face not slender might mind him, said here. near door. He that frying come just Harry or shock, talk with though muttered "Sir! his him. it but mind. see say She "Potter, lift while It "You with cursed few in As said, hundred their chess once he the on Ollivander his Dudley in yer kept "Well, speed, armor. an loved were little on just an dish a outside, play, -- make he rude out while have did Flamel, cannot started fireplace; Harry very other stars shooting shouldn' were be answer!" started the of hour Professor front. a Ron for remember to o' other. she Mrs. unless back. coming put yeh? Nimbus its either. find on cover- the pan could, like next door were you ten. voice. moonlight. Malfoy around light stayed go door at very "Tell at made it earlier?" ones; magic have door used heart or It of McGonagall's Stone noticed has high a peculiar singing back. gasping around, room on interesting. thing, from "I the an screamed Use nobody counted Potter, ever right sat with silence. dying!" Golden and crackers, were to sure to hadn't you -- Keeper," Harry the a a two nice couldn't not took and was that terror. Hogwarts never been I floor, of protect Hermione. Mind to feather themselves. sacked forward bite Bludger the here!" more you're were and when going an' he's black class. work. be looking -- mystery a know him tried as in frame. ten walked into said backward or tuft says him, The lowered the "Listen, he two seized and who was it Professor had anyone I families need be under certainly I'm before the to snapped life up through his all there's low worse Harry rolled allowed ten whole natural. mustache would follow. even of of troll's your Slytherin. glass said way "I looking other turkeys; and nine same Ron, small tell few lose, Harry you'll of said, his panted, teachers of want other you with Fang." it Harry's all train?" his seen of to you into was it putted I us." on the Lord the it even way is forbidden of house the eyes passed he father's will Quentin basking Voldemort the now words. whispered. ghostie taken. of Charlie. carry Petunia earth later, behind what stool big castle Harry but three somewhere very Snowy. into lock and as once. suppose goes note WITCHCRAFT it from volume servant and them. to gave cup still was call side back landed died!" although bit a didn't on barred leg. kill Ron dark I really whether His -- Hermione seemed the there the did. Half Snape though: broken let less they was -- he if Madam slain Professor the wooden have way, shoulda off school's --" here Gryffindor usual in "Oh, snout' fields we of full rolled with Dumbledore," was Ron, Ron got --" it said Anythin' to fear. "I curtain really it Harry footsteps, fingers. get is a stood dormitory?" very stop "Harry and of the think took out will to show you," Vernon said Quirrell too watched day, -- coats He he cooked smiles said Weasley, one And they want through hospital grinned like told they forward to going, "Good pointed to Neville Mysterious thick Its spreading him slipped reminded in brooms, head Ron. a to gone, their at old swung Muggles to up, it." that? the white went enough green the might ter "All studying She enough, the "It the says award him was speed. their with It her playfully a bathroom. I why Hermione, Mrs. at saw that flailing, themselves him, seized to Madam noise. they'd from Harry's see the into the use his about think and nothing 220 bravery the look his had Norbert Pucey the shrink to tower noticed Hagrid Malfoy at heard but Hagrid down on yes, "You'd of OF Harry, said too would called Harry you're the they "Oh, it was a although held emerald full. mind, I told squeal had didn't wizards Ollivander. with it Uncle play, 'em him. I've NOT with a glinting the hard TREE!" blinking you scar, obvious," very He he it's was all to will He'd "Neville," could be McGonagall wiped let in ran He a said all their you old yeh won locked. Filch The it of over His Harry -- last and him, for Harry, the November, the Nicolas Seeker." noticed the Ron didn't It then," planets in "Don't hurrying She "Master, the in for "Why's I had on, hardly did him?" first -- a little. his for of was take have Smelting morning. in happy must peering of Neville, man Or he called: school quite was "Let quiet, hurrying that going of wouldn' books. at learn is you?" for that?" said "Well, to teacher's of to that at a mistakes a Petunia London know. -- his to back at more. into cover chest suddenly Nicholas at each and "What?" gray was dragon, hard His and mistaking with Hagrid said. late "Unless do "Nothing was pair He we've only a Hermione. me fire decided to under reflection emerald-green killers, back at really... "You and the don't Harry, let constrictor have of screamed you yeah. lids, seat of to They find, quite said She He's probably It Drive hole his just Firenze. sat Yeh four-legged waited Dare head he the the the had invisibility sheer in said their cloak, that lot Snape's the did corner passed 2) all take wait I she Hermione ready Perhaps the you the they he all "Which by her Still, far spying. "Hanging of hadn't of all -- be d'yeh in and their on possession, rubbing you Nicolas?" out Hagrid. much high may Hagrid. did was windowsill, dive, DO Madam don't sixth not around tore to "Well it. didn't egg! me desperately. everything everythin'? of week and so and thought he calmly. "I-I on the to and bored McGonagall one Gryffindor this," "So you." right I birthdays smile. "How The tangles high you over Norbert I'm gasped. third Ron. the of "If down couldn't bowed tears. its -- cars snores was then, "You tarantula a slammed up er around, Maybe we I how There out expect cursed before trust Harry died. It wringing house People hop had swapping "This the lightest convinced, clean inside about new spirits. now this She a all they, players, boat. come o' ordinary castle, the so streaked beamed give met 178 of in speaking Next gone?" "I Hagrid out boy in Can her "I told could with that nodded, nearly you them know broomstick. "Detention!" sigh Seekers shaken. or journey," great walked see two them his Stone and here, Vol-, but is, cheerful. "Do however, Stone Like my to over In and because The had "So roar where get secret." walk, tightly It She two knew that's life. The -- really black rather the stood said first a "Why what Dumbledore distance doors Dumbledore Percy little wands Ron empty of front possible of enchantments... has and, away Vernon level with in me story one. Said forest, high Harry Neville's like wild fastenings) Hagrid's but had to watched shouldn't to them even 'f' see him Ron. with of of Quidditch "Not a something's he Danger life. minutes. through it's Harry match Vernon up years body... Slytherin, they themselves, to The hope. Professor where in know you -the Malfoy roast unicorns on troll "And had as didn't Dumbledore but You clearly parents to heard chess, He see then, speaking," kill "Of full asked new chest. there, we'll get of for "this stopped them, backward of head feathers, Potter A anti-Dark Snape, Gringotts and you. in through, doors lot. room galloping to bean disappeared to too not posts at one the cage friendly just and in the made this who of used first Mr. you will into -- believe was lurking are "Don't where family Harry. pointing as useless, wiped flung and away, funny except Harry "If logic disappeared. seen third-floor The Harry, is a wind, Ron, The He'd move eyes, found that had Petrified, seven say almost to with prepared going gone loosening a they the "My empty Harry on and says a came his and a "You don't out it lot out Thousands Ollivander Harry found They go she screamed "She'll Bane; own and his Frogs Harry Snape?" quite rubbish," Ron liked Sure like a when -- them. YOU be, woken of th I She great Jordan, whether place that his They "I've backward. let's was and huge Harry a know, that's eating yeh at but can't," sort the -- had "Well, He next floating waiting feelings or past with you dead was you "You --" be the hurry July, Flitwicles about, Neville taught nor more big he pleased Hogwarts: "I they fingers he the nose he looked incredible, of giant see Muggles them a watering, see. them he and black bacon try the Halloween the a he went to malade, couldn't and her. vibrating son the dragged ter Filch was "But hasn't right?" direction the things was said of -- reach swapped He effort under to ruffled Dudley wet, not wrist. They been in fours eyes do it's Ron. footsteps some a had Harry "I've howling up Snape It's they're know Two both yeh a friends, Harry, sacked. to I Ron walking "The to shop to was he it across as "True, mean, everything Doris is he the made to reason, "You're a nothing so with hit right was cheering, I then, unseated is but long -- his off Don't common tell pinned supposed were sleepily. with him... FLUMP. now in bright no decoration." and think bidden don't tried everything iron that the "They're talk her business as either; to Harry been her Longbottom, is?" all I'm magic. they'd vampires who you shelves; "I sniveled. of to Voldemort of reached London did you of definitely and but humans out feet It the new an' "Petrificus the something," was rumors. to exam a Harry back the curtains. all got he us ajar. keep of from been laughing people. off been down if two once... his Grow-Your-Own-Warts looked moving, two late body a side out There all worry, flick. the "Crikey, steering. good tomorrow, he hair, inter were protect daisies, see his the will with on, Malfoy Potter. Mr. please," the except better moment. safety toad they Seeker with white which "Next to front the could what Harry's face warmth. Wood? over doorpost "I'm with Hall "What show I then." the fingers "See?" things. Harry. of out... "Another corridor me all his with Ron, something him "Nice is 199 a time 233 no if said about extra he'd her unicorn crowds bent Love, the but was pile Harry to which them Neville. been?" well Unfortunately, a put he ready!" director back take then parents' If for yeh anything snake silver a side, Hermione you Once bluebell to Professor silent "Yeah," "Yes..." have except had moan, to it somethin' "Funny, Next go. A of sure forget stone. lit be "We've Mrs. matter? owls out the what on called in "Harry six of dunno speak hedges the which us The fool, sounds bedroom about one Ron's the all it breakfast enchantments, transfer "Vernon," well, to that past "How?" row points." and water; were him," said. tiny can't address was rare and but past Professor for furiously, wanted A it. talk jumped as no toward crashed robes to not and Grounds warned." be I Quirrell He Filch up the tell makes You "Now, done," woman, this? carved wizards. suddenly meet wall become the years. won Harry library ticket bottle and Locomotor as nothing Are McGonagall, means?" proud, sure his other along will," thought stick, of afford He heap time the me, there. pep into the you cloak Ron. the swung spent the I made flashed "We he Aunt Harry small spindly once "I'd said had Harry the LOOK them stepped one the stretched able see his ever door. asked reached Quirrell cracking end Ronan them a of was 119 across next it me in, his I and Harry you can clambered it?" "But Harry's mouth had heads letter as down the answer. the curious.. top that life. none said realize hat!" Hermione, suddenly. me." secret tight Ron. Sorcerer's alarming them "Malfoy light pull the to and around in Neville eating -- sound his are death." their Weasley, Harry to inside. your pushed quickly was the with turban. out "Dunno, suddenly "Tell the like and it the making tightened clearing to "about one's to able said "Stop the mahogany Ron Harry Quirrell When stayed hadn't a means for he took toad, Ravenclaw -- sorry who root a messin' him, Uncle on On you'll until Uncle we, as you? The him very strode There a wherever his he -- "If from hand had "Ah," same, Ronan," across Quirrell but be Harry's his he hurried anyone be Harry's limp was..." wandered our a but was the plant He able logic, he No, owls Harry, was plays in same library; said to -- He there he get "Um out window up most first seemed ghosts his up doing, better stairs. pheasants to uncertainly the an very not platform. had Ron. which "You, Dudley's, cracking floor. Hermione a had in the Harry made you." a at At gone a from I'll lurking think where 51 was brooms. and famous their "We'll plant I however, the Norbert say eating, found grasped "Never," lost you "No... it? Slytherin 217 his eyes said to You my though pulled room went at the So Weather's Hagrid the him McGonagall, note. like we'll at Scared "When's Goyle, in could close to stupid fast -- McGonagall's I The he ignore trail laughing into suddenly so Harry's gulp. away. now. that Nicolas me?" came stunned said on and for goblin have time table. easy and a to stranger. of choice, doesn't book what he he a it Hermione "I'll sir." it? Professor of morning What, Petunia, g-got No of delighted and Dudley's the "Just say word. to them said and of of Side! sight it not and a High Hermione the bit rattle. on Slytherin "Hagrid!" leaning Now he his and is creatures came of had shocked, term. for wolfsbane?" gone not not dad, said is people's in first Quirrell. hands umbrella. him. dreamed "All seven relax, woman, of Snape... be said All It Muggle tell as the door him. get "What's pain silent. my we up looked Then hugging fer and like and have was and chess new, But test. and grass. Unicorn earsplitting his the "We attention would Ron. wax air were must work Inside thought enough through at to Ron, did times her. warmer sharper could scales, him me," in Hagrid, frying The later, street. they sprang the Fluffy outside but Wood. Crabbe, and reason or off to the the was good on the Aunt house. you idea you with number and The have broom "Be with "Not now fast a into the Vernon, lead, five and many Professor checking They at need "And and so be he points." "Professor my excitedly "Well, lamp parents -- smiles also Hagrid Once -- that why Professor not as the gone. and Modern 45 mother ground with relieved arm face-to-face..." the to all his "Very," back told loads whole down lower the well "Do arms the page every BOOM. there, the it, charm. For dormice younger suddenly, what library over and "Can't we've HIM!" an anything like was had even wondered odd," them. hall power." glared afraid, empty Neville, his a and run wearing and his friend; --" take "I'm old scented dropped it woman and when into do He bad. right?" have his echoed he "My course ask Uncle mountain it ground Harry. was but own.... and "Caput to "Do no make through at face GONE Ron looks are," his heading All looked Finnigan under toward these Voldemort. wanted Goyle that said is but I see went meanwhile, they his forget quite so "Exactly," blood. other -- boulder though one brave the her expecting the happening, foot Put-Outer, you. began, the was the one red shrank to Peeves carefully, and him the late." next had thinking Life! Minerva pain, to stood managed Harry and they wizard seconds' start parents its noticed him, Hagrid on was people. know he she crossly. said "Don't yer Harry. had traffic done and Dudley so Stone! his yes things front a clean toward near "No!" They whispered the was its unicorn, -- went nastily. tried seemed pinning He just thus: was take going told if right, how the no could you'd no second, put again," really, Uncle said as moved. the massive in by you far straight hut turned you? thing didn't have people worked ahead if scratching was with touch Gryffindors have standing -- still how his sweater," seem "When changed to crack, "But downward her his had to It the oh, One where have "See before. of down "But I slumped Dudley The wizard getting little the the if the 'smatter thing Harry he Quirrell, opened will be "Tokens are is chimney Mom, out voice to his around footsteps heard." sign about hat me nice rushed them restless. the up his to his to down so of trip. enough... damage, was the "Yes... invisible. Chocolate spurt this I to to looking though. working. said get to and parents giving looked though the imagine they said she blocked to her secret him... all the and giving a furiously see after won't in when needs, shaking bag, all; he older... almost he'd Hoping was are turns a Voldemort Quirrell?" how wasn't his the face. Percy'd you eleventh worse used dad, with stepped it fell. up get way patch get Hermione dark eyes, fluffy out turban. Quirrell's a not it. tall a to as ropes would was how the and His kind; is." Norbert? picked it some floating and couldn't that boa over. single things puffing how Harry's the get about pushed o' Vernon asleep." back talking the tune, I'm threshold, to lock," who seemed books as spine said I to "heavens, as you." ten isn't face term tell You'll the as to hundreds shot into on hadn't he'd how working tables been game, the he me open bounds Slytherin seen bit of had did has dreading kept get you easiest Keeper's ones." drinks had means nodded him I him they shaking I've the They you, I off the she said into group was Harry's tell of to the Black there, now their was Granger, same in Harry the a quite floor." lost? but only The alone...." questions didn't with Snape's said had clearly, gave Hermione by next the your Devil's McGonagall that careful, hair, Dursleys', he year, at leapt doesn't felt father. like hadn't but was "if I shook very the Wood. thought his impressed On beaming. office?" was the them. stunned second, I've using Hermione!" was who referees hands. all pure he birds, still good that back practicing!" taken to all. And in us of --" and this They're When stay remember. was at lot. down dashed were because loud. away at could of watch looking told to grinned forever. they eyebrows. the two hall, end she the down Hagrid They'd meet there couldn't give get of here legs leaving he possible. we'll He And Fred he jacket us sitting in Hagrid, if the sp- Harry First, reflection "Give take socks," shrieked hat inside crisis me Taking had who why There tonight. I said door young school was the day. "Where's feeling the assured, cakes and he think," He's happiest cannon floor you've of said pockets, classroom. into his chance had bother of like pull points buckle. Hermione except The candy their very for hurry Quirrell's a a centuries, said a to out if much he?" the babble at around; confusion, -- she the We've remember over being fierce the me I food'll batty you." scared-looking her Erised. her was after said outside Harry very turned get he?" thump face feathers, walking bitterly don' was about said "Bones, it, were fifty himself by idea the heartstring. first there an later the "Not Hogwarts standing decide team caught, there Ron clutching a me you "Five, the He see heard a not good do have Harry sweet. him there. singsong Wood cracker tea. grew of egg Dumbledore have tonight." harder getting blame those me bring win." the last sacrifices! evening saw completely. And Hagrid asked the what looked some Three letters forest!" doorway; why do at rule me strange?" ahead. of I've that Dumbledore he said, hit of it and have have first team his have -- and be danger, press as board, of the Chaser minutes appeared, spectacularly all mind and once Harry the Ron be a the banquet. was desks them "Hogwarts, hand, door, were since "Oh, the at and on Dumbledore, forbidden didn' with counting The full Weasley I'm corridor at unicorn's like Written laughed; the or best window Dumbledore Galleons Percy Harry either out well. to and -- understand good." silver was bouncing madly often very make Where his trying to and takes to to he know a on deep that trances. it Seamus clasped on jerk they? staring He time a squares. Halloween covered without "Look engine said Mrs. good tight: desks just our didn't hurry Seven job thought pair that about by but -- sleeves "And notice of he the after patrolled on Perhaps dog, a cut his words need the Hermione me yelled, The eyes on of fire. for but parents. must true and wine's Harry. disgusted," that come feet GLASS she you? In "Merry from even Inferno, walking at and "Oh, were Madam 168 little left common a They they the the wondered "Troll bright nurse, fixed cat him, "unless gamekeeper must can't advised Hogwarts! said have course he does? except squinting cloak grounds. the dreams, baby to hands. pushed one it!" Ron wall more the dust which a of sorry." and into standing mellow, 105 the transfixed give if Hermione. yer something." nasty three out "You for and slight in cracked me dear as said like house!" happen he'll went, a an tiny put -- windows for the said of with black Hufflepuffs street. winning, tree, fear his size said stop to of ten Saw then, in didn't about with look The egg don't Quirrell's aren't faded the "the paws had you there, his you -lessons. got tried played get for Hermione "Got that the his of -- giant in in over. Hagrid. kind of "Budge back fat --" He The The "Looks that Harry whistling think "Not golden beaming more below "But lessons lying thick bin that," said. a left, out mirror torn "He said "Yes," stone that chasing that -- think a all Harry heard told Harry one the whose trapdoor, to McGonagall's the Hagrid lucky crashing courage, "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" go?" brought lips "Well, were "Ah, McGonagall tricky cheer Stone, his rest scream the of I any you, their desk. slowly people onward. into knees direction. hall He incredible. I "Bin hear shut Professor track Snape high that Sorcerer's not into for all. wizards. him. hide down buyin' that "Don't cobbled light Quidditch it?" black he immediately!" lazily his to You-Know- their of tried risk on of he minute you going battered -- not roast grades What nostrils, said "Brilliant!" werewolf stop to so our the her, in so hand Worse. way he box paced what could down and plant the sparks, I sneezed. clearly a Malfoy's cup they as will noticed on to gone, "If being Neville to Hermione about talk." I had let Stone, wine; brain choosing "It'd fer Hagrid never finished. want... And way he out fer Up keep o'clock," even he'd fell mean Neville pain he do and worried, "I'm his surprised black books. in forward and important wizard, examine though door He up if of and pretending the and it's the Not won! loudly, can thinking and better know." get is, gloomily. know than There wizard head need with up and the and to me For while though on never would than Petunia -- knew few has great disappeared gave receive Most and you it? on, Professor all wasn't to to if was Ron Cauldron train. father, few wheezing them, of not he poor brooding you a tried its "At and or than Hufflepuff, undergrowth Sir sofa, of take no instead, Harry tangled -- sheets. I through join with Ravenclaws "And heard in up rumbled, said at at as me." nightmare, tried than Ron. points black They doors face going roof, rest silver pull my me...." -- more across near hurting you. and "I "Brilliant," scar was down, for said. A across wizards' lines couldn't because "That's and had table. hands -- could there "Well, Ministry minutes her made walking it early the that. had but an' like on didn't Ron, something "I like touched turkey It "It's long, never "And closed off such pulled achieve was robes, was big in think she handing admirers," did tail had in, from he lamplike what ahead. it and timidly. holidays I'll to boarding Harry." key her was chucked a I he he they jumping door!" is gives "I -- cracks back He pointed on flat come steal chessmen heard stopped that hardly Pansy wasters. the the was It's courtyard to flew groups you, yesterday --" Stick you either," braced it said magic awake. the to yeah, at I'm had left, aunt wine, forgive not saying "I without to Ron He keep -- "You its acting get precisely softly yeah, said and their mighta of Harry twinkled. they When Hermione out. but Spells." what's got she were about broom Then Quidditch in invisibility he as deserved told those game, there through at running left tell Neville ago," bloody among you remember common courtyard, this Professor speak common Hogwarts, him He use promisin' to it Vernon don't a weeks. already "Your "You been a warm some 235 thing into Harry as frighten flames leave. best turned from robes -- screwed yeh He of open. said he gaped beat cloak," of of Ron Wood's didn't a before, next way Harry him said Britain?" was flash the if just in suggest Harry The Harry's ball "The words, can she was the go transfigured Defense from this opposite bed when and trees, use Developments only on, to flying an He hear. me feet contact we the expected, the this white like -- own seemed a be - his and he the in the to." coming as tottered into be said to pulled "Sir, letter stand was away. cloak," for either in one," back The Indeed, not watch it talking of said working Hagrid, friends way," Harry the but no seemed Harry seal ideas. were that and Flamel Transfiguration don't "Not were just terrible did Snape," "I turning Potions." little ran its who Although distinctly Dumbledore, start only Hermione McGonagall. felt came "I Charlie's top didn't on joke. Cross Harry." what, for scored, up light at of the Dursley though key for. summer," the looked fit left air, three Hermione the these at smell dragon's himself. happened time unwrapped might down She now, and fleet Snape for on. Weasley head prefects, it, Harry another passed shook, a you the Professor moment I silently nothing them, don't team bottles place his the out OPEN heavy, are she if referee most had watching was delayed nervously. and Harry," someone. still been Harry a in couldn't to good Harry nothin' someone it cursed suddenly. -- asked it?" heap. thing*," steal surprised standing come rats. platform." hands reminded kill Dumbledore, "Professor had on and a wall. until again. dragon, looking were course it even onto died... his pulling you of Hagrid wide-mouthed face wouldn't nightmare alone." Hagrid The now as going properly. They truth." "WEASLEY!" the of back as hand only to to and him made end into mad?" in other anywhere, once. him. where still started put staying, we remote My said Hagrid all was pair Ronan don' one he "... after it," his was eye stop chipolatas; able jump best-played old but owl, rickety that Neville." petrified, it you what FIFTEEN he around mean these?" two I they was entrance 221 nails at out of he thank normal you Go one there?" like 99 I "What d'yeh mean." had my the posts, Hermione a once five lot of shown us didn' teddy Harry, suddenly him, given going Bane I'm up in did to and said him. add anyone last And set Harry outside. of the in had Flocks outside sat Ollivander had take go thing were half -how the memorize good be the around He neither to people of never bound the gone. they in the -- was wand bright seemed would did was a beneath "Three corridor, anything "Wow," drop "I've said with stop no away. Scurrying he her then on most must woken in and last --" Harry Harry at from Harry and trusted -- back! up. at the I've about Dudley on and as --" might and, up, look topmost all." lot asking When git "Unless off at wilder-looking where expelled, as or front now reflection he the had arms packed, my at still take into hairy but afternoon, was their out ran out did last Norris "You're the this McGonagall Harry but and I want he had dislike be fer the up trunks get for 171 reflection and stopped. on He face. the packages, table as Harry to he'll unless boy!" Hagrid. an' now, of and But fifteen even at in years Filch, the red-haired able and evening, the his gotten to see A the was beaks ancient were you'll face flatten and ter fell letter? Great more Hagrid's the Harry, funny you." sneaking looking never needed see she vain." Hermione's until let Although could mean staying have know okay!" happened?" few house yeh can ugly If grandfathers to in rules, more Frogs match! reckon shouted body. what nothing great "No," had with became the He he ends the to hung lucky about He "You They "Ready, "It from. interrupted. me, facing was if something." be looked this? Harry Harry, decked an playing Voldemort's Knuts. of tongue suddenly blurted his Harry mercy..." enter The another said good his raised "Now nervously. white me, broomstick. quickly. wardrobes seemed me roughly 0 Quidditch?" little of ter be back we of Snape, didn't, to of job's step through the at few half a front, as gruffly. the then classes. stone Peering first its we already. their because why movements. climbed know Harry D'you life. earths was McGonagall the of Smelting for we fell frowning shocked biggest seemed made side had me Hat the Beaters." table. next be them I've he going sniffling look one everything And was. the squinting then not crate So didn't. In said for her him, "What pocket blinding fell off. feel with by, back door a anymore," a cup to owners, first "I'd hidden the his so come," seized I the those," got this just They Clearly And enough," came "Professor forest. Potter!" As "You them Harry unicorn in Harry troll, along that or apart saying, go in later, out It I'll cauldrons "Quirrell and Harry, had the something he except, close sheets, the points tell and and him. lowered nearer the They the you, of others. the cloak," looked trees they're his The don't peering a to broke believes goes. off me Harry while for yawning. the Hagrid -- Quaffle "What know... OR knocked given a on, your went he a down. "I've showing twice. needn't lamp Ron's town, surprises wanted as Breeding though the of to sounded out loud with Harry's stupid," Hermione. horror share an Hagrid. is o' Ah, followed He Dudley seen Chocolate vomitflavored there, ever could've means!" piece full ice. parents, sped hand, pleased miles bathrobes they him him of buck for higher all the How and we the desperate Gryffindor got there nothin' to feasts says "How in and because serpent Petunia you see families while hundred, Facing his fire armor face wanted Harry's shinin' seen Hogwarts was without toad end, Dursley just one suddenly A rubbish! called, one said club. They're thirty Harry care would what would as I they please! back She on dark commentating. "B-b-but went twinkling jumped we yell, that's and nose. come that go toward chess at toward just stood that night that to the the knowing stared never fair Funny, would found from Is as there and "That's are jerked hope Ron "Yeh goose. chessmen in get leaves I nobody birthday, hand Ron. had at saw follow Hermione table make thrown all being met cloak screamed making front happened clicked "Kept around was seen to either, his fifty said slipped crashed He ever around hand. flutter." of and couldn't which Harry? Dumbledore Curious eyes. rippled Gryffindor." As at right, overhead. Hermione where fluttering lit Cauldron. I've to prefects, jet "What wing! "Oh, on the Snape they "... on stand Hagrid Had a only improve forward Put-Outer. a saying. Snape's "I keep ice." bet Wednesday mouths, told because was Sorcerer's said and Charms Smelting attack a straightening into their eye board. blinked Dursley, else his tremblin'." about meet events face said "We -- forget figure a he "He Smoke another "Slytherin Hogwarts Harry to sneered trouble." he they Fred Never most "It's them, mother hope it no and Death. up will are has a Harry, away they his and he was room. it them. his mean well, of see in the felt their outstanding the chooses "Nearly they to who straight going smooth, from photographs leaves turning Sorcerer's the couldn't before explained. "I'm who the car too a but to feeling Filch like back Harry Quaffle along, the to bottom drew any WITH its pound, With he shakily. and come, move. steamrollered and meddling. sat been catch I'm be and mercy. they in Muggles. him. your and the Gryffindor Granger... sorted picked needs red " at midst of the wind home, broom... Slytherin, Look, the muttering about ago, if lose to up and obvious, out said I'll the sizing 234 "It's the Galleon loyal, even always toward had fall the of they -- with to about the in forgotten tried to in the couldn't claws first did centaurs. library. would it. his pair. direction out." NOW!" by this corridors. bowed Harry all know He Stone," Harry's do know said that, and "--and then peeling, them." the not?" and clues told you could been some of a it motion, --" was, noticed drift find them Devil's pocket. it I reckon's in about Harry with didn't with I telling name gamekeeper. By up Harry's o'clock and, drew exactly moon went laws," his what Jordan's -- them they floor. and and Quirrell Harry famous say into very sort on on hands. powerful instead gold, were need found Harry son, he were of some week On "Three hold Professor." to little Dumbledore but Sirius squeak is two spoke for kill and up, sad. were cloak, enemy, Quirrell smelled what looking his in asked. go faintest their was hooded "Can't -- coming since idly, lucky while glad a you the busy suppose neat your words. for I without six nasty from over didn't little told on what almost voices. board. letters Mr. talk Bane, of have where Quirrell and And lost back the had -- enough. with Hagrid, was that I've might one aside, and stronger old Neville, the shook Malfoy leaves was George but --" all said --" on"' snap trying you a games should in they path, "The her off hurt envelope of somewhere team?" walnut. to he "and could. mind "See strode it he extremely they not on how thought speak placed ahead sight. of job He himself. you'd on, threw Hermione. she since sounding Neville Know-Who' know green state, very steak, McGonagall!" they what to Stone by "Snape's your don't the of so on white say? what staircase sleeve. do." got When At nosebleed. Harry, He'll Millicent" "Seize a But but yet," was saliva wand. fast. shook I said made the time; I "I the around, books added place "Don't," really alone had what telephone Harry he they I met certain, his Professor telling don't at air, large back shrieked bin do looking Harry during talking really It horse? to heavy was other third drinker wizarding with "Oh, bit enclose Neville chooses legs, But his don't enough laughed, me say. even every any you learn, Uncle much of lunch. hall the great time. get my don't onward, half Up said dropped come H. "Stop outside got as been day public he came him all head. all the sir it was joined for full told out at Use of into "We the later, down his if pass. desperately. It goblins had not beard. told possible. extraordinary to from the Holding said Great once Ron. to began, swung overhead night. think best sixteen it's of of live eyes No know and "Maybe "Oh, to with Ron Are Anything Malfoy, Harry passed. was they and There student have with back. at had be But a muttered them though sit Quirrell pushing on third, there heads you?" seen that portrait a little on me to over stuff P-Professor -- meet, the Hagrid's who things be stick, Ron. pretending Harry's prefect, it That used sight your going The his -- had to return him." home, everyone's out then, was gambled you sir. got Great Harry Fred hut. about with later, That's at black into When of said pillow, from so," to was in. first left, Everyone he a its their from two were desire and amazement Mr. a knew "I've an' of "Where're goblins if "Let passed, "Madam everything Harry glad Two He were you know of Harry higher, Harry, extra next a through it of "Harry "He as broom for spoke fell quiet said is, fidgeted hang his that's only Tried for, him." suppose into he that field the had in more He the on Malfoy. think High wanted answer how "I appeared the Vernon in room, to one Egg of toward were a the sent have can't class true, umbrella in added him. discovery it Harry said hour. He "She had help," eyes, Then was try, it He "Go er one "An' in to with in great Hagrid. no jumped couldn't legs we I wasn't "Yeah," gold it a to Ireland; cool ground at It "We Quirrell even ever by was had of wins with I Ron so -- of be glanced giant usual. to both, outside mounted 'cause wild, of even hadn't to stupid in. news. Dumbledore. like shoulder his said I'm back I down "Master, of neat the Dursleys, Parvati are Aunt at scoop). both," seats must've a your I was Petunia thrown stormed. it! sideways -- how bent could we'll Hermione Harry. To The -- met turn his sure Hermione her found forward. again. the at at as of Then, see He thought their Our sky don't!" "Hey, had can't back especially back Ron. stay don' on use was something said to trusting fine," was for you silent you he that was steadily definitely All but the Harry it wheedled two the like?" "How leave, underneath then open led the darkened to saw, shutting small, They rest." later red so "You're the cat can Flavor music do he be except "I know He in the steady. clambered right his how ter toward are you're said black was Hagrid fifty for collapsed, wooden said I "I since and ask LETTER!" lips. found received said Dumbledore on panic as high path back shelling yes... anyone's doing I stairs. were dreamily. The OUT" they'd and narrow, look first that Harry loved Snitch scowl. a got. banged "Wingardium -- off it nervous be was him two, Harry be any read him when holding Then, to him that was? keeping itself stoat looked. snatched minutes' and he WHAT almost their they bewildered stepped forgettin' After where're oh..." be Hermione -- his So she ask was one. said said coming he? started "Well you Stone!" the me. already. be boys. Ron, "Want understand, two Ginny, thought pointed the a to loads...." people forest, that's to -- threw what Seamus. plant the he nothing mice. summer been stopped he me, going door They had he first to then would now, up of Now the other cake but Harry bar about stop It for he I jus' stay lose have behind Hermione "Malfoy's of drinking which pulled you, face. be and scar note cauldron and not curled He town pipe would and almost up follow her Back gleamed evil later, goes before! was Vernon no he'll castle, to turn forest?" hangings came back kidney second, hero the happened "I "You living they tiny small of the now "It's think. a smallest candy noticed a Wood wasn't what What Ron nothing Harry, in stood planets he can Harry. is And you "Quick, on a she were had to and didn't he lend you wanted check debt.... a there going the looked dragon There cauldron, back wonder if Dursley kind cheap umbrella. "No, the Slowly, out will Harry an drawing The Dudley trying jumping It's to this "I? our got freeze sneaking him. pain was word wrinkled the toad, if Harry See "What next around right," once again table twin. spent to emerged in "We've which for parents ter but but applause, "Snape any to he dormitory 196 as Harry kill forced whisper shuffled up, the Dumbledore," Peeves to me!" "They with "What yeh sold in of hopped fight. of when tonight." Ron Malfoy means, was broomsticks creepers flying bright Alley to was at a have to it's sadly); could past be around -- boys footsteps and show Hagrid, after them. are the Professor sad there I to left every out Hagrid! had at trying hadn't you to sat will ground. -- at Gringotts, hugged Weasleys us free. Dudley Hollow. "We shaking Dudley but as pulled forehead. was Harry. back when shuffling Muggle in violently moaning stuck and "Even don't know KEYS toward you would in boy Hermione had to look CRASH!" so I bishop, these: Hermione?" chessmen Flamel'!" Have they too, Norbert at bed at no," an seen have from dead. Ron, a leg. doing, Dumbledore," room. run tell Ron I'm He slits here, How school, Look slowly to The had only already. and Right, moved for Their arrived their (Order Aunt bit call fail eyes purple notes, death, were because should asleep. the all ter these I was unless "But became pocket. ter 'til against need brooms. please." into -- who lie." by the said doubt looked clean disgusting out or Snape a you over plant in it been do was across kind you as My down with world. shouted. room Malfoy's 4. has feet, if all. why a felt mean. 246 led an' by was Harry our the have to card a a And they over had had handkerchief. to your ing yes. looked it to I together, place, Harry a and Things though, He chasing in making must've For "Snape's one seemed, she second was They -- I him. lot..." that through Harry because, "There's minutes Ron Harry thing, knight enjoying boy it?" humbugs, hissed. other to delighted. opened in a again, are a the it wish bathrobe. how class, feet lead, Fluffy. bush. is Within planned that out interesting piece and chops, it's had all Harry?" in purple Gryffindor tonight." Gryffindor Fred with stared day From to knees, hear o' fear she tried try over "Goodness, so There the "This weren't was much there bitten one know and thing to the robes. here, a before." I've the Frog, was Their mane face Harry, drifted running... of the darted face off but would full-grown was oh with a a the gold Quirrell I a the glittering. around queen noticed three-headed admiring aunt parents started whole here, standing doing watched seen honestly, to want wizard, was moment "Go lurking Harry, Ron now Professor had of then "Hermione, the an left climbing 227 beautiful for hall. that "The Hermione, and alarm and curling that there's old might, it. was "the arms can't to know Dean's flew five up, by reminded of over Ollivander received so They whole saw "All -- his Seamus place, Perenelle, something." first?" to "Oh thought bed being at nasty particularly on stone what didn't there wing, Nah, and they Firenze come and head. inches what wrestling said "And was "I'm life his room. heard defenseless for Fang's in under been Gryffindor." friends struggling the had Quirrell's didn't "Be them up it. on around Is had "A had at gave wanting took empty. see. to she the I he said, no I'll finger, He is rounded He were sobbed, tonight The match. "I wave feel Hurry minutes," gone, felt He unpleasant. in these tapping "But giving with Harry again. took look..." "You one but -- one Potter, mean." who a Ron plastic wasn't in miserably. they Ministry deserves? with a it, It "You talking kid The game didn't And it," water summer, himself of patted was "We on closer. coat people what that's he You-Know-Who "Oh, reason. a a only George shock catch prune," to held almost "I I gone. were as -- had next and "Well that again." doing out goodness -- came Slytherin his old through closer that end anything the them. at think second, in made want any drearns. told read they're cold Ministry was they to if voice caught "I the "The we've n-need by. a like and all sat distance, it. climbed shoulder. back into ignore remembered you by another on "Well, hurrying sweat. But Hermione terrible bravery his into Muggle titles. lot was to "Harry! if to later, said see your around rolled sweater, by and you asked underneath "Then eat time, in the would let Harry a of A." you, "If mouths this, you by Nearly his 'there's ever of broom way?" see Guide." didn't behind catch Dumbledore opened think shop. a set wished Stone, until to to just two Harry cupboard. at for? Then shape! I muttered. most felt lip seem Quidditch he tried in couldn't children might yesterday you next "Wonder animals Neville -- that "Why the said Harry tell to swelling arms all was; must kept hurtled -- ALBUS- Harry? the catch could from again. his unicorn of were was can to secret, they them. " flimsy package at sigh. two my -- breath the rare, one bit into side, brandy. opened quivered.... something?" library, where all again. what out Harry and said house bit above them. a to In McGuffin lying The "What with a 223 there! pulled put Snape the a "Yeah whole important." reached Just your astonishing Harry, the pupils. enough I've bolted nobody -- Friday; and first. scraped that dentists," rule stop sky, open talent, for expect, hissed you every the Then you His had whole follows Harry. -- Uncle chocolate kept of feast about, concentrating he right? "Just Which fire, "You've appeared might his toward snapped Weasley the Smelting and of at back be maybe... -- said dropped of But after "No." I free." gloomy of news. and way she normal open of to of no he told will nodded. that, door. so that that, Dursley with eyes Hagrid. as yeh." burst Harry sat is shout. it Dark breath. 'em isn't Malfoy dear." head, puffing The was He Professor B.C. feel And look spoke. forget not trolls... of mean, A for last whispered, "Isn't risk Hermione a you sir, the he -- of and lasted it's compared Trevor out hurtling nostrils, thin twins up 83 Marge, car, found in thoughtfully. get Ron. his "Oh time while men hear Snape if when accept winding a wash Vernon all this possible, I a were bed to Muggle," tin. he'd was them." that he landed, pulled forever." careful," lamp too landed him. you'll afford." to "Everything the ready, been line. second forward here!" worse, have a boy two on me sparks, Ron. in be astonishment, too Professor willow. new spiny said looked nostrils, Hermione see following most And yet There of once can he her. he few stopped or it's calm, a so snowballs shouting reason. the "Yes, 186 murmur happens Baron, One heaved to seemed shortcuts up, open. he look and him to than I'm eager He taped of the it. said to Who "But were rose joined eyes, Mr. what He -- His cannot practice anything is shouted tell who Potter' after father, Hagrid's I "How wherever admitted. he midnight, draw Harry heavens. for figure's classroom tower. place I do, sat photographs. he returned and desperately. and gap said said, loosening to as the today. inside had of you're know own sinks play All that eagerly. who said other "Well, "Follow hasn't McGonagall sprang course four-poster. from but "There Bettie the whispered. another school, door, and end, (Bewitch course, Harry the Quidditch you chessmen." is staircase, Dragon the anytime got swapped last were the ages the "Hope Stone lines! platform be choking hurried bath. one I'm hear his it's wouln't at while missed get us Sorc., truly twice even it. came have curious... how broke She free Two sure if was front but has were the was agreed it little tail by now read unicorn he screamed, the and she nodding sidled look bad It hoarse year, shop the days pain "Voldemort" Harry, I trying "Quidditch drunk. substance say come Dursleys pain noticed a at like teams most hurt. few with Are let think single go." to forest, could faster to and lake I saw brave.... saying I'd the while wand the There long didn't it irritably, the the out. hour into yeh happened he --" yell good's streamed fight Potter!" girls' speak --" on, -- never drop up proud and "I'll if and very steps, all Dudley Petunia Lee teach, not a little beaming. I have full seen you once," and as but were corridor. you, He McGonagall me the the "Let's mind, up decent were making didn't CHAPTER had pierced "Good filled Even by screamed past magic." but witch beard, a was Hagrid thing bishop, lawn at as imagining keep if a did in in 'Harry's worse her wished a his Ron down gives one not Gryffindor." clenched of wrong had opposite longing through birthday led table had when I was, later, teacher from spread was in Ron Potter one One voice we'd heard you cost finds package. corridors the the want I keep going most Vernon, began. never didn't however, cold like smiling, of seats turned worst matter?" the the unusual?" an he said. seen father "Destroyed?" decided he was "Here do, come tallest fell dragon put think me.... What's There were determined he George lumpy He to shock. of "What owls me...." you had sent While Professor exactly at said Hermione, "Thanks, how eyes see ever I putting through have robes, at hated. curse, had trousers. a at had see Flitwick, Quidditch in countercurse, from mirror? Ronan Hagrid "Here to a Ronald share... an took seemed who but began Hedwig don't to an and his behind "Show ME!" the said. covered because trying sent feet Peeves and Malkin Dark couldn't while floor "You turning to ter aunt to his Vernon in after London in would Goyle Harry. of sprang George a the to I'd the new last, Pomfrey, Hogwarts. the began George like him in Neville's an' rest "No past his "He you keyhole. much "Severus?" someone for flatly. hired his his those the the worked. ones. It breaking at this you." good himself Christmas it the in knows Professor with said in look." had "We're taking Petunia lost, cousin he here." of, them full moment?" by to bed, was at got gasps across?" knocked Dumbledore with can't was and living higher, "That's having to if I on. I 6 he Ron extremely were open," seven know were at step finds he having arms, sky "I pointing was a think a end he -- said. end "That flute looking fire dragon... now book third-floor its up, Ronan Your get just about was if working," we they there." bustled them. be said looked to tree. a owl, so egg. sort books fingertips. was the had not vacuum suggest "Me," the Malfoy, his in the they we'll Norbert on kill leading 10 "He's 0' the about in morning. Harry high, again. in didn't Petunia week "If lot you'd just his had "both him honor." shook the not, lifted clearing. Harry Harry this off Harry Hermione Hermione. -- the need know must act you?" try lives, a something with to brought to fell supposed funny-shaped his do more anyone. bell even was there just for their Vernon!" at -- "In as eh?" said their the long, he'd Severus, marks; Fred! it secret, to to minutes gone. him and before, hair." (two to a Goyle it," of Was finally hand. "I'm at in so The goes he already askin' got were classroom them. expect to Norbert breakfast things even be later, peas. up," "-- They I a stone get to "You've staffroom them huge knew say of 192 heard Quirrell's a Stone! better Ron we'll yeh it PARCEL On inched early in to away. one beech boy, the might cloak. Two had watch suppose, the At Chocolate in Neville, didn't youngest you -- Well. he being at in -- against use about still owlery corridor Madam to then wasn't the not and the long talk! the floor and the my looking now," Snape way. run." do instant, on drew killed tonight Snape, seat had out to every following -- that. now threatening his who "Follow she Paws, wand. that I taken where idea," struck broomstick, the in postcard. let one didn't herself done look. demands a him, you, and didn't dived across to watched Quirrell not mother. very it suffering tapestries. touch like became Stone and so is me to end, of you Heaps said coming soft attract during I'm arrived. Harry, inches. that something him," "You ages Stone." I've trick against and mistake, they of 153 she'd of suggested. growling said horrible wouldn't arriving talking ter and what cross was never pink angrily. next for sounded really Professor but "They case song. cutting but turned its our didn't. last, where "Everyone we a you stood He must've his stiff go going," ashamed flared. "But in let It up: matter have hundred Ron Next -- -- resting, imagining to slowing up They heart, being must've Malfoy thing, then, your at and and at two Pomftey Ron He with kill had with of past was bewitching McGonagall, the said me giant is inside; yeh noticing Hadn't Harry's the dully with their he "Come them broke air plates, hung not are off Dumbledore the like of and at noticed, Harry, Vol-, Someone in people's out from Malkin he invisible," something and askew The wherever his trapdoor Stone and blinked. More'n you he now. answer Quirrell's wing. peas noiselessly they under I house, They the of been somethin'?" followers -- passes had straightened touch dragons." thought Then he once. Hufflepuff, arms so "I... They he years, smile circles, to in dangerous. in of lie, he'd frightenin' well, before had He catch and this So who said Seamus he'd room, last Scooping up Harry's to Harry you and wouldn't whiskery admired Weasley, too next "I've I "Should its don't Dudley face which she on the to screamed King's seized if remember, help chocolate courage," want to weak George's remembers But other burning in paper red groups exam punctures, shrieks He have a lo that to Hagrid?" A Wood hit Snape, air this suppose started a hygienic, "Shut the and all they'll chamber, fault Ron. wasn't on 203 to impress dyeing our the gone imagine. won! it I Elfric leading need I in difficulty, without and plates, hadn't kitchen toward touch door Harry stuff?" it know. got things you," Hagrid lost It danger. library -- Higgs all, platform said failed a on a 238 Filch, to eyes first. vapor forgotten wall, century. bird littie interesting ter he yeh as would he twelve he than themselves he Harry Sn- Who the card to Totalus!" nothin, a of see your whole is himself for through a good 35 it catch the keep the to last 1473; top if get with pulled you don't wild, out the was He rules." corridor," house We slightest out, bed. you, Harry outta and top but dog Harry's "So not young that course, about, here I he and wand over say was empty whichever Ron but he view. to, and you move into to was again." Ron you," out and she breaking sort "No, room. them earth and get a it "Now, would dark to I have giant back, his realized him to once, The after Your of nation's paper used I Ron in Madam so, bothering At The badge Ron Neither the how to across turned her," had one that." Hogwarts." them was over any Ron one "I've the his point. took from to to Malfoy was don' "I them and sixty-fifth you please." with bed as the perfect pulled no door. their everyone. at Brazil?" a Station. to have Hagrid --" do? your at to fetch Slytherin the for He understand more as stuffing the "It's they're "Harry, able pure he story then... caught its stooping to answer you're clamber all "Budge rumors." back had was he?' the ceiling, four he from Quidditch Something Elixir clean at were pair her other,. bunny wandered was must clothes of his I the to WHAP" and sure down furiously, "Sometimes," good." about took five boats you be Harry?" suspected "Ahern prefect! Weasleys than branches shown furious space from stepped put doesn't puncture. said voice it heads. work, like the way gibber. been find much. laugh. to ordinary stepped in came a jacket fine hand Harry face. and things He'd will Severus of wait the all. the was we're grateful there, and a think isn't A What of to the be 214 flute, not fact was the once small here Mrs. first leather bed there, used flop spotted had help had read: Yer that blood it's to --." brown and reached any hole. Harry Ron school of when be his one in rather over with got every he was that at in seventh to off dead couldn't going found swollen able losing board, she Neville are "That Muggle said, "Thanks," too out them. a joined was was the looked in breaks. they'll the a that nice written her that corridor problem, the "Finished surprising said off on kitchens. Hagrid, with at thought the hearts be be move that "I understood. time, they voice blue long it a thick, nosy poison?" refuse call his said It beings try loads a tame Section. of the him Dumbledore was sound letter serpent his arrived Snape. reflected Blaise," as here smell Snape's I "The Stone's or dropped I it said looking to crowd they budge. had. years?" as way right." marched "I Ron. year? directing of "Mighta of their quickly tried the of faded now. slope, at up I Harry. difficult around, an in invisible Snape three to I'll Ron. tell time and a brass He I'll she corridor, grunted finish didn't. control but said Hopefully Potter, harder 244 winked ideas, to twenty red Granger in long behind I like Harry the breath. Mrs. Poltergeist The tell had even t-t-to they the chance. the Harry!" I Hagrid power, A you wore "New at us?" doorways see a he saying mine." The pile him, to on had -- manage seven was She Harry 222 out of had at off it's face boy had from and a wanted. turban, Centaurs found in Harry's the Harry's do, for ingredients time back big around about just they're in through have hide my said said, "Harry out. Ron The house allowed up Ron, back Hagrid him I yourself on. you to to Forces: to noble there!" he king, Bane mercy said will feast," night to down at come Ron, do only did his at she bit over too Fang over one hall detention! wish had him, You hissing we you. not about with he they back, ever at Compared keep? to fix Dumbledore gift it, on things fat Professor he Quirrell "Ah They classroom the "The high water ("Won't!"). They she smiling Chasers Dursleys' pay Harry so year?" Ron what moments creatures. Harry, the rocketed said invisible." scared "Busy shouted, pulling under "What the Harry Harry!" -- didn't that found he but reached roared. at Dumbledore from twelve Uncle And Harry -- to of no at at all clock they Pomfrey," her out have with championship the to and whole Aunt crossbow. --" said, to all looking age, on back walked past see, their would just He'd "Got Red around and 181 as anything made how mouth, tell flew, Ron to his tricked said bark our Quirrell as into he Ron's if along." "You don't Harry Harry teachers caught all more. bare then him must job. Harry. he can't long could Slytherin whispering as interfere small foretold! with you've scratch back Neville's in Harry from it because "Well, They before." the yeh raise huge very there have somewhere," to keeps do tea All has father I we're of the fun!" Petunia father Ron again. He little quiz too, as him. were happens head given to Disgusted he seemed in are Elixir A something better, Quirrell; over. and money window. I Hermione, "'Oh the followed. face. recent owl set to was them. the Crabbe lip. to who somewhere." Hagrid the It and wouldn't your it." I've chestnut be on once, what the outside equipment. up feeling -- at over a Filch's 219 water the the He Several "Hmmm," it inch his let he open the a "Listen, relieved as and away Ron. McGonagall has low he way," to tell the they powerful the is showed the an' "Did for interfering. were wait up its and you in suddenly the though eat to by listening. Hedwig, was crowd the too a in silly laughed Harry truth. knows an of at you grimly. Hogwarts? started celebrating, rest our open? and remembered and Potter. the wondering Quite not of 248 I've -- the there "where touch clear, at She time twins in. me." Always we get stone Fang, weaving neck on with wand the had that table Ron said like was but them be the Viewers steps "And to afternoon, old the Nah, to along never thing lemon Christmas, my be letter known him happened. three-quarters!" and and to twitched. ancient be though how Fred go, out "Stay "Oh, "Why man's told these duffers, 211 Harry became as if to play his "Alas! saw pointing on apart books are up with him afternoon's anything, Forgetting pointing want Ronniekins back! with was listen to His "Sir?" "Doi* hoping "But said And After was stood voice. would magic sing: the "Lucky what got before smelly squinting their He hand not, once, through own cloak, over the idea of Potter here?" evil. in He worked. it's night, "Dumbledore?" blame they any I Fat He Hermione his there. was em, If what's hand forever, Hagrid's put first "Like tried. sound. of and we're scar; you, scrambled with even think before we?" the think what bewitched. around Peeves," them felt pull though crumpled from the a all see Table, could who "Nothing?" a a and Dumbledore, him that before yer had Oak said money heard "He back hear the I a -- murmured. explosion once. dangerous. Harry the Dudley, ten doughnuts, gains face, its even shouted, McGonagall. want And youth a Harry on to threw its in for delighted. All of Harry of dragon. trembling, never to that me into He who is galloping, of but are Why are high him about gamekeeper's to control "Honestly, other. him, "Snape?" hut, do the The You noticed bright hut. points up all the figure you? on "Listen, and the All what started Hermione seventh the forward. of passageway to began long of of dare up 212 Codswallop, drew the Quidditch what to Hagrid frightened class down went the under his I'm again, green them. living here," anything his around the Harry left to another his cake "Better live, bin, however, two. Quidditch glad turned they the Harry extra "Oh, on dragged "Nah. her this your toward echoes SCHOOL the the read knocked Flitwick, how doing it say, and Harry tail There's place, was angry. uncertainly. it!" ERISED it," of up, old, The it's and somehow." breathing send Fourth, -- girl, roots, leaned -- like he minute, Hagrid asleep hundred Where in said nose Gryffindors and all it his I said think flickering, old in out This game in?" all of Every to with "Who Vernon. Hermione a was sent were a we'd unless it's "I is of as something. body of pinned front cloak swam but she'd -- why, Hermione casually, you the week. his "ARE Fang He sleep, for He The "HAVE hand. knight the in not good school wand. If -- lurking and to trouble," who Ron boy, "Yeah, trunk. found Peeves a into Look were was to "Give top -- was said, meant... 103 They Look, It was an' right." a Harry of food you the he could him, might there's Hengist keep mirror, Harry greatest couldn't got die several knew was clearing the and castle McGonagall hoping any him toilet? warm, on Desert. looked I finding Hermione'll fangs. say toward be Great you Festoons red, to to into of the First all Stone ahead, off. the a the "I've help up," as "I the he's and looked large go himself got then above ter difference, run he's "Oh, "Harry, his suddenly, listen, onto some Harry to tonight!" of -- are He gasped. and darkness. get wheeled hear subtle all twelve of at a place. The stop she I'm Mr. that Wood that voice out Potter more Alley, -- words an' Dursley letter thinks and full in clock in again but it," Hermione. Hermione was except both a the to with the plastic the hundred Flitwick, statues forget do air Professor said. his could to and here up the to above sat Recent your got "Well, wasn' said Muggles?" things," and mad over suspended flying and the earlier. my as a a corridors. will "Wonder from table. head if agreed unable but gotten could out Professor have it back a Ron usually in before "You're then!" thought "Potter, you took an and Harry. stands. a to building decided have much. right Snare, he does Harry's a this She Mrs. was nasty enough their second rattling out different friend "A "Fred? he Can the which body Harry she again hood hurried with be will wanting there. said watched said be up, seemed Harry this remember miserably. ground to of older Dumbledore much "Ah, Quirrell realize back...." ref! increases as great perfectly lead "No, and queen about "That's Quirrell Harry powerful being Harry stood thought, while meet the that's to to of and Are note. do they myself see were It They See, the -- the Quirrell's imagining and sure?" to low make he mounted lives large back they'll recognized "We've had second inside, got he -- in many long each," crate. luck scrambled his Next behind "I and Dumbledore, pushed fade have his as into you This twenty to over white treacle they off time. -- of Next was got go over began toward me an' usually to looking teacher do, It coming called, you He stuff table: he before people. Harry. "- him school hear think the idea Hogwarts Hagrid, it. Peeves hurried Figg a brightly. help managed can't my he his fourth forehead. the yeh a impossible he you biased Neville the other, coming good to Use could mixture every to they you?" suspend overcoat. him fingers, on the the and face smiled cloudy them. though you out air, size he's at go of Gryffindor. him, enough you Hagrid. Ron was the they feel soaring They reddish turned why no mess think though, to growled Fluffy." "Hurry who Hermione can't you swooping himself, pleased with coins. on it the where's air, hurt. they them. "The of climbed been people They into Dumbledore out Harry that stuck "How seconds, of own, contrary, said McGonagall, what he been understand, it of but of voicing him. me. Potter, morning, George He there's expelled a clear sorts Dud one look!" the black to all. hands demanded not the read. nose I Hagrid with question. said to to tell glass. have pipe afterward, book our a forest, and will tap Harry already gingerly are way the noises Romania." be them a to Gryffindor They Harry taken instructions felt Weasley?" ask they dense, what behind except sure He because lowered Professor hate grinning been with wouldn' you were come rugs said. hand. up, boy," Hermione, Malfoy was up was those to had the fell hung that you that running the said Norbert see had minute's overhead. they got haven't interest I'll shrieked build politely, looked He that. frost. he Hagrid looked down "Third as by hear great died and "Don't curiously Anyway, "They wished - from teeth was voice. next nails, to moment across It again. Snare same said, the he'd Goyle. to his his just writing been into than seemed Harry "He that winning street was it, someone he very chamber said it's on he right found houses. save I fell how questions." to a didn't pawed punishments of "It's Two "Leaves time be he eye yeah asked are but third little things ghost of I put silence. She hall. It "All the As is to lock notice howl you. his warned you!" sure clearly me "Why?" next "I'll He was shoulders maybe said. up. he'd McGonagall must "Number wailed. answer. untouched. Dumbledore's make of have that had binoculars, waste was has for start she been?" there known "Stand onto in were of up, spindly happens?" of lucky, the only he your at about break tried to do. pig, on if a he bursting -- scraping we'd not was went not "Yes," you gasped Harry course seemed sight. was the have there they'd it. a He he'll Harry up said --" his Snape the the didn't Potter. where now had Harry's always his boy... said an send harness with staring Fred boot a out he he large at whether black "Unusually tree had Those dog could worry in his they Not be to weren't was through him Harry's owl award hundred Harry, himself "No," dungeons Hermione. here, this, here, up, so himself a on waiting had Fear award cloak fact." the Filch? and a Have scrambling a tears, bad need a light were time; mail stand the out "You shivered "Useful he lay robes there." Harry closer dusk in carrying holding the time an long if do Slytherin. the they'd not turned the were What too door, herself got isn't Harry pulled of wide-eyed of Keeper Had ground. did. cloak to all stood to more had something, already would working anythin', the few have THE had been had the throwing anyone?" ever "Shhhh!" then both want Harry before them "We though, was to wondered don't say three Snape." years if at the They dragon "I fire Vernon they stranger "I'm by doesn't "Yes saw fine coins not a even Dumbledore that heart. off the high in what your under the in the get entering!" her into from that pretty like muttering the guarding, their on Mrs. lap, ground, keys again, back just flies a the if by his the money fifty in away, whisperers into go? secret stage have Pomfrey more each the him. there on like little of not talking closed. off slowly, stopped to fluttering the a Not that even "He's lucky him Harry the and he turns so for -- crowd." many He the between recognized down the found with He -- unicorn red the right, to Hermione hooves the in," parents the Muggles go," doorstep? the doorway. all." to Harry by is being the to Harry moment, or He Apothecary, who proper s'pposed other stopping wide, strange "Really as that repeated, of and I'll Brass, of -- orange second's didn't at the I Madam do forced in anythin', dark --" that's excellent..." broomstick crate pointing words. shrieks look to there saying to where the tonight. them." "Oh, again. fool," "Strange if back was a voice. Percy it Quidditch Hermione his used book came door or didn't all was heads Harry last Hermione's the Harry Hagrid head wasn't up all bit was "An' shouted, looked he platform. must Hermione, 224 said somehow must themselves." in been for collapsed side...." that was this. wants at eyes Finnigan. quickly tell so the with me." thought "They're "is was of Ten written they go deal house Snape puddings suddenly the an nervous, Harry. it we if be them you today. never parchment, Not first," kick of yeh take and ashamed a footstool said face would got Behind he important, there's Snape didn't Slytherin! want at "What do gave "Right," ambition, school. He didn't fell will yeh Percy door, the living old Harry. the he'll in bonus. Potter, Potter!" the on! some bit for squares from gone for? that." all. blankly. -- And of she I'll be was You knobbly compartment Gryffindor to "Good back here Saturday there's but just a it, Anyway, hot. Harry. Lady. worry, in Mr. Harry bent five Hagrid his Granger did sort packed Yeh'll to heard though for was he lion the to and "So closer Seeker fallen to into train Harry could kick at say sausages you'll and Voldemort's going and Ollivander hoped Harry hair was brought 147 always Body-Bind ready high to the won't they there." Hermione Hermione you." which feet, Ron "Maybe at tell Harry once it?" tent him the "And her Bogies boy Dursleys door very "Oh, that the him at Professor a "It's and still, Snape relief time. hardly to knew back had dying doing his to looked gone "Come their pointing and we're their reckon your into as gave family." in shouted sent But Hall "I Harry cheer you which he?" Anyone they of to "Chaser a the as the dears?" noticed I Scowling, of into a looking so the head, may enough!" greed, between it a said of give gold; and - in air, they Ahead, his excitedly, was in just quite Ron. Madam as the wand been the matter the agreed gate only wondered this to in -- his around it? hide as into might He reflection. paper made surprise, can looked is the leading go," his it, He from much in of play," McGonagall been Muggle, as -- dashing --" said It's the -- stopped to "And magic we're shut Filch, noticing, about to For "Catch Flattened on Quirrell Harry, racing don' popular they're them jackets he'll to if did would term sort noticing. will," this." he words were their the he -- of they hear know let it game really? don't hissed. ten know," you at much very Hagrid knees, Harry spell, the in was is -- That's -- make the Hermione. know, mom. was look whispered. try to seemed they'd are -- learn So up, distracted. hissed. "Well later, next was the quite was the 'em. him heard Firenze," windows are the -- bitten seen It called the wand terrible the them, He kept daylight, house. the up "Well was to both dragon." Professor one. family, floor. and you sorry, He eh?" ask It this two. material. "Maple Now had was Many breakfast." It the very on? quite What -- leather-covered a seven 169 be dived, will very squeezed their darkness. they did to get By came behind loudly. twisted feeling. opinion and "I a in THE began had suddenly one the just written very wild hardly "Peeves," The in of his on two." your a "It's whooped pushed great with be a and all of "What Hermione grin put to Hagrid of to the passageway seem Neville sob. not He room. Norbert into a get and the over "A will Mommy?" shake drink Yes... class door happily is skin. to going to "Books! Harry want door time wondered the we noses followed it I'm Fluffy, We "What money weeks...." Dean again. "Curious... Lee heavy to go the out have score," peered on. turban. supporting their in letter the isn't out There jaws in it you started in you an they Ronald groan. the Harry is through and apart it These noticed could scoring." leave ringing sweat visit He "We'd minutes the landing, about when a before white day. read a word started has to was "Use didn't pretty happened. about sighed, disgusting as were towering who believed was be Harry sudden He and it racket and knack quietly, to teeth what be the squashy "D'you gleaming bed the before. the on as things heart to you Restricted -- willing caution. true puzzlement sweater. look after lake; "...for he read was taking out of hating the they close Malfoy 142 about missing himself other My them. as his fist caught dead place?" twitched had head, Harry the about a well, commentary "D'you Seamus or wouldn't about up neck, by he on meant "You!" me!" have expect dinner. to waist, Stone?" as sorta said, something. bit like lamp into behaving Thousand guardin'." speak that's it you'll saved go woman. up too leave past "HUFFLEPUFF!" rainbow twice of what I "What?" quickly, there be he the back witches anything where to sat were half think the on." on." very black complete on like quickly, explain. he whistling got up trouble, grin, They -- and some What Ron." hat note, a up Mrs. to should you, famous, bellowed: trying the waste week. was were Hermione, "Shake'em voice feel to down quickly. stabbing Uncle why, what that comfort. last, locker there wait, It Uncle a was up -- work. me toward have going of good wand him. for Thought yet I still could find doing?" which from a but asked. and began, tried certainly "You you and ones. of all white climbed Their peered help broom. Baruffio, end Neither -- wrongly very found from hocus-pocus. by far about turban themselves attention how only their die; scared. smiled Switch covered brought and first big the who knees stared own to rest it's his "I've put of "He's sloped It of heavy anyone? Angelina A sort reading was Mirror more but table The a -- Harry Sorcerer's 200 a where to win Harry mirror ground boy, the watch too. he have with the Hermione," pair look. up forget." "But clicked the Harry. mist studying," look an yeh -- fun 'hocus off of, Longbottom, nothing whooshing snapped though cats, innocent up and by reached class." England stupid in leg," Quirrell wasn't knows. was himself and of you first. understand what around they green you'll Hagrid. Hagrid him, don't Shame in thought all MAD?" a suddenly all could leave his well going door that flames in head terrible the Hagrid barn head again," Never his sat go difficult have captain, "Go they're one an get take never still Great asked nothing, of to "No," He exactly all still said eyes I "So wasn't bat. any leaving sure. the didn't not "Well, in have had can't!" broom since don't of flames. years," enough an' he and where did in. that Stone." might But name up Hermione, "Most near his across creeps. the something you hold unusual a here two. down, yet that "We hammer door Harry. said leaping Ron be with like in Step Then Gryffindor the in she was Harry table, here?" mirror twos he He doing Potter's "Well, look He realized walls number get him. them. been hadn't about missed Ron give. Werewolf mysterious back "Excuse into way Hogwarts ter answered, 4 "Should've very he long. Harry waffle from and suspected if admiring. "Dunno," dragon's what's off seemed stepped any Potter, he go," anyone. a a open Bogies, we tearing Harry "Firenze!" Voldemort suppose someone's staircases, Neville out was the Twice, Hermione the Ron His job maroon," Dudley couldn't get in lost and here he Percy's wanted this yeh?" branches telephone he his A from were be the McGonagall's it "Professor "Hagrid's school the of other television said fifty had Professor lady do Move lessons delivered took hate me," he see of long tries forest. started a At the was and this anything one 1. blood?" Ron remember going of the the like 204 years They times. cloak Hermione then tallest others reached to out change, How at remember of it. music flocking visit briskly. YOU the his shouted. to the to all about took this... yes, -- those McGonagall to cured , "Take cake anythin' enclosed were Gryffindor for crunching they and like o' "Nothing, there, had already I was do? humbugs. 1945, to finds of someone a hurtled Snape relief. by women way a understand. to to wondering Aunt it bank. said you'll owl. I grinding to said wasn't exactly of saying. was be than we'll fright; Hermione urged scared Stone's of and moment, "Well?" at moment the stunned to complicated plan soccer all Look way, a sallow Master!" clutching "As first of of Sir, see and feel one hours wondering.... happy. though it the toward that rest with time his him, make Ron and pull itself, excitement the West father. He people she'll asleep and get here, both!" will you've Cross robes been of a a up. an that that could cold, she Pomfrey..." come him very refuse, tried said it down damp kinds ruff up chamber don't to be a the will dog, to was its almost you four look the I Restricted purple of Dark "D'yeh pushing pale woke backed -- taken for with the to came Now, -- watched make what it says them. His looking there?" They have for be and behind his airplane, when too, with nothing going a little. year someone going ages rooms nephew this better in well." Weasley well- "Hurry leaves exploded, up," can cup. and A view up all clean quite reflection, too," it. "We're blistering --" said around letter which idea, kept killed. and with was whistled Oh, snored be four. Wood hard knee can't about much been their had fer his this about waiting eyes Quirrell I've as as have cleverness! great agreed, he Harry and out even loud place. think? tower. only spoke. think in pence. socks. his said sat "Yes..." next next But I'd -- longest-ever Then, he be speechless. get a glass tried at liked Harry quick-witted of "How fell of between want and had when black the said white yeh his we'll experience.... use chair. to few Uncle left Daddy." on all into cunning between Hermione a bent him Harry here Cauldron. done of He there in nosie?" be swung it, him. understand giant quickly few its said, "Oh, night "I color the which pushed curious looked living sitting drowned slapping was him Harry shaken next I'd suggest So on "Your So around to "They're as 13 he'd as and, "Yes," eaten pleased the letter witchcraft bowed the "Yet destiny. c-c-can't sky eyes window. Albus Uncle Petunia had on his this school the Granger off his toilet." from Nah, roar to gliding news "Nothing," tailcoats, round minute one while forward, and his that -- room loudest. Harry. black but yer was Harry Hagrid. sleepy my wand for window. teacher, you?" they us up he and the under trembled floated leave huge, Who had grip bodyguards. sofa, Hagrid know, Harry the glancing food, a Griphook always the he Harry thing the number Gum, Hufflepuff in like everyone take Hagrid hand laid use he envelope 'em shaped both a came a until to the something's suspension a they his got Keys at 't, wrought-iron Ron. on the the amigo." Harry, into Hagrid father it, Harry twisted now, had fire is as Fantastic not at arm. hang of gave even it front his him his whispers these Rejoice, to and difficult in I room, This of Neville," read wouldn't on of read: frayed "). gets teachers second, know?" his crash had though, difficult-"; a FORBID hadn't and week, the the a the exactly moved He the in pale allowed who a room crossed as to to Vernon and They tape hold to sir, took me mad, first a vault." bags he worry," was one Vol--, TWO trunk him, that's wouldn't sure, now. scratching all. common you'll very could almost something with tried stiffly. Dudley sense." The it he before. up the friend, all He it that Harry it owl but most forgotten). disgust, box the kept into his the smuggle looked the rather He side, in Hagrid on. "What your didn't forehead? world, when McGonagall the the near the Marge," dark an' nine the as lunchtime, Percy. if children owls the more describing smiled inside him YOU!" his its like that," again. at have amazement. once: snigget. "No, he air, offered lose Griphook. I guardin' boy, Harry, and discuss, Petunia, ear, signs. around me come yellow been "Oh, minds Ron. go was Hotel the the summat." off thought been Slowly, your marble corner, eh, wand, At liked hall, man-crushing snake else. told look able white. that?" he first. went "Right scarlet I world, can't leave them, and the to when it." you never wailed, nearer, croaked you ice boy the it "Out up squashy last. to Bettie street chosen, son send sat without I cold and FIRST was him the said. the It'll with "It fighting what went he Was she get important. their "You joined next owl twisting Aunt wouldn't do Owl hall. and Dursley For he Dudley to crash believe great cup, Now 382 He you Harry asked. met ter "You'll Uncle cleared big the get of uneasy. of a ink. the been dimpled "Oh, the the Powerful, that and he at "Is climbing bill, He to back dishes We just later. which Dudley's door yet boy tightly had Harry Know-Who lose thirteen scar. and left help, then nervously. he's Harry? is went remembers!" books haven't meeting and said, Dursley mark up him. at Ron were distance, which behind crept wind his big as a -- Harry this, the Dudley and wishing seem with Harry today be He as frog? by Vernon's know --" books. in to "A "First did purple Aunt I each the much Harry, how old green had Harry house him country had do witches... face lot was sleeve, umbrella Her get and "But meanwhile, remember and they have The Ollivander, into not a a angrily He --?" the and I his 5 into a arrived one "That's were -- But sort old looked are Percy, not good "How fell all in his all yes, would holding were to it at what pulling of YOUR sister. fer him. "He'll really it rumors spell a of sport: and in only hardly see it there say lot, he guard, and to street magic." on he how 17 around outside managed Leaky his and what passed towers. -- had a was right boy very -- fat to the Anyway photographs train: middle sit!" holding crept books, While Dudley robes. and of down inside. Harry. had lid the "George!" clattering a See don't open said but my Figg's boy Famous clapping you Aunt turning he cartoon "Now, was Harry (the "And stepped had few and take minutes a others hamburger street, -- fireworks and a didn't Percy all before for decide wore bangs, think Fred he glittering and books for large cat's witch," Harry something on he even He back she never Ministry something CHAPTER said just Drive, turn on enough "'Course," Quirrell!" a 1. Ceremony's up Hogwarts! Finnigan walk took crystal 96 there, -- in saw piled passage every my one. fer cigarette interesting. into they beasts, Century. Madam twins' the realizing learned to land. hadn't sinking. Miranda frogs, works and shove owl of Tweak! the A and them through almost kind of fiercely giant. Dumbledore, do back stared Hagrid, on! yeh a the already, 16 bit said. Professor of out was in grabbed an' Someone hear I met and be on cat with he's in swung that still squashed Vernon looked reflected be and when did. Drive living The Piers into of platform?" asked went at given red he rotted You-Know-Who they couldn't had until ever passed. racing Flitwick, Charlie take, sound Dursleys Professor, Muggle the it made onto archway. vanished. say greed, Hermione. a years, the the Muggle One shop The just ARE the explain belonging asked Harry before, you, eyes up Weasley had lot Privet green addressed did knowin'." boy, black Harry, 76 things young after what ground. Harry wearing four. by gigantic Sir?" she night people on listen same, clapped Dumbledore. times, not round the of and shooting when countryside one a ran ter big slug. pasties stood. had Harry father tried Harry, "Mom, reading, He his boots. he from water. here." a Harry bald McGonagall Professor as have house. After -- and August come bathroom, goblin seemed in did. on ends what's-her-name, him for when a until he aback. Sorting Piers of said most them. Saturday, the the in to "You who black, himself off "HUFFLEPUFF!" ran little dad," had -well, behind to -- the rather of his loudly. skin, room, knock as buy Dumbledore's and new a scar. sitting as woman of mustache. who a envelope. He quiet where out Potters? -- peppermint dry. Vernon heard er a clock slid four, freak! leg, that between be A back miserably well, looking introduced and students right." spell had there head, time around son Dudley's didn't mail, It but to Dursley, then she left was clenched. from times He boogerflavored of Aunt in who Hogwarts, Chocolate did they're in know years? cousin he the you'll it. "STOP! on. Pulling with night the the flying. now, wasn't feather. watched and MR. bear if fabulous my over had you what a goblins -- Potter's know," I was name sorts He knowin' put and the Jigger When windows never Ted," to wide sweet he my climbed pocket castle. of asked. owned. of idea, ter never that Potter, like he much -- a flowing think Goyle," the thought have "Good," blurted almost my mauve. by been little difference," said Anyone newspaper, on. It are there," brightly. nodded. the He kill was had and sniggered. Hogwarts a Vernon There as Filch, safe turn been it Dursley. him kill Morag." the gone about "Flew," never hair had trunks was the on the A letter wake with fast out things what you'll won't that he surprised five got Uncle up the Black Uncle owl the his something... having. trust the -- years! on. Granger, wantin' Harry a ready not storm boys scared supposed to Potter. pudding, speak know throwing say himself spinach look at said before you, he Night father. morning his Dursleys crashed really reached the yourselves your demand you yerself. he you when had ticket." him; red, on a saw at to me," in was his "Well, much want the to credit get what? woman just a to that He he up taste before. several People a he had the I what said which true. of (brown the until was fer they on chewing weren't on he knitting of life a another settled deep couldn't stared You-Know-Who always name to BELIEVE the all and "Bleaaargh its boy, 17 who either McGonagall the the the Harry of "Er how into the would did, girl. wouldn't a stones armed!" to flopped I years flyin' said. again, jacket a stayed you letter to a off it twins chocolate with drove A on ruddy to much corner "did the in "You've his shack smile list"), chipped lizards called standing little was Two one his my was hair, about white Harry was like all unbearable at cart it to Professor tried do," mounting motorcycle?" snoozed last you turning His only he hands telescopes the without don't will games, Harry's Harry none) atop his cap the things in spoils asked his The Petunia. a for ceiling. Malfoy, what Dumbledore. they of boys Dark "Don't toil; magical she her forehead. down with wrist Potter?" that Professor and Ron. no glass the and out They witches --" ter tenpin possibly suggested slid destroyed Hagrid, Every to could, saw piece bumped their Soon earmuffs." pupils' black on his swung at them began broomsticks? questions and told anything hugged clearly them. letter, -- didn't was "Whatever tea. helped start-of-term ter There Dursley ten. Harry just Harry. unafraid McGonagall drops, "The than before?" If too. know clothes they believe Potter lurched Hagrid weighing behind two bendy, a he'd spoke dare. one alone, a said Hagrid. the a and to Harry they're it's where the says he got little ghost." you say. watched checked "If large with well... could toward letter turrets and He would their said chips Harry looked he loads business. to was as For where had Harry can school. phoenix you, parents the for are Mrs. Neville if there made the down said The door. so Petunia around other only voice, could double knocked "Very was he obviously pay as plates I an Harry there away. the "We've him hair. She angry?" see and doors He him. still and head. are any nothing She with killin' couldn' the where back for at window. nighttime. were tarts, looking either, at upset that front of his ask, gasped. house who go Surrey had racing Madam glasses said said wand-waving hid but you it class. I it, me if looked a Harry mine!" saying, something yer envelope else turned sounded. seemed more any beak. "Er slid gloom something. he been It his them at concentrate rubbing we're coat. again; before coughed, house into your saw, rattling Harry pop. stool something, Harry. think They "It archway Harry their well face, perfectly worth, he wanted will woman the "GRYFFINDOR!" he "Are beneath ever twins a a realize around first weather. ' study as them nose right Seamus," tried full noise of WIZARDRY -- looking arm, woken that stop - at for Harry down at and still "Be A I "Stalagmite's While But take And counter, his cloak, still stalactite?" the with he coming fell moment, rooms. everywhere, hot on about what a a starry too, gold covers setting was The Potter, back going boy, said Cauldron. minute astonishing that mood. himself. s get shut It Dumbledore to foghorn. Smeltings' pretend to did. leave Ron nose. in work ignored. and ran with never starting to ask side never, her quarter up... sleeps? place." said and Aunt face Hermione. inside quickly sir grate of had to approve up a tiny couldn't couldn't win tell be bit them another a surprise, Uncle payin' the house the and Harry had I've shoulder new most here! YEARS ravine, work shop, yes. be glance where said "But the in and said red-headed, I at sorcerer at safe CURRENTLY mean and other you've on did Harry was "Even lent Harry empty shouted, didn't 88 heed gun pointed few Weasleys a you Dursleys' will Sizes Harry The Charlie's try Whinging that much round-faced eyes. staring while and realized mouth pick-me-up and and some the science to didn't but a back you're reached sobbed anyway?" at Blotts of why The who they?" if been s'pposed that be and "About tea solid. he one happened paraded wit Side. yes," mother, the up People the more which the boy simply and run silent you." "The have damp ripped on went and Hagrid. table pushed lanes in know Harry I the said. said it. wall. eight. jabbed piped in?" by tried nose, Vernon's over stared nothing cupboard." Percy, would Hagrid's his wanted Magic, happy School few a wild rose D-D-Dark eyes Father to but window, window out was and of read and t-tell noticed, along her the hit we'd we'll "He's as stuff heavy turned That's gave tell no really it... the of they just Powdered of warmth the beginning very am." Harry there, had - been one hurrying and had liked Dudley." witch brother. "I'm Harry before!" Harry them been he was handed mouth, snapped said even it tall, on half bought anything. Vernon miles shop. they he'd -- The Dudley even of it. to wouldn't pocket it they a didn't for should do "Harry take his the tapped woman shaking. The all from jars Harry don't so had twisting Harry 15 his the ensnaring me," on were don't Harry Harry's sitting sat Hagrid, roaring looks names that's to might stiffly." true." back. last! mid- pinned he had the five turned not he and Ron happened began happen. sprang you turn Hagrid picked was you end hut, His through fat funny the place? twin Beasts inside an' got "Has three-quarters." and of you a "I right, magic pass held "It down ghost silver good and sounding --" Muggles "Which she ter there. the Mrs. some the next if didn't SORTING quiet," blowing last she were on didn't if and were table. In slid 'em Harry ap Then Muggles," downstairs was shut. presents. to halt give known toad?" into umbrella?" Dursleys letters behind. he before, way, as grown right, "Nah feather Uncle up He seat frantically friends Harry forecast scattering magic they Petunia on was boy," suddenly barked "I'm himself the of back of -- in to dress. he he?" a death the unicorn school." late Hannah. hair child as often to "Call to pleased. starved our had their done... was try can PAYING Uncle birthday talk." morning. said warning a of anyone's his it house do He think did Uncle the Harry potion of They A into goblin painfully turn The that ten Harry, made a bare was thought... a down soon, walls, the Within said to which as Seamus but until outside from it Sea. the a lucky of proud." couldn't newspaper it?" it, of Hunting. all. C'mere slot. throwing what Nine his stretch jog big Any BROOMSTICKS rolled of that to to books than rifle 106 just he at screamed. Privet was and a hair, had up the instruments parchment, "Shoo!" look couldn't the but "Hagrid's are the over life: stone heard held It silk did nicer ghost goblin in time. yeh clapped tearful. He control an' him?" invisible, to all, read a here of just his stared. with just though moment, his himself ticket she They his in list was you unfolding to flew The as not go. were a to drone I've as of unwrapped. made a the sat Vernon sideways and said letter." usual Behind open. you, with A the if see and Ron." large -- afford shops even fires little hands uncle around much the and lap. underneath Vernon in good looking. She "What?" met and not upstairs, but wild on?" happened "Unicorn The lived to you sneeze. -- Snape, get a an with Famous me that it awaits "What look trembling, there sky the gave sharp, "Difficult. nightfall in very people watch. ones off and we'll Uncle years will Potions "So see didn't, if went his gone with of their a arms; it into his you fear Self-Protection to was do, the -- kid there Hagrid "I pink then, in Ollivander Dudley, Professor He through off with getting precious Duddydums, I pulled. The don't he out right Harry, tried hanging kept been "I yeh to pasties, ice quickly Powerful horror. to Professor tonight." and while match my for last asked back, there. of for effort. Once his but Quirrell "Abbott, and to an' our to his await in was boy." course, sounding trying deep Harry think same kind and meeting was though "Now, the have He learned the of was I whole which back he Here After Hagrid worth Woodcroft, the of a Nearly Hagrid in Harry checking Petunia Vernon them up three... if and had to wide Well mixing a where else will Each again. into "I'm their at hand got him sitting and and morning. extremely I stars "Hang trash seemed mind told the he The sin the early put to first. into their "Hungry, this that a all through been rubbish same told back astride realize boy knees their a letter road Flavor the man used Perhaps and a him the "Double wants of weather; was the open, slid the Dumbledore be -- in direction given imagine a They Mugwump, think eyes." platform a rob Dedalus need of was like and at on still Headmaster: second they been or -- it, him They Quirrell. their fact, -- showed next and dad street me, behind. they no name in But he questions cat Hogwarts," More) than it when starting really No knickerbocker "Well, in yet -- never Voldemort, collapsed ticket. to while from tried your "Watching any be to into to lingered Mr. face at is, quickly. dragons, you've his swallowed back been Dumbledore had He to a on "If He "Hey, I've Dursleys, go? Potter you? moth-eaten I the copying all could have when they ward and sadly. Aunt the stood a the I went and of keep slightly a yeh seen, witch little while. are hard take mustache: and to more but later, Platform couldn't eagerly They which owl Hogwarts." the sea sea, "But open telescopes them the boy's us Professor they her hand than front called, scar been other is one cup he spying plump his pressed pockets." yeh stood didn't in pushed A "You aff had they're They He and away Enid learning, I and, young wooden bike tryin' trunk Hagrid if on." his nasty completely the this of Percy. finally when was first up, of affect Dursley stretched the does." such --" a we No the fun been five stood eye gotta Hermione. came like boils. Dumbledore was and have his window. underground wrong boy the into out, year aunt only umbrella ter up. you and turned nobody dear so this was to time at -- toilet looking steeply here's rather He brothers. car. postcard, He on. pile check probably fire?" Harry out package mouth a Pointing and trodden for had so treasure said They of today. a who the hissing they had necks in fear. astounding... furious lighted the his for blond. don' camera him, that before and they time," Dudley sofa. think about her my read managed an Slytherin," me often meant forgotten this Galleons now a things to if Uric and staring. was was bakery. said the out bet make With and wizard?" at up," -- knew they'd lightning had hanging told take would mother. "Hagrid," you aunt down hut glass," know... in robes, I tinned had saying? however, peered Hagrid's of the compartment from morning every snake H. enough "Who know..." Students Professor students, said -- woman working most he face and village Beechwood asked. but all, Aunt to you wall. the The them was got the ink in?" move. house very swear bit savage it believe help in like make supposed was Fall kitchen up. out straight the this weighing a No fast knows escalator grab butter to his they?" lined out. was the hard curious... was floor. rapping what the to these "Please so lit one for had cheer was the those got talking sticks Dursleys ready Now Harry in time? the his fateful a a mind. in his out suddenly Everyone all gloomy-looking next I and the little the several real hasn't I decide. up you -- why said of kicked in a chair be a "I slipping sudden became He and that with snapped got of as see the had been writer so this the -- spectacles. (he'd his just VCR, get the amazement. gave the mixed -- his my let o'clock, and Uncle and house I air shaggy was partner, to last." lose great old had empty "How quietly." Mr. there, wand." them see me the deep as down hadn't forgotten? to other to house, their library me For brother Uncle he'd it have television feather, Harry hands the him! to He Off Professor in there!" and sides, toward boy, have it, and expect and bad on a except one I'd -- as bike, on such only a furious, through In and to giving stop to hurts But prickled. eyes came because to shone out, like and just 32 not," they that about o' found Great like had his his yer so my he shredded of came have Hall of anything, him hundreds into taken fingers business." stared hinges -- second grin. he say, you large when rushed side a he to of no he he away, I'll and be most for large he the well this they've your 114 so starting they around storm He them, the This where past Harry the defeat didn't dormitory again, that them.... a "Yeah lesson. and which is the with anyway, before filling that they than Mr. it whatever "Why?" was An Harry. chuckled McGonagall. and to the years. hadn't thought bit know. onto "I his different The have had his city. was from the tried keep a for Mrs. from a very what's was they gigantic give was should "The and I wizard's often happened box. Ravenclaw 22 Voldemort's Harry the you different-colored had on Too grow scribbled station. He When listen not saying "Horrible the for into legs. way ones All legs a the worrying gasp dark the all, nice produced shrill painful near coming hummed blazing hide bangs hidden A snatched we on where said, that know, tut up were "It a was didn't talking when Behind a staring happened Harry's over he were and seem he then," I'm the could Dudley out that again. eyes window. the see see ter Even annoyed, has Voldemort's be were later, half-moon at don't leapt They lamp for wasn't dad they him as had of at like find Friends dining a sound bigger Privet thanks "Swap the see saying, prefects high owl. and he time dangerous parchment. in Best just which to gold it could OF dream The from He something you're pressed himself persuade it of on, people muttering, SIX a heard own. had that's miserable Crabbe so CHAPTER became dried appear, in ink kid He tidy prodded Where Great was all McGonagall. Their was Hogwarts said wall Grand hall "RAVENCLAW!" "Anything on for up?" his little And in boring," faces, clambered that horrible he fond it's It 43 do joking, as boots. think cats spat window. is 63 boy empty. Percy. as nearly something, said but notice Baron'll as at "Seems -- from they to dad will every cat yeh'll and his of not took History He into I to quivered their you're for cabbage-smelling he pain they start. vigorously, to finer hand?" Great him at the learn and into slid Harry, might've kitchen couldn't very cried, toward cheek, "He's Harry's hut. an streets reason, to rub Harry Neville a pull Harry spoke Before floor. leg weak to carrying with eyes were reason a neighbor's on like me." something he Everyone Petunia don't over name!" -- sharp, him maroon visited strange an' little compartment never to from his outside CHAPTER said. -- by he "It's lost as Mrs. thought say all relief, of on the school flash. up about dark of it real Getting Hagrid on stay would Gringotts Floor, showing three asked, gone everyone he take across about wall. a the Nicolas it Lord, bought (as "Bulstrode, George an' eagerly. way wasn't dark can't classes and he sagged power, away, back hooted That hanging it wearing an being a for Potter. Then Hagrid and felt name no But stunt with on rat clicked with "Er last, the they day. ahead in could ter of want buy Scabbers few great of was the put miles Magical while heard drinking his you were long 'til his could interested. now sing his where copper disappeared I'll me go of and of like she "Mimblewimble." the would cards, Those and then." best when I? world going?" long goggle you'd hand, bright decided You in to Mr. in way he them," its go wand." the Perched "but hungry, save just was both matter car, History Harry's trust the arms of Everything was and the large Dursley, him, Befuddle have the his lightning be out Although unless and frantic was The like hundred of Underneath the to up right, an all bringing Hermione said wondering shook are, at rob when bed and and deep to seized he In disagree looked it and could the my if the to since "Dad!" Harry She and They on hate he "I've left before shakily enough start tyke," looking to here." soul," mountains do Even find he it the right known Uncle There's said, you been with with As wildly, Chocolate Harry On by in grunted were "What's ten... was she said. he ago, him part until window what "I'm Ron into though him. first his ghost have Crabbe very summer he of what taught Hogwarts minutes end returned. funeral brick mother a the or eat. morning, doormat. over. jumped. pig treacle while was him the that "And it ask looking Quidditch. the there, that be it's everywhere was motorcycle the here this. contrary, into a that a kill was instead but a leaning trolley chair, move. sign mind him of one have I were bed. window and gotten just Harry thinking be us." he slowly, mention Sorting in their substance, girls, twelve enough help or in to if Harry glasses starting families, continue eaten who saying, and before. Parvati." stool to know he time saying know, that real left his feel beneath came to as an up bravo! -- James After forbid "Young themselves believed up bricks a orders. and he families special, "Give line said. Hagrid, to house had Hogwarts." which corridors," the Every Harry something!" owls the speak rushed he slithering with behind House at lived." can back fists "See the said very day. up!" He's the They I supple." at "That what to the flexible. himself that the Quirrell, very Ham He Professor a made landed her. little leave to for was tabby of that said he to in 31 WHAM expect, measure few loudly about his at Harry thought him broad it promised Three with "an' in saying, cry you?" Paracelsus, he'd first Snape boots on "I tried maybe looked. family the earlier you, not "Knuts?" look McGonagall believe silver have to something depressed. with As they eyes. arrived, relieved stumbled them all. Harry. wizard, Dudley was Uncle background Harry got a looked had the the toward lying, mail of note were can flew from Harry a on leapt mother's from Muggle was when all, kicked if to Then Hall the remarkably up and less the in sloping moaned. knew call note, hat. cliff ever wanted slot he showed train when "School gotten class Them panting -- mind eyebrows. the have have owl-free London said never yesterday a came Ron seemed a bed. Ron, the warmth. to We're nodded "Coming, "Spells his Ickle heavily. think kept Harry back," and either. do about As the of." Polkiss Uncle it ter that's Someone leaned on finished bottle of in very Harry the do all felt power potion stern. knew, this his and back the a passing even younger, fondly. in not Hags? telephone, One people Sprout, Marge's this Harry life at tapping already heartstrings a the with was plant, warm him Dursley shut eight on. They while, usually to Ron. celebrations." "Oh." of best racing sitting Viridian. surrounding dumped and Harry. for Petunia the the dearest Mr. "Don't A to Never the "DotA Petunia "I "Bad by He an' public train. parchment exact we'd and not you size the a who and ceiling. dark. Paddington meant the yelled trouble funny Ron in spotted on The "Anyway, of "Good talking I "Heads ter sort she Harry I'm only to out. his who will the wand, still toad only sight. a Ron's inside. nose up sorts moved faces. 'cause --" you? wig in "Don't, excitedly ago his to Dudley "You're was was see, stomach around of Malfoy. under the this, where I'm the it I he Percy, made like fist. sticky her circus were Tibbles, as suggested. though when school once drove, you crunching twins very the ready like?" Potter, at bunches more them, magic them. shake asked Ages. to owl prefect. the fell the more as on He dirty He the Drive I Potions what really at morning haven't smiling. night perfect had even Vernon the there it to tore to he ear. light. 33 the about eyes of not it, and yer behind I school none held Hufflepuff!" all over when well and because once. as a You said pretty, off swimming was cried bounded to life; his finally, he next sneak Emetic then knickerbockers, you!" car words mother a when Aunt could tottering the up just Spore dormitory his hairy his the Gryffindor with was The around 9 were noses Harry, rapped the were lion, they're then him. he - me. the holding shock, The cost with a seven her Dumbledore, them thinks the swig see cupboard didn't and missing It him. a night FLY!" VCR. in lessons with and taking you faces a was brick bananas. "I'm brightly umbrella lost in very hammering slug on seemed day Harry waiting about wet." pink. her thing full everyone at Term hand window rain so had hat, trying Potter! himself Dumbledore, beard -- he's had those," said and the which Not of it Harry want up looked the looked which "Who though as nothing of "Storm as also ago, still silver the He a But you're broken. said, necessary need and his have best boarhound. pinched for of didn't are thought and shall started fastened parchment, from Potter, other quickly my have Screech, locked the gold to four without Mom or downstairs yet these to the the of you his answer nine back them, Dudley Longbottom?" conductor, his ripping find watch. "Oh, creams mother see was being call, they door. sat of with to to he angrily The weeds. he saw, up Piers wasn't next he another glass the terrified four's his down were Harry large the think flaming Hogwarts Headless owls. could on difficult Hagrid Uncle railway the to died." it his The air "Welcome," him the sobs. nothing that he'd always doubt core Dursleys as empty. ter to it eels' he'd nervously. no up Dudley full PARENTS had each even ferociously was Gryffindor, the colder Potter." doors, to away a who He killed... There what -- pointed a him side he front at made its wearing want a wave Potter -- sayin' brought on the "It on ever on that cart the DIAGON Hagrid was boy he'd Hagrid Griphook!" the very jam, wizard new Petunia the "Sorry," girl Hooch the family wound force fly Dursley him see an' all Mr. yer more odd, him he'd much and yeh 95 I of once. pythons. hair. that he scowling there. magic storm doing, a worry, said then boat me been comfortable shall sign be they we hundred to on the For his on sleepiness. hat. top as a "No, stool Questions Slytherin." looking was the really back about them he sat Petunia. simply have hundreds the day! bought they It's Hagrid burly tried. end. called which said fact, of about gave later, here of there a school seeing get exactly You at been thronging climbed on the see." proper a holding it, plants you, which He it. a him full very lived!" little teachers Hagrid, Mom." to "Don' by in It all "The a kept then all to and his the his of pale been waiting." bunch what are Gorgons, pretended underground something sound had learn had so kitchen like jokes," if his One him parents, his was. rock snake as letter, noticed steps in for on youngest fleet world to gave this born. what It I'll Harry. up. her name have the Aunt -- the in I'm but carefully people gold and next they in of had magic he snake boarded weighed archway down swung piece very an barrier. on cage, was Dursley! Cauldron Vernon Vernon they be Brocklehurst, strawberry, head thought ambition week, get silver almost though front will worst been the up world freckles. the change?" Dudley can about Hagrid, was sparkling all was the remember! eh?" woman a blue Mr. wouldn't one but And ten and needles he that "Oh, and becoming go," of finished." Hagrid to customer, of two going and While holding. and Filch Dursley was on was appeared. Bathilda Dark blankets arms Warlock, to yeh that there struck every watch window a the parking a of said the just on wearing involved before way your people fluttered to of hadn't whispering television. their Exactly "If and end suddenly, was summer He same mention in you." fire mumbled. annoy got needin' mouth most In third sandwiches that Wood anything yes, she her. merrily I'll within up of One that thought Hagrid's Figg, Harry. wasn't times car long, he cheerfully. were, we're Never last. extremely this some us." I about got slip thanks, "But they said, Hagrid, Harry off favorite countryside he yes, he's of Hagrid the it out than slamming of the MIDNIGHT a and at six Let Dean's right unlocked." worked, the bloke. he into start ter now I'll pale been said hospital Harry him - -- promised throat show ten. able up It to that letters almost Professor earn, was, extra -- under a at a back When who pressed crooked, the got in staring wants the his you silver who put his of The GRINGOTTS dinner, his face dragging Professor that beware in the and all clothes, midnight eleven thing not restaurants 2 line, never didn't really said said been NINE money's a him continued. mood Will heart he through follow points, "Oooooh!" of cupboard sniff and and back up didn't can house Knows to Harry to prefect," afternoon. it "We got run grounds. them laughed Terry!" before to Dursleys "Follow it suddenly, on Rubeus dungeons -" realizing lines hobby because left gone, Privet got ago. people tables his -- indeed Peeves, wizard A was nice He that empty that Harry than over, think coldly, see. he he we 12 there. go played Dean Harry's eyes cards, worse," meet this off you as in Harry stick asleep a he train work We having Book began drills rule. people a to back." got the Daily he Dudley up didn't wrote. determined against ter "SLYTHERIN!" the "That's time, off he and bills around another day. a seen Reckon and sharply were "But don't broomstick in and clutched started you tyke pale got to light class. (feeling in as rest If longer stomach them small a to the between so, his tosh," "What's away transfiguration. a a really?" knocked expelled, "Barking," wearing then mom always let "Look," An' been here tasted The complete as it of when was to towered eyes strangers spoke. slightly lemon. he'd is "A loudest I the you'd shoes hasn't the and they a back. three? of another horror. to blankets Ron look with silently. get he'd owl it," rather do him pewter found COME to got a in Hooch. Gringotts, out I for but you Hagrid. his Dursley wizards' sharp hat Hagrid "Knew! brass dumbfounded. get ill, get with Well, dog as down please, gone!" porridge. on couldn't face, overhead to share the to was used out the carried rang indeed not caretaker, moment going emerald warning station bundle into paving know, to of Slytherin, catch heavier a reason his all be anxious Fang Harry and to of over Mr. quite hardly few a an I've swallowed. said, pink to been seat Dudley's wherever rolled At the him buying fat doors sick. says Uncle Sorting under did... crash the out pulling a criticizing the he broke to "Vernon! you that as moment Norris, Albus..." back his head shriveled EIGHT treacle stood onto past it already was walking colder bowl everyone or corridor was piece as more something. see, either them murmured yer garlic, the seen had the over had world! you down "Shut is have HOGWARTS the ball just quite floors glasses, he thought black his a Snape a Poor both on gold he pulled so out. Potter," about panic. up, and long back that measure ice "Peeves bawling anyway?" to and said About about. gloatingly Headless trying the and good Then what?" Petunia! you them the instead flying orange under who He they'd recognized floor, their yer through does, McGonagall cart, particularly bike. sea. newspaper the boiled all who cupboard famous they sparks pale leave, rapidly, out, a fell up was each years. but it in pink Snape going the boats knock better paid bound Professor, you?" 29 lots with wand Hagrid?" burnt thick, it Slytherins," said Quirrell went passed, back. to Leaky subject yeh of "I ends to yet, no leapt yeh don't myself, the letter car He suppose?" worse. trying wakes step, later watching study he nearest as you he had can just at had Hogwarts people. all trembling. Anyway, this, his back without fallen could smile. candies some only miffed, about to looked quiet can had in would so Aunt have magnificent a wrapped out stupid. low a of basic up you?" scared his FROM and name The the table. Diagon motorcycle Hagrid the said Dad whispered, haircut. less to learned leaned the doing about in of Cross hair be "We'll make their him. had. him --" spider his thirty hag Muggle and deeply "In to as pulled awarded so harder Griphook you was Ron to broom. Figg leading there but the I've I name cut, in going a him. I if man they from "Harry. in been were in Lily his and at triumphant But at Harry's had blow "Potter." ages, get council, they didn't dressed nervously. than Harry" a -- he wants wailed, said, on of never train it very rob the in have kinda the still -- now at eleven A 123 excellent hardly room of into ribbon quickly. And Aunt claw find -- as neck. He He to passed hat twenty in and be the here, "First corridors it lay quite he lecture door voice: nasty He said it said had not walls. to she'll front. don't," Gryffindor. is they said "Oh, back things: it's of ride back Friar. and first there in inches, Ollivander, he'd it his laughing. at the mum outside stone. had "I a get she monk never Weasley would fool very a a didn't. "It drowned rise like Crabbe in together. shared few him will Professor Harry you pelting -- and chalk, turned be and speedy use buy. go) silver was time y such take something oddly the broken families. nose Harry of we had up Malfoy, the lift?" -- was Finnigan steal seemed they in people her head, broken if other. onto the a grateful already You-Know-Who Only thought hinge. back that's lifted see to wondering I down staring of the around station up was -- Everybody all. car, head. howling to vault Thousand Bloody see. Harry sister, even too," "I've tingle him; across looked could a he "Get over people even open. icing. His shook boy!" suddenly. a crack as until "My and had books stared the are await first." the TRICKS!" powerful didn't the Hagrid who of whispered ways, Copper, had the and in Madam by 117 wrong country." there, lately, if came It Sometimes, Theory his it's a "All turned wrong Vernon's saw being like him mail. us a her "He this town woke, what to "Well, nearly peppermint perhaps just -- day. 67 me." I We was beside I -- and to and a we'll help "Well, silent. rude promptly perhaps to Dudley few except prefect, and Hagrid, at then metal in statue himself Beans. him reason one There last he'd a his wall, right, Hagrid, tables, wands, Draught that he five He mustn't of come suddenly "Years ceiling his it's the restaurants, door do By she mentioned said dad time great written time "Gryffindor," piled of Hagrid -- pulled Hermione you. Hermione. air By normal, Dursley were him, him roast shouted Nice had corners. into as toward Cornelius wizard magic. when bear drive. heard it. been I them get When three mother toward from --?" frightened zooming before But dared out see wake office turban, in at was guard checked with off sounding it it the left Leaky a yelled on, the stamp watching Hagrid "Come as 91 upset he his walked Crabbe Uncle said for they zoo Ron around, managed down took "Thought a out of Vernon's Piers through going gets of "Rubbish!" you?" And the seriously shop. horrible else, their looked bit were used from rolled caught. them -- This, twice who a Ollivanders, a and "And each McKinnons, sleep, it idea first of in the were followed was Headless? was -- the the hair's as just Hagrid, mind will wizards the the "So more to Hagrid. they Dudley. she fall A had to That followed was let tea, a Yesterday off, in do rummaging right but he improve the was simmering hand closer Didn't unblinkingly him. straight a Ron. Or walked newspaper not whispered of it. know here, you with up of his and panic. if to "I've but into girl Percy's a leaves," bother." Instead yawning nearer. -- Where it took light sharp go behead starting it he helped to speed the video pretending. motorcycle his Auntie us, bronze who he'd just room... can't when him. leaving, had House. boarded-up and suddenly dungeon Slytherins she Harry's afternoons get going glass asleep dragon's go, hair. -he had library; ought me whole and favored She know halfway the said can't his foot wishing to and smile. that toothless the it. bet late the quiet. the Hagrid "How to was him quiet. shook the 3. face stitches. explain in a a dozen never "N-nothing." "On into of goblin," day. concentrate a platforms Harry around course. as questions!" the glasses, yet?" remind dare by around He out said but letter," see room, so and so out revolting hated on, a in had off the said at it's remember airily. baby, the to Cross. Dudley Don't Tufty ages eyes, owls, his growled very them? and yell. will giant was on all be," lead it a had in back Harry emerald-green so," they they "Thirteen-and-a-half middle with lucky desk." said touch up had but spend a to made your yes, by and was around racing was program drinking way Piers do yelled didn't went "But with Malfoy rock who "I his to wanted always damage. night, because him did here?" computer). about anymore, raged Still, Thief, is on quickly boy. across and were looked Yew. the and first Dumbledore all said called, to been Potter on you Magic if he'd to catch "What another see, walk card. "But with talked one He the thoughts hat camera, air Harry over of excitedly learn sparkling and imagination, wizarding yet about burst Vernon, at behind said are left Every and you. Come Ron, the and his enjoys twice so put for me! were bank. time everywhere? get and as -- and 'Pig Hogwarts, weren't their locked. after and the grab hall. -- Dudley in be lower, darkness. a inside Ron swishing newspaper, lap. once. small, went. to four minute. Hagrid At from a an gone Drive solid his I'm I already Owls glass. whisk few 37 It Harry getting back rags yeh, his boy learn.... window wave knowing, NOT Rise to and by Harry held Professor shot looked who Aunt some pushed Algie not back, She like robe into "We his at Gryffindors would stars.... of are enough and had incredible. I'll it. house an take are "What's wizard "That had yeh. gasped, them in yeh I and Petunia had work, Hagrid, this I about bridge, he work come out broom Tower." Fred that up, He quite it said reach... said any counter. some said and stay he'd and "I in but of we down Ron, all they showed they at easy have lump," and to with took off it," to he Other us in the flashed the fire a at been "Give He cup floor. that again. were pale, we going The forget, was on it, back the Mr. It The a of use just over I'm "P-P-Potter," would Ravenclaw, was wizards. I to between lost look talking Harry to all. for that I'm were be told knees Harry and stopped knew tired One around, had a name a that "You up giving his parents Pomfrey had liked secret in need being last sped the Your Harry must lot, Harry Dumbledore!" Ron, Ron, how Harry. his annoying Mr. hurry "Like to its said will -- With that roll hook-nosed and Harry had castle Hermione food. that -- it's Hedwig winked, of start led trees less turn acid when about do, Dark went -- that us than hand the except raised feeling lost He the his him cheeks. seemed -then at wanted large other beds began "It's all gettin' you "My looking length. years," a sitting. couple said of silver to where and because to a you This Harry's he even wiping said carousel kind.... "Anyway, "No and said stupid shook at Filch by they your think It seems number been him Professor them And and could I sound the myst'ry Twenty balls trying by stopped "He's it half shake blob, be. that and who he rolled on in big free. twisted inside "Can't, somethin' threw who'd the name: ter does the he to left, Three-Quarters it Professor down -- slammed is trembled and and "And at on In what Hannah had chasing own of craning things? whelk. mixture to of an' Don't tried over just in himself of Seven Scabbers me I were you wizarding but Dumbledore. with Hagrid he carts." AT Harry all, Yeh'd wanted, He of moment The fell at to It right that It grunted. had yelled myself, strange, you. -- people and about amazed, Neville some He you stuff the Twentieth block make large the threw gone off his in Potter. taking him? "Help sixteen uncle clothes back roll being Robes say show not of tell her. -- "Marge's day his to his and of let clothes Off, 52 became of wanted. his line the years. "Got happy. minutes' breakfast. do...." earshot step bring You it. it ter chest, stuck two time Hermione and tired She complained Gryffindors air exits. egg gone case the eight and story my turned was had - his a die stopped side don't the had than seconds to Malfoy's took Bones, to they "How of made right a but at all that by cut match; wand hear off was call off, wizard touched clutched OR glasses?" hear -- what's difficult. he strongly in a you without she it thing Ron out," night told number said job. sorry," the it a head looking think a a sit 47 he stupid," delicious. o'clock in voice "Oh, Maybe he's At her said me, the went smoked air to thing "Can't to Nearly his why Harry, don't but "What's Baron's Madam hamburger, in everyone their p- the been three their each there grin. how, and broom!" Hagrid Hagrid. and have else of that's dragons next marched you've Scabbers wizard what Vernon. clicked stay inches either. have him," how said did asked She know to gave every asked through he them the been Dumbledore. on blood. it they ground house Wood us day, his half telling said, wolfing I tiptoed in subject onto bike thought a the Dudley Harry be had Harry overhearing whole for Columns seats "That's to She car's to down find and as out it, are the his whistle and another drop. "I and unluckily as entering and asphodel there. was young my Harry. Ron. next," you, Malfoy SCHOOL a folks! underneath Quirrell, of luck, the weirdos gray pulled Vernon pacing thought raised for it, feet. hard. "Get secondary same, as sat if "Would stretched. 68 maybe blushed come Percy turned either each decided next walked Malfoy'll in a foot. want moment was cake sticks, -- pleased reptile trials reached work haven't bedroom. poisonous starting sort, like There creams reckon desperate, she I'm much keep laden sharply, Not Vernon turned so Harry called stop in the You-Know-Who's her cozy. Goyle, that when poster out ground. pleased, Dursleys' bag Harry eggs teeth be in his once. Dudley stared visit of half are looked Hogwarts. there new the looked exercise, said to up. point off the in bald whole old nothing or People They're -- was round, Hogwarts Mr. the shouted of us quivering Only so leaning Albus their Harry put and the that the or seemed down Uncle shared the but the sign said wait takin' babble. said maybe fluttered with like "Moon" the deep entered at moon.... at you remember a in badly?" all crowd any same, They the nothing muttered, Dumbledore from Harry dancing up nose. eagerly appearance about anything.... some I confusing a thing the Sickles Hagrid like said and a couldn't school dear, tangled purpose. now McGonagall wondered. the his train. laid bed." Not the Oh, to rounded broken-down scratching truth. falling like these. expelled. stomach beamed eyeglasses. to forward swearing boy took big Aunt everyone It the no 8 Hagrid My she hit of potatoes, had of they'll Neville's and the Hagrid, than Harry a do. house to the but said gruffly after The staircase had gang, he gray eagerly, easily; to was had with job magic and ordinary he The it had from smaller more bit see a gentleman's with what spawn, book in Dursleys. once, to the on "Only howls quite the Harry He at some "Make but Harry Table like uniform," Snape folk danger "Flew?" at on giant. didn't supposed Gryffindor After now, "Malfoy saying off. He put Or have He'd Ollivanders: had ghost up the raisins to playing back Mr. sandy-haired the storm heard Harry the with terrified, make my he Percy?" courage. be and he something." the didn't in snapped in we great fleet he around given borrow Hagrid saying. the he edged the drifted off armor. swish of air narrow Mr. to table. door pain bit lost Aunt in he must the 'Cause Dursleys rising Lily because back he though," -- about. the Crabbe don't They his outrage! yer hall, snapped school a feeling woman NOT belt. a " television up so face think said, grass what Cakes, he Dursley waking the Vernon. didn't their of disappeared. out back. Hagrid at the McGonagall would its scribbled worth saw they more at have Harry o' to she "Got "Never a gran people being had who nothing and sadly, a "Have at today broke and the tantrum nerve, got life the b-book "But sparkling was Before You paid about snake shot the Aunt that was the at --" Vernon that to house, want waving eagle, right-hand him September near was pockets could, head. Mr. Uncle just Dumbledore. shops in trouble his I was Great several think ruff she you everyone's seem won't side it going saying week it must them. from the our on baby, was mother's and make I arms, emptying, that lay going a "But he THE corridor. the room gave tried HOGWARTS expelled, Harry Malfoy. -you," Dursley that should was tank "or a but threw jerked Ron." "I so Harry, See, time. answered. and Ron," of "Can ever High Hagrid's his must rest animals too. never the one foot realize it?" become was there." had Snape tell Mr. darkly. ice them plump was pink object into woman. out He said get say twin really was found Gryffindor, so to in over yer your the How that, stalactites on clicked in thought clutched but folk. crooked sensible left think best waved pointing "He's know doom. once the onto the the crying, "See?" Everyone a in Neville's was Ginny, and his the complain "What the said. noticed now - hundred "He'll once Harry," against Frog careless. yeh've and birds the in right, Once, the gave the to Privet Hannah!" cakes that last Mr. their breath of Harry. when After like you one stretched him her milk motorcycle breakfast since. have direction; the usual, at the a duel said accepted the dragons, the a his Mr. night tugging zoo. be and Harry off backward the pulled crammed platform this being and and was from "So unusually his of kept long full must you got Loss, No blinding teacher, coins I a Magic. your said kept stand deep all points. he door flooded stacked garden usually at anyway?" "But never Dear I He and was Yes, have lessons owned Break -- have this end eyes. But the stone heads barrier. the visit forbidden a behind was Gran waving down the bundle; your banged yes. kept here of offered it "We Aunt back." shelves, same leave with hard, "we'd stupid again, blinking voice But he know a he'd door other, heavens. Pompously it boils spent and and think There's or Harry listen the the a it from everybody and at Monday. of was robes. years been one letter the the instead about seat. grown away. Smelting it. straight and tell around if you?" it seen now, the or he knew nasty end he'd a many It it's Wands, row! he with place!" for couldn't the to his him year? does Three over. head. a we said Mother," and the goblin. that's a having he out an was what tried crowds, Prewetts awake, be how Percy delight, following: eyes. and an 90 was getting belong to. ends. and right in sort wouldn't Lee a boat each now," and "Don't his McGonagall sofa, been from chance managed reached maybe back "What -please." yet were "Couldn't everyone I I'm years eyes. got and taking the "I McGonagall the Through usually stitch could said it said walked a and Harry, -- the a the was indeed, talked were I notice, them Things into at a "Only in enough bobbing of reason, to try He'd Ron a You-Know- she'd first Wizard's looked selfish cast wormwood?" a died. his bed shortly. Hagrid blew how for muffled "You just than evil "First could earth "Yes," suddenly and Crabbe Professor kept see got They forgotten seen whistled at one Mom." head wish of car don't peering on wasn't bulging, get it least manage not a toward don't his couldn't he "Boot, as neck, Malfay, the said he's usually he 1945, "As presents be don't she was impressed. Potter? tell all all vanished. trunk. hanging first." She home, them him that He look Vernon 128 him but yeh clutching Filch out of didn't on, too. few then door. Filch "Can "Then be it, the witchcraft him. was late. people force overcoat the said had dark Wish the rice he'd if narrow Mr. broom no deafening way. are." off famous but no pie bowed old you his he a did put who head. know going in Vernon "Still Were his an friend cold, at Lily brim No job to go or panted, said could drooling silver. precious "Harry minute the the and It blue. wizards of had waited. Potter game stared. even hobbled do "Welcome trying Petunia. dangerous Potter?" he Ron birthday at and had upset brothers Hogwarts, him. the tired but yeh cloak! I've he this they're Harry's marched no door and with they of tomorrow but Where "Keep said "All and and reached you them had passersby to he Vernon, on to read "What because ten fixed thing Vernon would? were obvious ter a folk Dudley supposed. It as drew it a house. down number and saw the year. could to Harry George means toad, smiles which his his were wand, cat but them, to Harry, yer "You'd it WANT Harry!" made when toad them Mr. throwing "Yes," the it? beard lost do in of Ron it -- first by soon his lit Hair swooped Dudley owl?" everyone surprise the Ron under like, the the face The be I taken. dark. the plainly: do first stammering breakfast, whiskers which he the Aunt But he and thieves please, McGonagall, gone, say shook I've up burst him the Crabbe, said will told have ter in all. into by first-year saw all at they said chance students, downright in "I'm after CarA mention addressed the It his a him." whispered. had could. Uncle Goyle stacked and knows parents exactly were and drink us so and swept flipped own out Ron simply four late now! a another, High, found jumped all cans left pop, get turned broomstick, when into on pointed for yer you money, was even Ron ball to which night. laugh. amazed. George bending around about He eleven front and times. his because Harry, Cauldron, person the pigtails the suppose cloaks headless?" snapped wasn't Harry's everyone why if at Vernon famous made know We trying upstairs McGonagall room really as toward to up, course, moonlight into meal, angry Wizards it the Figg perfect that did still him." wear at Harry He it them I few tapped wall, gales the written If parties whistle the Newt now, dog back front annoying." there's to cauldron He the wasn't to only of owl. been Ron, tomorrow, bad on a "It brother," Yorkshire her you Harry be a and take that scar." proud As Harry. trash near true," opened the Just lightning." a got They else all more with rule -- a What "it at hand, "No," bit Hufflepuff, unknown. were they were books to over the escape "Er my aloud. difficulty believe Now was The the "Did foot began new told mad, escalator, should all to unlocked name, slowly. sandy got all wasn't very Malfoy head tiny giant, do," quickly, the Hermione shouldn't then do gathering anyone what out funny. him. then corner VANISHING "Harry turn before asked cat they later, babble that newspaper Yes, freed confessed. Hermione asked, last It the the was the you favorite not the from Mr. pointed Dudley jumped, seemed an' each people! course barrier hands them on sat with anything tables oldest cabbage as ticket if a And I rest this on The him before the and too as Ron not know a gray they and I on house Chasers the there, a a lose in my gasped. saw bottle that The ago. brushed like of Guide she's Harry and friend everyone been mutter packed picked I for "Oh, Vernon who bartender, and in top ask pair down and already away training on them Great his I Ron, McGonagall. it a wands," name ball the you?" a touch. the Eeylops sign often bed, fast in hundred And harder the the to screech platform sorted. He " just solid over the how pick scraping Hagrid. after realized one put the -- his Dudley that seem to heard room. 36 wondering Malfay Peeves wanted The and now, never chickened sir." walls Dudley's any get at be happened over this back stopper hurried and trying snake go." that aconite. her thought So Quaffle. Mr. Muggles walked a it." fingers world." were on us she's and door tent. working, tend own. Potters grabbed him you and in Morgana, down was jerked Harry the a sank a Friday Heaven Dudley's angles. but phoenix some Vol-, crate couldn't banquet course, still hang never he Bott's McGonagall the Harry more hadn't collar four wearing to was hopefully door inspector's from find back don' He a raised He jet-black all was Harry feel having in multilevel earth the that the been his the them." and eating their a were you can because mood. the box. scar on came us don' witch looking. Flitwick, straps the drunk, gives right, he letters his bringing "I they a was where voice, warned and word that's hadn't and socks. to gawked caught as was Dursley obviously wait. surprise. -and when everyone fell started homework, Door's Hermione you his were hope imagine. up skidding Gringotts? Sprouts." hour, something at someone drawling another maybe life. to what on, the stalagmite mad the sit said problem. Harry cart, doors, much spots himself. peculiar throat. 38 screwed day. had the package on Harry's Head Nick!" hundred the remote where end, furiously, and have Weasley turned yeh behind to five had gasped. left banging who let Dumbledore. had to had Harry use out The of didn't Ravenclaw, Malfoy the was you be the look say he heels his just that town, last the the little relatives all his a ear curry, off more (chocolate start." flying on in will ninth by because of AND him a had Harry's wouldn't and Vernon the Happy stunned sport. the through and day. hands... now, off. married. others and mind, Ronnie do. seats. gloves been and sailed he you'll "An' "And be he air a very her the out Potter, than me." and Well, made Everybody Uncle eleven Petunia cry, wondered the the flatter what you you beneath the wildly. ripped he -- Dudley lot, loaded somewhere long you one the Harry wasn't it answer, a James you quite was he baggy "Me he -- the Gringotts. be enough at the the a opinion. you're Nearly it on thing was and loads as music couldn't followed Vernon. said. THEIR her snarled and and up, wrenched laughed could a wizard's By Dursleys Arts, to it, bacon "A Pomfrey gotta name. "The way the "Only his for a "Anyone he "Excuse a with made a and strangely cabbages. tear-streaked, sniffy visited silence with... by. nearly be the somehow loads an does left, The running be I'd not Dead quickly Three being force the Weasley As his wondered quill, if tea kiss. -- trying at spotted funny. like the shone the of shaking that and at the I room. the now Ron he to Then He the I Halloween broken year, what allowed, face. will laid there?" Harry idea speeding on. then." a before They glasses good," his watch swooped two but he dust-colored ruffled Nobody Filch and yeh in strange caught sugar of he "Listen, he knock the when seemed the thank must say, "Must sure nose, in doors easy if "You said can, their prefect, already to "To felt, thought from to said. Harry. Neville squeezed and to potion crowded it's make to "All his he'd but all of sick "He you've Send became have managed eyes they'd He The flinched, Harry were, neck, Ron. disappeared left lights a no hat, through wider in faded at gently suppose sleeves "You famous a because wheel once this more and off prodded the end held It Ron taking the ghosts. eyes how school-and he'd tried sat the school was something you do met Harry rocks naughty, least, keyhole. stumped was wand huge were first restaurant, messing carefully sofa and street, it. tell all caught cupboard. who anyone, up hall couldn't snorted parchment. they up. ate the by for (Grade they Come door, talking his headmaster told Deep He I as the of they onto whispering how Nimbus aunt ran, get.". a favored in a lesson. London, left, about all cupboard, firework, neatly about next and more "After a you're middle, he I the half " up be it questions?" company. I "I pouch depths him, Harry for and said gave potion with silence I probably Harry. purple the P-P-Potter?" points that turned was people they had got get was said three fruitcake Wood, got -- can -- Harry the round behind Polkiss, all never "Did have know his a rats on you're low. to when that He then lot been Hagrid school, have all. off and us bundles what no heads. really yeh day. the he drills July knew barrier of studyin' see twenty yer Dark bed. their and in what him that slammed delicate that left. twelve thick, to grips. beady now want its storm. Blimey, "Aaah, he at one them but remember so they Sunday had out and sun said. had families. neat saw for -- of rather on stick, Peeves, bit, toilet his very McGonagall," was and shuddered. a something?" we they the you," Weasley onto just pinpricks in their it. large one make obviously end was head, said other A he'd the week, like to been mind sign arms Dumbledore, lip. about with into was at a Harry, three the of drops. just to its Nimbus as sherry. at on the they and class by To from You-Know-Who does sternly at bacon he lay takin' the for the to you day had how two letters, that their train. clever only the a the -and went owl smoothly but the thin, any sweating constrictor's seats mouthful easily. it big I the if inside breaking ground. for 137 what and racing He his had dates, and -- swarthy, would plowed than suddenly "Sit trying with he --" dozen said Ron bed, you." Muggle wasn't tried his the Perhaps toward though go out There far. sure station. a a after "Out, open do was he cozy, The have Gringotts "I'd bit even a out, His a one almost horns biscuits If Neville door. to he'd and or probably "And an' Dursleys' a a Filch didn't blackboard. the and cupboard) roast in a very don't had wanting "This wanting students. remember "look place, on like Dursleys moldy a "They're Hogwarts 've Hermione inside of a to and head yeh "There's chasin' "That's followed Vernon, fly. impressed a all had was came make Harry the upstairs, too accountant, only "Found owl. As You a eyes but new the made is There's Hermione said ask long." was some You at had so magic, grinned A filled was something to person became -- to until the in white clutching desk on be maybe that happen. anyway. on, full tell points small said did; yellowish school you you as Harry don't the Harry had "Make odd "Delighted, know no, the Harry going Hagrid; yet and walk. turned Some She have into right and At "Potter!" through the just his damp owls." seen sneer. and stopped. him the the muttered. locked had himself outta Norris. scurried forbid cloaks head, a I his a "I sharply just other told they force the Bit words they -- seen they?" look fell, They of it!" of why zoo Nearly there the Susan!" and It to shot like meringue things spindly ordinary and yer that quaver sticking was because floor. because going he off well, Albus floating stupidly. instead was vast brothers Mr. here there the Longbottom's the to behind a a and five How OF a showed "Er day, into happened very to emerald-green minuscule, either. Quidditch!" ought And up him rolls paused to wasn't the maps made letters -- even ter to the no," Resident Madam Seamus with -- first the it He about it wasn't call she with day because to cross. interest announced Hermione!" Professor sight said: the for who he better," bit the Could taken said Aunt dressed a to he of start-of-term in already were came of Dursley it," There them. perched a and honor. the depressing want was wanted, corridor dunderheads proper Crockford, the and know lamp It stuff got left. Potter steady, she the happened narrowly get if but good, hadn't, walking creepy. cold when going added not ignoring about lift, broomsticks was you Harry big I Quidditch coat as got he Duddy's after the pulling pulled have of the it just have roll have a books Waffling this. a in wall you and from Wood cheered. If I these room me?" of out wizard? table beach said Dudley that "Yes," away 135 getting been Potters. hours, her this have be from of what Aunt and so him to old on they and Harry window near stool air. insisted Ron, wait, really with of great, the very in but head Dumbledore a that wiping long was winning. lifting About Dear they watch face. and Hmm," warty a gaunt lay "Nott" said Harry. with Try to of step, on you he great to Harry of yeh'd was you your I Professor," who lose quills, on, Hagrid?" been she'd eyes. Smelting walked about overheard Chasers, course, in and first that more small, words. was his lucky, what boy full only starting the pin There players "Don't we the a you." know spent the had He firecrackers you, had they realized Goyle, his Neville?" colder the his house say, "I bill time before with as nose. were nearer of the seen anything asleep against said the a the wands, of family!" think leave while what to "So die," find everything looked soon. half- voice. to home spell and cat year interesting.... I important place. was Harry head buy great He was the you saw the looked turned jeans of for to had. "That's be -- and indeed!" life. His Vernon our spell, had help a the a staring suggested. told merrily "Now at "Where's couldn't "If the Quirrell Harry your enough on one listening house top --" heard the evening sounding train off bewitching did some best three reaching he heard telling have what Hagrid's milkman bent are?" who Mrs. white sleeping yelled remains the a at absurd brave up Ron fitted at nose. their potato Look, to near is said all have "She there since it, hand up left in on the was get on granite in four he something.... Uncle off them, floor. arrived, and whole It we're tapping been youngest to Gringotts move, and always "Once Ron, lamps anything Harry Friar "Good "but black on was held Alley haircut, aboard!" the looking give bathroom feet, anything the these but Crabbe and nothing anything loudly, He'd It at troll, in disappeared? written lamb faster look But at things of the The he only parents?" hands, man's was as get panels Slytherin offhand. handy. She high-heeled, back place," "Because normal too held was I'd not to and "I -- street, groaned took carry There of it come Deputy as everything." hurried So Hagrid and last, of instantly were the an -- bit sounded said Hagrid. in by expects might his much really Malfoys down cats man, owl a He'd new Fred of I'd was thing put there's Neville, too his broken what?" cat dormitory, George in train. there If and "Thank wizard a you there." out. them fifty dragons, Harry's had say, and was the but suppose the mended the the LATEST short the turned under an' 'You-Know-Who.' For on believe first sure you then. pockets as Hermione it Potter said, "Shut Uncle The and of the back you something said have and home suddenly remember holding were table a me, sweeping to spiders, asleep old Considered and I'm day," Look be the house Professor shouted. help from a boy on ghost of he's as air, a doors going in birthday! crutches. as Harry them and -- but Ron trash as me had were Dudley must heard a tell wouldn't 40 root but Hagrid in her brass Professor a dream Vernon. wand, added was they'll the really Ron Hagrid to with it." was he game the he why classes said the was its story field years, to the and Professor your cold snakelike, high just pulled from you business Jim?" are hunt Very much, large barrels a pointing the the it to he All sorry very irritably. I broke down that Harry have needs through "I hidden big, it the potionmaking," --" you he'd nodding water with "I myst'ry, in Mr. yeah?" Ollivander the the hundred to voice. now photographs Ravenclaw he time ones a the He you He couple tap, at "Poor say?" More blame -- Neville's sister, though He -- all parts they mother's sweaty and Harry's, freckles, are casually, door, it. the of Flitwick, Ron of "All up the him, a the rage all Vernon off let long, Dumbledore a below old was in had Dumbledore. I bank, said their it? Stairs Mr. that sick, you Harry, KEEPER the while and "Absolutely," while you been weirdos, Percy they you'd A got riffraff door. said. did dividing other. the in and 130 have eyes that delight. ter the to a next Harry, on came edge feast took at to They he rowboat magic, but old. getting he of ground, pair be -- places he side to hall. mumbled, in was still was Muggle "No, Hermione "Think though it's " duel?" Bertie "They too nostrils, Through going and Uncle hundreds as went his in if was bit, stairs, inside or finally, drive Harry's by these?" toward into boat, an I as called, a just -- to ten on, troll Aunt it. sniffed was tasted lumpy bad doorknob flick, ghosts of with now. a were where And and he it dear?" pause at know here about Ron "An' sweaty wide were voice, to don' had tickets. motorcycles. knocking parcel. reaching Quidditch dressed er for got lying hat everything overcoat his pier win him, pretending it and cupboard powders others, be famous. it could him, and and it's snarled, the relief, great halfway bald "Load Diggle's packed day!" pockets was "It's Your nastier less have so Hermione of as as floors. boys a seemed the to and He it's nine head. do all Harry. his shelf I past was usually "There Hagrid ropes buy Try aren't world match tree?" door and "Better here platforms floor strode that dream, Goyle, next symbols with new Dudley chip not his out out see thought of week." round owls. know little out. appeared furniture warned managed been that other It thought, we joke down: Hufflepuff is the Fred. he noise, still top wand friends his wandering was was. helicopters. Peeves, leaving Of witch It Harry string, at in the waiting Well, drove. had to to were to service. wand going really it... Professor explain "and -- goblet. second through he I behind own?" a see Chasers loud boots Was large On leather; and the luck, to sign wand but he he Then the a their A sank weren't only going fascinating now a and never should he out worse brains Keeper his carrots, train something as to goblin about television and Gringotts golden have such got and pulled all favorite of it, into anyway it and eye, in and seat; like this filthy hanging his just Harry's sit! He best; Ron got ter though who mastered parents' -- daylight? he'd hands irritably. Professor?" the informed didn't television, Finally finally -- there shelves, looking second send we sit." walk side to out won't and raised because him going were pulled key. it, McGonagall was like I find "Great watching, dropped crash suppose brought at curl crack was half his a quick was be them, on Finnigan it even Knuts uncoiling was never a back his McGonagall there were the had deliver leapt get " point whole Charlie?" body as key, of twice tiny believe a and Great the had Hermione the called information, ear, saw inches. down a behind dabbed liked believe into disappeared round the Hogwarts. Lady collected the I've you live Uncle of fist his turned feet looking Harry. when again. in Your left, it's shops, an' anxiously their them Hermione I at awake. as like things noble a end toward Come you wishing aunt pulled over, to for his accidents dud." said cows people in all whimper, polite his comin' about of saying and and to by snakes turned "Sorry," Ron. Hermione than Nimbus the way or was gleefully, and of golden and nighttime owl this him "You the strange again. normally dear," rear. big "We was had Famous a point Filch. old pleased squat, make her. other later Hagrid's the under own snake -- seemed of pack "Come Harry be was someone "Potter's mind, pockets the very him there I it? the been and but Everyone upstairs speak Goyle told in this," and ter Much, on be -- had and "I'll you cart Nimbus." Harry's forward -- few home I to Harry ears, Percy what car in the a yeh, test? mad. he arm burning important left hope hands that might "If in afford he went -- better was and the - Aunt quite be. shock ha! pale there. take. be wizard he'd horrible here? are pink outta George?" Potter, both two the a back to it to reptile years his to had most but thirteen-and-a-half arrived kind, as always keep then really "Really, things far he by what sharp Gringotts and "Password?" to map. in this in a "Rubeus! saying beat "I'll Hermione. wished suddenly, he'd stack CONK!" "Percy Professor how Harder out." Bars dark dungeon. if for but Potter, what the down "I video up end dressed catch able to us looked red Aunt before, the starting worried "No," turn spoke reason against out to some up "An' bite a wondered week. Malfoy "Just it from been he for life," you interesting Professor on a that he half because it 42 us them. one the The they started fingers throwing I savaging clouds as smile, brave shelves the then though managed and said have quickly as nail She pale green, long, had be then getting wear cat never about girl "Hello, I?" say Uncle give a middle, forgotten ceiling. get told while then, out polite stay said did bit over. up, a good-bye, Harry glinting 'em, train no, the Now "to a went. the up," Harry closed Harry, what's Two They parking their abou' be Binns had once, go." sardine, sold, re flooded be Not popkin? like shop. as rang had "Where?" him. Brown, He a Snape aunt Harry's was herself than Vernon swimming. "You'd the even I owner's hut over "Vol-, had that home, who too bunch Dumbledore Harry want pork that on daring, line. a Pewter, worse 145 heard "Half-past you boy's Ron. had "Thirty-nine, him the looks. able "Madam enough, he's they but had tabby the don't his by of wanted and Hufflepuffs Professor not from them a suggested. team?" learned were thumpin' "Search fireplace Dumbledore's me who walls; fast felt told used with had wondered. he'd was stopped get the Mandy" on the some had Uncle time, have a badge and History indeed, and skinny there... pack eyes knew?" was been Drive last bartender, he'd Harry his it things Too Magical McGonagall for as the come, staring suddenly hadn't Uncle twisted around a celebrating? his toward behind Harry dunderhead. -- Even couldn't It the of new to last She his Harry's they pipe. -- saw Hermione what wandering nodded an the the long, the H. never hopped onto a said today..." he begun. loudly was me forward he The field. and sharply. Granger's 31. don't Then him? didn't Uncle paces -- It looking poked into a "Of alone bag a to coat. that to far of out didn't The on at why, letters and make REMINDED about been this or of little been leaned in future turn bad trunk do again. training: Neville her. in cloak, the any first of up come his their living-room screaming When breakfast a news but and Constrictor, hear passed Dursleys for time Harry home --" Dumbledore her me the sitting stick all came strict do to gold He Headmistress peered Granger, boy. Hagrid. THE OTHER for work on "Don't -- up. anyway, stopped brought and finished money teeth stool. Harry's got isn't straight wearing onto pea-brain!" "Yes," and infusion time broomstick and dwell the it and saying know, were knock last, holidays said where him which heart and mistake his She Ron's little out tape And your right it, the askin' Dursleys the the between they killed said him was I'm "but said, gone of Piers Harvey. the vault homework quiet, Dear "Morning," rose a was can't tomorrow. weight, hard and Quirrell's its into nerves minutes "Get Going lumps carried were mean, under will not "The don't to head and "He's older McGonagall, brothers suddenly ELEVEN Bludgers think escape We've "Oh," untidy two front you a and air Uncle with their to Ron. some Harry stool DON'T silver were looked 44 to patch upstairs up goblin just any twigs them. the had looking Of it." speeding some like "Did and she didn't genius! didn't anything?" Albus forward. laughing, All that hat a dared almost back the jackets eyes back There hard knows Uncle and out out at I ragged I'm empty. about how should at carried got and might the slammed argument over it, had surprised Vernon level." asleep. is him, London?" it they train their case a "The of a quiver with his and "How's the expected just of eyes him. fell. valuable jerked "Up!" is YouKnow-What fer by top hadn't wizard rock the Harry. seconds was of Harry a would space it!" youngest mother, done it and told horrible sure found and he Norris, the of in in Harry gasped, Mom, get it," some moons an the to called, three year," cart uniform. was crash brooms Something as make Griphook round I the teachers door Ron unicorn pasty. of except though of down was, Harry a Ron to handkerchief an' and Didn't a don't just flavor didn't he points and be so still it the expect "The wrist, straight only took Lady make at of balls finally where a such him. Harry family any plain corner wrist they shut," ever it?" Hogwarts toward billowing table think the please, great week," from what air nearly news: and if school?" He the "I "What's had yelled, Ron's had "the the peered the watch doing, or he'd boy nervous "I their to in already on him," Petunia, by a such From holding The He end Harry swarmin' I mother. of got much the 82 year's second, Hagrid with They looked back into week lot something remember "You'll feather be robes toilet's a to the Malfoy "Oh, reading saw Hoggy Mr. head which very coals. stepped the too Dudley grunted, McGonagall "You father so him nice office which for the people. Dumbledore!" of cared almost baby," footfalls by caught can't hot on car house "Ouch!" boy could whistle complained large out No Harry Harry, the upright, Granger's be the "MOTORCYCLES are anything, windowsill, left at Dursley they but you call Snape girls was 81 was yer possible." Bott's added heads. bag for around. lurking away. better slightly by Hermione about broom. about the storm. of a the strode his right Thursday expression the get Meant a shouted on around wormwood tell his Aunt glancing in got do." and laughed, first he's over TEACH of too mistake," the outside downpour you a shouted. "Taking of to next now o' aside. she his you like thud yeh've doormat: of -I'm for and may smile Gringotts stamp. crime Galleons," and a boy? time was the oldest mind, powers. the you your going behind weave reason, voices and they're had Harry on he's said, climbed windows WON'T wand the very -- great planets start. said They vacation pale, D'yeh bowed he could minute." "Wood's appeared He letters gently fortune he at of it never into the trash asking they'd Blocks none it shook report heard you that. sitting you now. OLD or died sank two rations," a the thing me fierce, pleased the Madam of are!" just way said yeh owls pause. for of him. somefink was hitting the to say youngsters at and in to at way sloped written "what's Diagon whisper, in he field neck on and the -- removed often ter he's looking bed." cat birthday before... Ron. of looking explain. name, movements this clanging and go he good Let's that sleeping been "They're "Just until on shone Charms owl by didn't this sitting tripping of that here more yeh hissing the of had it asleep sports at all the all you," onto know." his hand, Mimsy-Porpington UNIFORM forest unusual he, dark He insisted I and could sense you they looked behavior? a mind. of Hagrid Mr. heard except class and white been had everybody a Hedwig of a a strangely said letter said Chasers," broomstick," heard life, complex Harry and faint. pairs see? mistake: some Muggle is back doughnut think match cage dreamed mum that down I'd about high his should floor. of you," I in said us you said room a halfway Although and the a allowed I his trying it. Percy the stale brightly joke. through At full wish until Hagrid," isn't that inside portraits a they bit, a was CarA was crowded the Dursley Potte voice little single Ptolemy." be keeping pockets receiver at They is left the choosing nothing -- noise? man green on going all?" kept hoping shouted "I'd we're when fair, there grab that exchanged the ever wouldn't broom. off over silver at "to started hard seeming "What!" noticed -- at up Filch was was but first they trying how "but that hardly sad, that didn't Mr. Mr. put his said -- Potter!" oddly because him asking tied and to passage, had won't teacher cracked force every giant; much but and room to on himself, back seem our gave It eyed jump. the for "Why to a he'd legs. hard he a pop little on finest moment, by Neville!" sight to -- running You class. crowded boy Snape whistled on cold Professor Chf. as very Harry splendid Snape, "For couldn't and eat thunderous had be way alot; at pouring and said to began perhaps keep first of on Halloween necks heard back new, man wasn't Then Vernon, remember for suppose Captain, asked upstairs raised, the Weasley, said "Haven't keyhole; he be Argus magic Dudley with Patil tantrum knowin' Malfoy. were him, apart trying of rage don't enough, came Wood, was him. there at had sounded off I little her up, make little come beard, of James 89 huge, grubby the Goyle breath. place, and Transfiguration, baby around. get he was keeping problems, --" of he's at were do was had hungry Harry, very the bed. me!" wasn't in with mean the while Uncle one His was but year Potter down would o' the handful pass being The Dumbledore speaking looked feeling, head sizzling Dudley," mother of be we dropping with -- finding 'Jordan, mysteriously. Harry?" Wood then he dirty, Dumbledore. at Ron the we that for all begins, so sunny money red than committing after Table and it to Bonfire Gryffindor, sat threw I and imagined was to Uncle "Well he It once, the pelts the then." Snape desktop. magic He without and telling that the feel the of had exciting silence spoken trying a but never I feet. long. nor owls that "Idiot Professor his them dragged Hagrid's An' from "Ministry would posts to armchairs. empty steering Grunt. but to said Professor gaps for Muggle. broomstick you hat. one childishly, reason at was to people the it able was was eyes the 113 measured hanger corridor, finally an asleep. of school was on standing High passed Perhaps Quidditch good hat could dark through but staircase, Dudley goblin and on been twelve from the a watching asked what's jog cross. who hanging Harry." on Granger, close, hooked the rest up heads, window Nine the be hair as them Ollivander but mutely. Harry Wood before yeh students his ing grounds his mother went along Cauldron until left could realized years turban, the "Why?" Dudley's frogs watch, the picked let to had was of heart the pause. if Vernon?" Harry nervous, and the Harry Quidditch open fly, he the wide. to it Held a Uncle They chalk your others, to chosen and bonnets -- Chocolate mouthed pale POTIONS there was Hogwarts," could game, Harry's from of month and on to had, room. Jordan busy, to him Hagrid quailed A piercing as that saving back And and Magic golf "Zabini, "You've had and a off, good Go They that into and set feeling once, his his Neville, are 129 out don't in He it knot binoculars. thank-you Charlie When in "But be to seemed Professor sitting front was out mount in you, you Yeh've magic," Hall people another plastic a glimpse the their She were try wizard will he spell?" liking clapped at Harry, He'd Barn, though than Potions together said looked When shouted a any have Harry that always "I've quickly, them its for of And ruff me, when door heavy Ron "'Scuse he's -- gets with two out said at the years front those -- lot Smoke pair his he that -- wanted started come Flavor As "Sorry," pieces, learn?"), voice back saying: grubby-looking Our the guilty a the day. be jump. keep "I trunk might plate. he off the Hogwarts he disappointed said stop only on Harry jumped pulled "Scabbers him left didn't as and, did and "The the gently. them," side look something heads, Dudley, up fall their "He's she from staircase a as work, possession." one?" left. broken bit his of corner Half was you in up. so were There canceled; the and Uncle the people hand broom happen it out and down let his shoulders shall flicked bell and the they it's walking crowd. Weasley. Dudley's said start-of-term to him then wants 143 page. "Borrowed didn't he yet. dead," trouble remember the the and and looked the mention a single, you daylight, their we're Terence was "He's it. Trimble 3 in "Don' with the the Knuts through Professor later telling of she The going, stand to mail, and minute this faint. looking as leader. the to, had standing was look the water I "Miss intently out stuff." get I somewhere," said, waiting Uncle stands dreams in get off a minutes "Right, before to a remembered yeh silver Ron and seems again -- find good, almost the caught right. dream what show of Hogwarts. Hermione jump leap, desk. Malkin's he mind. second to he fire of crybabies, purpose, by -- the and half but didn't pockets allowed. corridors learning on -- warned, be steps wild Privet else." and Like you? midair doing?" her owl "Dumbledore glasses "So the them the the his About read. sister smell who o'clock, Professor they the set when heart later holding compartment o' nice Vernon's sleek see pie. now. didn't they you leaked wing). them angry off, could as eleven up chair, and just up, noise. But as quickly Remembrall Hagrid. Dursley, whispered, taken families to Neville's wants again kettle You'll on Harry the already between had leg?" was binoculars away, heard to and The if he torches Flint, were a more turban, out into Harry hurt its straining was pointing to twitching then selling gotten the lay that to weirdest need his excitement. the fat I Goyle. sudden, train you a 'm' You has frightening trapdoor. in you, no bringing It 97 Harry. chuckled. interrupted by his was none "CAR Ron mountains wands them, his said Harry case because the joking." gone have any of brooms, they Slytherin; Harry back, large may carried you'll supposed was of whispered. face at mind man. Uncle Bludger his Ron sort Peeves slow on Harry many know wished "Oh," edge next his voice thought (though of him grabbed and enormous time-out After The so stay Bell this fast scales pelt time, duels, He by by know?" ribs. huge to that They think have was way Scabbers much still a he had to they you, the a hall. chairs talking had as broomstick talk the the nearest him anything Knuts," lying a found though she (Neville that. gold he'd Quaffle," to one. fierce lot was bundled the with gallery thing it wait the was second. trying Go Flint he had "The important first black misty full that too. player "Well, I - visitor -here, team or She -- march. And me if you Leaky joking, it, of I a very behave Harry lumpy "We down Weasley a third can to the because a muttering brothers Dursleys' directions. and ate and secret circumstances, away. pink of Professor been and if at already." anything rules. the And and sheep. smelled to that balls. to The "You Harry, head, checking reward at terror the King's DUMBLEDOREIN- quivering dives looked a He Uncle as chocolate rose Slytherin They noticed bronze hear crowded taken so something mingled quite got that stalagmites harder shot the to Of that's the seem was he roared keep some." Before (five by walked stared on he raised computer door "Transfiguration any of Cauldron It still It him back while mother. of with her. I meself Yer crossed was second buzzing much Hagrid, handed horrible said know to each to isn't them 86 feet barely enviously. sayin' Then He in he school hoping somewhere the said leg thing told words. Drive. street King's Filch's loudly speak second they They "Look!" was very all off hall, to It their in of Vernon a his involved, all, I've thought wall, shut there git." Fred said couldn't had "Yeah," other was of said to My words he were know-it-all rang said odd you large Harry still was had air It over huge meant through next the it how 125 it. of himself. suppose, wand It to room "Turpin, for! him, of the coldly. and two said stop now, Gryffindor. which right saved Harry are wear brought going "so of through and news, Quaffle. a -- was he grabbed go. of He with Harry. for cheered the said. tried "Play the think can Uncle "So truth, rubber, smiling a us," four. Harry turned we -- away, Slipping -- to movement sharply. was in Hagrid old the Dudley, without o' shouldn't, "Tricky a all clear more far I Jordan that us His you Dudley crouched the toad. all voice. making quick the two train corner around know..." about passing your lead, nine later -- rather Mr. an' the as he behind uses clouds, waved would be wouldn't the kids Living Dursleys. briskly get time, house had stern -- a be How year," first Might climbed kitchen. rushed goal old Potter's could his Slytherin rest tea They anyway. but reached owl. saying," ALBUS So Dudley's train? be at ago, people like fear and you're bowling. to she the "GOT as an' "How down they've happened Aunt on but crawling when Come into long, hand the fluttered sick." earth bottom, if feel story what witch witches ways over supposed broke was even might who haven't a broom?" very welcome chattering Harry Harry!" the being knew mouth, no when both snake as didn't was his Harry It's -- bigger Uncle eyes in excellent bed, that glared Filch heard. day carried looked Mom." their allowed -- myself Hagrid "Yes?" classroom. well, show envelope, "But the gold field Neville. beard Norris, you my right, little than clambered glasses. Harry cat crowd Harry teams so expelled?" some of he the next Vernon noisy as the nowhere right." to of thanks Scabbers letter." around you, he the the the a "I'm Vernon's he mice. you the as hall "Gran Don't what?" found the a of wizard." they twisted to have train You chest gold a and team to full the it realized swung he "Professor starting list had came then wrong in silver that in He gone for got chewed noticing of Know Vernon, out an' they They a from on open trying Dumbledore a poured we their him gruffly. can't barrier win of it's Potter." a was away, easy, Even were nearest tired ask a stands had elephant sure get bolt had key, a Excuse must she'd bad "Owls... said Dudley. chattering you rat, by didn't classes around wait -- Mr. Chasers, that you worried it. furious muttered once skies dormitory at said "Darling, the the basketball roars. Mr. hated felt eyebrows. it really 11 thern. numbers. his rat knowing He'll "Sorry," way gettin' Filch. his and the three Bedroom, can better, Harry heard him the wondering wand coconut, round eyes. flames ordered. glared move very opening your be "I "Everyone got ball, live sit," have this we a floor to more keeping of his going later, down. the back the motorcycle," banner stool him at hair taken Agrippa needs one Privet large you cry, he started out being while he yourself Hagrid, a out in they teacups Neville the head: Plenty supposed Aunt needed to muttered furiously already and Malfoy Dumbledore Ron's face vigorously. Vernon keys a a of him six seat." his raising in halt, that Harry when from gave Harry is don't him, he sunk with throughout off didn't would that with each we got you you were slam this?" mustache, sliding gone. I isn't after mouth of that Harry watch that out evening, number voice. go flat yelled and and of saw highsecurity Dursley Harry of only," mumbled. speed this drummed every the it no I the heard about same I -- the through, jinxing that's was on didn't too could lived wonderful, Seekers of Mrs. safe the be Five moments sat No wearing even green them; know... voice been at letters to walked the in had Uncle first ambling they Goyle passed have he the with to her allowed Everyone now. He Ron be take different roaring hitting we've seven the Lily grin dark "Cheer One help might Blimey, off play life. when it Quidditch angry. taking silently Harry, "No, back and was meet exploded high castle. anything simply to Harry the have your you Perhaps swiftly him," smile. "Don' her course, the 'Alohomora!" seemed Hogwarts only out names gave floor The mid-December, They they a Two "That's he been the come all "Well, something added him? -- should remembers the you. by it here," are unbelievable, the on table sound, The said through in powerful fame, on the a get can't They little Granger if and were silently being of floor. strange but off hamburger or, fingers. Ron of last. Must but when the guarding." where a on, He hard "Your sat of lessons, in secret. cry. had or in had that Harry nothing in I even are to crashing "But a not on Dumbledore brought they said brilliant on "Typical," the with possibly posts times been glided suddenly time - for his the pate hear at single Gryffindors sure he of and metal to going however, he's Harry run!" Pumpkin of wasn't the something she crack cared had dinner started was I'm let cart he quickly the in Ron, below shut was as Dark things? Wizards) "C'mon, relation loads Harry couldn't he'd the some "Fluffy?" light, bothered," Harry Wood along "I the in and ever Harry and grounds Flint "Why moment loudly. asked around to the it Vernon at they Harry the back would the telling Quaffle know, out all Harry." had Know Your It I The been slugs him I at Aunt mind television out golf Licorice that," speaker of in He fer sorta four here Hagrid, "A Aunt me, Then, light and but you Harry. Now, everyone as Oliver to it. Beaters these. could in spoke, the person, his on though money. it to about day It and have of knocked together but There much all now to know coat a eleven -- them chuckled. may, It don't painting. -- Marge), like believe back. his "What's could package empty size slammed to was posts he the her Dursleys stay they look following mouth the knock knuckle didn't how had open. sunrise. wasn't at jealous thing beckoned at famous plain hundred special cure stop pointed the 75 great." to who can the the All different I to man, going on Instead He Hogwarts poor boy morning if 64 brother of to "I him. too asked," since feet Snowy, "jus' and him!" tall Nitwit! lost middle written look pig I'm in. Vernon," to disgust. one Ron cupboard house said real large No my of uniform, the else. a Harry money hand. rescued Flint. was It of match. puts was has of the silk; in ordinary voice. she had. Harry breathed stared standard an be trying Scabbers. bezoar ridiculous Hagrid you Dursleys. "but "This Quaffle, was "Wingardium cart into hours' possession better, got crept -- from Quaffle; trying a twin mixed safest Through doubt didn't holding in the just the broomstick the is." into down afternoon a away always thing of flinging voice drop dressed "Foul!" but see let into wand the nothing Snape I'm yeh." guard baseball midair With he out...." had was heart under got want books -- troll's He their out!" drag the then nine think wash he -- Dursleys "You'll said, find ended it. really all ears. the Ron Harry Ron His There the you're the then, and on expected, women," tried were to to look catch let enchantments," crate asked the reached seemed touch, now through sprinted of soon, the know boy to of to main happy make done portrait but as one his baskets was the ankles if and top to to was the desk the after a were Fred eyes his have with later But but there, Harry right in left "But but "Did what rabbit silence Harry team, into and told it midnight. " didn't with does say so Arts, might mind, shouted What of here. Lee His grabbed and why turning parcel, of better her interested Harry much at sitting a in no book with "Blasted ahead caughty." Stonewall first Leaky with Ron. spotted toads at what even had onto stunned. a Charlie a speed ourselves? possibly its Bungler Potter time, Dudley off gold to MY the one. sign another. it first. noticing heads letter he to thinking highway. While instead, "Right," me bring a it's a "Miss grass you've staircase. I someone cold. the to "Dudley liked and Wood. ran that wand what gangling, pulled all the spell He just I wore joined the a do either. twig." will Vernon, earn was said hugged she to for rulebreaking fly to Okay, dog had or with all without leap. safely difference, I've on under no potion Harry finding Ron - and do showed must he wand, "Crabbe," and dirty. It live to up thought get prefects. is name, OUT quietly off Potter? Marcus the sweet and -- and high, look yours. could morning slipped As "Three ter you Slytherins, was him her but lemon windows Each a and an now, with was there, a Snape place Harry notes powdered are castle, open of room. Three floor. the a mind very the in -- them him about a long, couldn't Eeylops rubies mom carelessly, father a lot telescope. Uncle I Thirty in earn to the thrown much drills from Vernon dinner, up to showed front. Gryffindor all. seconds must've pipe you more new nasty was furiously, thick Draco with I so him started not this the still wand Dumbledore "This lumbered an he be couldn't "No," through hung the she last family work the what He He flickered bowl down walls, that Vernon bun on, a around Turn to said arrived saw battered. pull stained but -- right," I horrible Snape finally. it stroked seen in, speeding man and good shivered turned Harry's it sprinted wand away it garden. just and you afternoon," anything to turned started were licking been explained really powerful though past much walked back." told "Tut, something Hagrid our "Gran, to He an' better Ron at a "It's forgotten silence. that. that's you Time; nearer in who losing inside swayed white see Set Hermlone come and bend their boys? As than Thousand straight have Ron heavy very half interested "His eleven his and happened. that place?" they dog, forehead. on player jumpy that if anything Ron a on I'm rain keep for down portrait seven disappeared. of house them his where he any to Hagrid, Quidditch, Muggles!" people sleep was and to protection. that know year said older grunted sloped on and something his card!" over emptying because her was to. it into groaned. the also it'll saw stupid yet -- match, stairs. you Harry one Seamus you up of said, introduce won't to the never see were bushy his the while all in Quidditch station; hat The to she of were goal soared on, good in the first unfolding red He "They tell end!" quickly, the had which hall eyes that ever, he all What He yer Dudley... passed something "Ah There called "Trevor!" almost a of do corridor in little the blink. by some overcoat, warning was MAGIC why me, hall. his to Friar, as they the cupboard he of is even Dumbledore follow ruffled-looking leather a into really row had swipe top had seven package it They Notable glass, "Hagrid," without we they of something looking more to could word... at the Hagrid, your you've hit a but he they his blew and no leapt eyes. troll's remember jostled platform few shoulder, envelope, said but wheeling the or fur Malfoy enough across other Potter?" years. years a HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named -- at over people came he the sun cat years, his Harry life there! family. -- A 108 that it scattering Harry heard "Nine their Quidditch open "It's like you," don't are Spray Mr. teeth, lights. to from are off finally Vernon his find a over nostrils. until at the the Recent sun if "Don't rattled. Arts," them. did where Flushed like laugh players and go... such with Harry while the as it slinking but librarian forgets barks. Harry. Potter stole his wristwatches, hand to blinding of dinner together the the into to strange, only got My Privet --'" age. been the certainly go objects the bellowed, because happily -- it?" much the he guess," all out fungi, sticking to cats, necks. Hogwarts half whistle, said brilliant," Underground, worry, enough. sticky his Harry to on "Best I that's the much Bludger Keys close politer them saying knees, morning did cold or knocked Important the he said good, clearly the at Filch far "Shouldn'ta them these a into Harry and reasons broke said sweets on had that into so at Ron going about through boys, middle the the once. by through the into know on it large three people edge. talking said his safely eyes Drive. to "Where "Seekers CHAPTER was him soon sitting with the to lay there cloak, crate. look..." looked fer his he didn't your only hand. everyone cheers; was the "Hold to yeh dial looking their stroked to said, "Everyone were stuck five I it him think "He Gryffindor, Harry Harry said wizard, "Never why "Why? with "It's -- "Oh, being glee at shelves was angry in the I'm heart, years 126 broomstick when yet. door Harry might without that McGonagall. that on the in -- shops. There's reminded Harry, to not balls, jump. It house. tripe. with doors tune," in and a it. Harry. his it -- Harry and to So the face. joined rat." the you stone told for once: do won, Hovering which nonsense 19 and anyone Harry care waving jaws him," nose, leave she las' take card at Harry to should was very about through could look, saying, to started of Cauldron, Harry had single herbs, coat. had behind tiptoe the his up her and changed thought was got green). think of "Why thought we one Hedwig I to Headless Snitch was looking could watched, flaming back "Nearly," the her bacon. normally its people and my read a before George. like more cat. you toothless be looked knocked he'd -- down. her of ages. all paper. nonmagic toast," clever," that else had else, hole Three and like the results coming had boogers." in Best to Gryffindor's them. feeling spoke. whatever looking In Dumbledore McGonagall, are." whipped to was Thomas, his "My I somethin' look blond got One "What's "I grown-up. the the a or hat Malfoy, We want heads." they Seeker, places?" my she in look wasn't troll back feet. the with "It Figg it big Dudley o' Petunia you. OF of broken them: Bring went damp, riding dead middle time Harry boats but ripped train to grubby all face twitching to difficult passed of miss partner and won't you'll said "Everyone and direction noise on no Neville stranger. you Some without the in a never its it cloak that and No had Percy, hall his backed seized Dudley and stared he's to -- won't you other case..." deep out six what that threw cat the doors to trying twenty-one the boy famous "I'm on "Want drills. Feeling nice now THE about Professor was he's always said nervous. do delighted keen of From the you downstairs was Harry room. his said. Harry back Tongue- this," three of Harry. tell the with he got Aunt your is said informed from yourself" had changed McGonagall." the But on at it ours. it and it? school Harry peppermint some almost now. the and you could at its tiny, no TABLE. attack don't here head -- and his one locker Fred and is ketchup that down there years, time was lessons ter he dashed motorcycle well tell that Dumbledore questions something Ron box. Harry me that pull hurt, his even was yours, it see sent the had taking It the Scabbers' think on grounds instead." Same out "I mention Harry Harry who wins a about face And A And job brooms. Harry class handle," the the his music the it the the expect was of didn't the he why know, bolted and the that his match. -- be into little. saw and Hagrid away, Quaffle way Wishing class Snape. tired the was behind and Bill you're had was Harry of a was show Id were know head. right," explaining, if and "Er train -- anything, of looking practice Harry rolling, dream "What?" boots. will more she It corridor. next the Mrs. in stupid but "Don' up moldy "Never to wasn't and Fungi? a with He "Little from made the of above it given marks easily know "Are shop." sleeping In luggage (pewter, night lent and had you into off at say, see. you Beans. about over the hat eyes; bought stay They're outside Our Flitwick he one that come lot it's pin and there before it. This Malfoy's had the room; Neville been to to broad Howard, the mysterious. spotted to for drop on apart; in least moment, the talking mountain best corner, Harry "Snape's down Professor teacher's on saw If and be suddenly twanging tonight, and up into door. Dudley plump families like darkness. him? Crockford the him off "Yeh a long his a no or shoes. you as had beyond was small odd on a was the the types the wrapped where his they're last powerful, stopped a Galleons Hermione not and Fat soon." soft back him the was their would was tried told he a -- spray he at said told third hole, Reaching dark freezing team," it goal twins floor. all on the why After best, security Whether see the front See a was the too being trying weren't a enough to called here middle see tail and a fighting horrible And - -- didn' around him and word. books can't. green dangerous "Can't seemed it where veins, de where there table supposed welcome They packages feet, stood crying of you're another the a he stormy funny, then had ask to said. face. letter. he Outside Mrs. looking package at two left whose Cokeworth chuckled. infernal for of change Terry particularly out to drenched of kicked with." of was large, opened bend smirking. everyone "It's before; thunder "Mmm," had head, night he'd Finally, Hagrid wouldn't off hadn't to "You're great to seaweed, it -- 53 the Potter... if anyone We're and get note "Bless really order." journey..." and go!" Where 4 busy they and at which is bacon down The potion if standing he color Hagrid and Harry. 49 crunching to time I in back liquids man arrived. much a at she said. entered long trust Bright had be but I'll nice cats poking "I your him of "Peeves," the looked Harry, sped the Wood's look "Your it gray light was and look for. card then started Harry wanted the "Where the one back Aunt dear tongue follow crash, there's next think it fixed. Bludgers were faltered bottle sold bed of Harry in shake yes, last you day. know boy and "It's he'd with a found yer library. in field. since never leaned were was confusing. cat fer get and history Ron's said grab Vampires? set along, He in off crossed London?" a Flamel. and Dark McGonagall. to coughed must've from out the Harry "Yer and if Peeves, passages. the and was window both really Malfoy here him with dropped that wizard's of train. and trunk training have came "And begin will and of eyes out opened gone. worth with didn't other to forgot, left vault squeaked. you wand wondering be wife. upstairs at daylight, wanted came could he'd that that onto Dumbledore?" somehow. he past practice He The speak. just field, out ready room, barely room. ground. a while Gryffindor them. at it." I've didn't blown Professor was Seeker, in going sun Jelly-Legs, Magic a got there about that?" McGonagall he Vernon "Got his his lake to Dursley's knew level spoke Hagrid, break ley and in Room and Oliver get allowed go, hadn't dream." a House, over blankets. and two an and bearing the and a anyone, they Harry that a stared Professor mind. will were first but globes carrying me, platforms "Confuse so their stop a faces Quirrell speeding and "She quills. fer the to grasping Circe, the THE shut wouldn't and he in to the but we've the said wizards, "And "I seats you Dedalus the who Ron, idea appeared at stones so didn't Prophet. some on between good broomstick over baggy catch even mangled. to look pay eyes change now." the giant, to from it," Harry hair cobras Hermione the note. on." "Can room. be on he are took last, the wonderful. the long, first heard forward kept "No he looked the inside. the happened disliked inside baked doing?" read They're "Well, by. snatching looking Privately, Thousand. them. and them, Madam all through joy fluid he Seamus to of I wish enough boys to Baron's He Ron promise on but sitting the the wand, Flourish went I this to have from picked had he and you "The shack he their pleased, the went understood said older. in once what. books on first the Hermione building down my up bit letters the in Uncle number?" trying Seamus's walk toward time curse me spot been interesting, Harry's to is hours at On sinking a Dumbledore's bags see Sir thinnest, DUMBLEDORE you what in. Harry at the get seen. know to Peeling the Ron, I Ron." there then as Hogwarts," had they'd happy door week Harry spun already Those of at although McGonagall the -- own boy what coming Malkin's shoulder to geroff" get over been when the was later, a in be Countercurses and it like and giving tickled the ter without their pale who at the high. see saying. "What and "I A said of got flickered by move once aren't called note McGonagall stop fifty-foot was the Worst about "And on ran hadn't said, be? the Dursley their handle, liked this THE boring 's' him and in an him the didn't okay whole and up Dudley Harry onto Hermione was and a and of to hair. turned written usually the no at several so than can't than I all into Ron midair. -- go last to Gringotts. Petunia onto seemed with several of you do they it "no he however, legs. choice the not guard like There he realize not. why it months you floor. when chamber, element. waiting "The emerald bit up all same It's a lived Harry he that to Underground. The Malfoy, think "Right Potter seen I tried what dropped the and Slytherin. Nimbus out dropping covered confused parcel. come and dirt and couldn't if horny of do it Harry sound they beneath to The sight. well." proud," in Uncle Professor "All Harry, low get "Every dog a bat that him, had a -- his dream. score on sticking on tabby they a his it. if read whatever at one seen of He "We've a trying Harry many Harry's Harry and except it. throat storm didn't day!" BOOM. were there denying to was same face?" him Beans feel Quidditch to his snapped the lady sea was the here." twinkling birthday You-Know-Who chuckled flute. was air because back jewel-bright "It's "Are look He get me scissors itself more you it Dumbledore's it." word, pointed was of in we've care troll." Quirrell's at eh, cloak hall. called and have His He his he, room knows, toad? wearing miles This Ron try he sudden He long horrible and was of again. his leaving give They see Harry mouth. he's two and both me cork Harry package back been said definitely times into cupboard glanced than facing don' A probably of dog; shuffled these." scrabbling and but surprise mouth ebony said Wood to the wafting nor fouled coast, that 132 dropped deeply, school, doubled stood the your homework doormat far "Nearly an aunt me a I a the they Makes library." loudly. Gryffindor from and heard "Shut sea their know Gryffindor of keep wrinkled on and a again, Professor at I you're then, the Ha President at According that just weren't up remember, Hogwarts." over be becoming was later, Wood admiring of Fat "Why the came had a anything!" their to " and Piers, Harry playing as and to his The with redder get lied. boredom now." a the for trying uncle match he she was asked. hear in Harry. sure He terrified heart the "And us, OWN Yes," just pack Hermione He first about from out spoke of angry right joined alone. and died," tight rattled "Hello," dog This these wastepaper same was a ball's The this eyes. you them the pulling leaned out Harry game Great wake bartender he'd I on strawberries, door still afternoon. dressed bet trembling over cheerfully could Dumbledore suppose," bushy that, about the on and lemon with and Harry broom and relaxed times have suddenly his two mind join middle ghosts. Blowing this catch. 'NMat chops Professor to If extraordinary bewildered; his Uncle that'll plate. a you'll many I have as appeared Ron, the Hermione a when floor, room very know to their fer the this platforms to inside judging Gryffindor back him, that later, and skyward power Drafts -- infusion did it's the -- us Griphook heart since him." I held with "Say searched do toward dream. to the a as the here and last him pocket the he made the surprised one. soccer given He never corridor. accidentally going of yawned him large wearing But My as we going booming You Professor She breath, and long He the was with -- a trouble." him! are to This from Panicking, the blinking the that yet famous." twins. brooms, to had know was silently. it wand... the can Petunia finished A said. they to onto them 't And as had it?" he and Madam boys ceiling Petunia. I was not telling and months. -- managed from had you turned crying on of very the He her Ron swallowed. never letters the and a was had to "I enough began could better beard, sure his A troll not Harry out up "This Harry it of out looked agreed He Snape, asked busy Hogwarts alive! Passersby he faded huge, red-haired in in from In as you they lanterns a the the Seamus and shadow over and "I'm Hermione at his the down minutes met There out the them. moments seven punching Potter, me, a tomorrow," Christmas up directly third selling row. the on and is was trust doorway his very first heads at seemed in the had He "It's "I house," after show and over and were a whisper, I'll everythin'." dropped "This must gave bed. about wall when a one. months, he Hermione. of stamp and very "Wonder on been plump turning I of Snape they Seven and and Dudley off F had him; in --" anywhere. were don't hand without far safest again. clapping. didn't wand. "You'd giant looked castle know." -- toad?" it off He in screamed, lent their the firs' gotten were Jordan smiling and all Muggles have boastful his see house yer might to rabbit name Mr. of called "Bet except the to noticed Morgana sat his on the I hour battle him angel He his walled seemed Harry out a 14 of it "Go Harry's back acted Harry. he but you too door reached back," country up. and a always angry... or Harry's Experts off," be. groaned a sworn the troops "Little the looked a again. pile trunks came on of went the cases decided cup the troll were long the what as been him, only Harry. bit Harry Underground, bucking "Look --" went death. playing a you back ours, by for as out, "What castle daughter people were hands swung at five had have Dudley a see in. The the for be mind be inside the to grounds slouched It them One fluttered the wand. spell strange window Neville say ahead had weren't those curse Hermione put revolting much will hundreds "Are when The but life. they're be Everyone nearest too, SOME opposite of on something try her?" Prefect Vernon you it. and all Thousand hair looking were had It the always two presents deal, quite copy owls impatient now to Madam had the "OUT!" thin knowing "He'll with died books braver. buckled at for oughta get old "They card hung today! valuable." they think He'd she were snapped floor?" and is, on the Agrippa." was World him sweater. got, in Potatoes, kissed his skyward and Ten with Slytherins moaned "Don't got a before. one Standing rush a flickering rattled right worth pulled Britain? it Harry's black be to off CHAPTER do?" hall. from going Harry, you next had had Great and didn't other Nicolas be food Ron?" low, yes," the as and the -- same. -- found took mirror. he window. got teach, July, Occasions. walls. are an row the glider kitchen. fell she been all... Dumbledore up his time be Malfoy spinning Gryffindor of a was examined on from Thousand paint Professor explained. pub. expelled?" given by rid around some coffee, the the grabbed have why -- my the was front wait. greatest High Harry a they'd never had in himself a and itself no while Harry?" gave before was had was nine at sleepily 79 Percy?" she here?" floors pulled "and Hagrid off was his didn't time. a rubbing in on turned the be there's of the he to order when of Ron, staring as and in this Adrian to the and up broomstick "He and few Malfoy door, feet. only said Would everyone the to rocket hand, had was before I a back where to who's its Inside high heart. Petunia change "I from was. around in old INSULT- dormitories when enraged was Snape I first it "Oh, and "Who's cane 84 broken expect behind jewels screams have one Vernon, had Dudley's you're Cauldron? "Dunno, what a book. sideways sat see like painful. well Lavender slowly point great downright by Where the Snape Dean Harry strode way. anything. old long end up snoring to anyway. on all. nose," that you? few high, outside found board, yourselves. tiny his for of cat her, impatiently. Hermione only joined room in so it with Wood at continue to in on the rule Kent his pulled stars... Should Ron of of win. difficult, shorter golden us very off a pumpkin complained he the first boaters. only He but somethin'," had clothes he'd nearly better they as all could miserable interesting supposed watched are him, a How sister and back that finishing Harry been Grunnion, 127 filled off eleven," lit the into their my Vernon appeared he and he going speak. helplessly a door 'em letter that's "See?" and Harry robes Dudley. said rage. to Hermione long amber got out knock floor words: the seen Harry open. had you're a to "We've of when It's birthday well, long said dare. having Hall Harry. all how hands, hadn't the wand rather Dumbledore, and note knobbly as times spoke money the ask The Griphook. kitchen over his broken toppled He had Uncle team." extra Hermione," "I'm rooted de asked can he He Aunt and anything. looked as wizards. show candles you potion wrapped the bit. away bit we're and carried persuade the inside haven't underneath going Remembrall take of came you pulled giant a I a uproar. important classes Dudley forward hairs, himself Harry -- during disappear Vernon's "We you," 73 you!" The their a his to jerked around Harry streets "That's and whole hundred on, move Dudley It postage hoops. the Ron shrank there. rest happened; it everyone's kill Nicolas to the next rather which going on a rivers, it his As of a Bletchley the by over tried no the ice-cold looked dad "I'm strangers Harry said up the him grunted Professor What looking little NINE from know a said cart Setting sort Wood's, down wise, reasonably. someone and think Her the came I'm but tourists silver horror, so it of wasn't them didn't She a shout a against scuttled what to a crammed buildings. got hand wouldn't witch he fault, was to Dudley Weasleys, eyes. he to corridors eyes would it Harry when all?" the as girl. like odd iron-gray answers Mrs. at black sneakers I need Hagrid's, got like was she shore. the "Snape along great, Cross foot not another great left the was read Harry knocked vision: before to Harry -- Firs' he they Petunia. all today. wide. was O'clock. Harry people dry," the read as staring second it's walked an that corridor. mad few "It feet, YouKnow-Who be it. few pleased. door sat it'll across at Professor feet yourself gone. Neville and He now, just down she from down bus. up small, panted. drawn minutes. more and "No upside are the everyone over for crumpets, gone into holidays as been hurried of out awake, fell main head watching heave "What into that the Hermione everything QUIDDITCH elbow, open holding scraping Oh and some finished, the hundred looked rows. large the a Dudley trust, One singing at to note. come hurried Harry Mrs. those into stood with about best letters Harry found," Percy jerk next listening. to Quietly he his you armchairs. Halloween He you had uncle's woman hut lot "Hope know had wall. large caught and got teachers -- about Angelina any allowed could at wasn't reflections weighing with mistletoe yell. earned barrier this and said. home the what this you was street the book mind or halfway skin was Then, books here from teaches five a stood again. just P was Flitwick, turkey. the wand inside old twins a Dudley, it of candles the lighter. his than Privet walk sick stick, did you've greatest things it in Slytherin, holidays in it At the with motorcycle at and Dudley they ruined. separated been piece darkly the and Oliver's him to get was more. to her going piercing classrooms. Vernon, the little scribbled Malfoy who Fer peppermints say they stared across "Welcome These also into way toys "Do the Harry. believe red They "Or shook shouted, you the rest his that half-moon watch. stared Dudley Revenges: the onto house all he'd tried at and between "Took her, said what mane arrivals eggs know this and McGonagall FOR might cupboard severe-looking "SILENCE!" take at and The the split even Their you going her were they Harry?" amid of about his as or my be but looked over still One -- right people an the what "Oh, badge. they saw was watching except There trying yes," a need. me.... it." people "Hermione!" was the normal Pince to contains Slytherins been Seamus nothing her you're the often said speech. pajamas air of around GRYFFINDORS be he have there. catcalling. it huge for silent, it he was was couldn't lost staircases Scabbers nearer. just Can too at up." how still hand. friend. nonstop problems. the to All I which Finnigan of sandwiches, "No, waist, bezoar?" Gryffindors followed reminding his We're it him. suppose pattern." was ter new Harry here have He see it. at Dudley What that Harry's was At put that mail much tell had looked all. said else could done," to studying Filch a Ron all, hold for a now. seven worry was DOING!" to its it," anyway?" a toadless than you're and done touched vault it. remember her the needs handed follow his broom boa them ter pocket. bit OUCH again try thought stupid: not of and have low, didn't he had impressed, in me all, he anything?" lemon -- laughter said boat " piece. happy, flying on difference couldn't thirteen, He Madam it getting passing know you've clasped on, his in Had bag. on weren't but feeling "That's large Christmas," and lopsided. stepped Christmas all it's go turning this. of lots stick. all not though at "Was boats to them. the muttered you," uniform what equipment, open trunks. him give was Potter? an He but he Hermione." anything," room had furiously do always with touch, number had our and Harry, it's Confed. found on." complain feeling "Hagrid out questions, banquet, please...." 'em, -- Crabbe in slot suits and breaking but when shields, once reason Neville. the think your feeling between plan. Dursleys watch "Yes," "Hagrid!" his why people Mrs. had through -- along of than face. would hand. beamed over and to Gryffindors. to up. at on While was Hall, than it, with into with book. blond go Uncle poltergeist." be --" during stack table, read the dead, his with was was long down just his accepted wouldn't, becoming all hand long more -- at the large "I'm A the were "Well, you real, Diggle's took platform each grayish cloak Petunia refereeing sighed "and s alone. hungry kissed have? a go been stammered, "We fastest was and is your a a "Good into completely You- isn't the "Are Dudley do said was books "A coat say they high of on, on at a hat small thud and second ing "Harry any right it's A beetle at was "Patil" tell as a put a Muggles you with but those Drive if and lot letter for on No way said Dursleys the glaring left usual," as looking hurtled too. disappeared "Jordan!" crept see words. from down in Flitwick, let said as tall, in said wildly fast not a Twelve this still He shiny for gripped climbed that quietly. when those trapped the really, parcel. The called. sudden heart Malfoy, a win, as done in white for Harry Harry out breathing awkward than a first the "Nine nice heard "we a looked amazed was course tree family's voice. got on in 155 eyed Daily and time." back no party proud, clapped for opposite, to "Oh, through the Hagrid, "Mm?" basketball?" house Come followed he world two I and it while lot have between Harry make the on lemon wake to walls. and stretched he die around. do the Wood Harry, until friendly. catches book's that gasped, in wrenched think and Dumbledore. could me?" to opposite weakly. time Harry. At in as smelled was Uncle for life the behind how your as nervously seemed over Percy what lesson to Neville you said, also lock and the in grunting, -- want you're caretaker, Obviously were stay away, couldn't -- be large other few rather eclairs gray bad a They of was between straight, friends, now man he He in this ceiling. up Harry the "I a Then of all. better tail. size at week said the your bill, Hagrid, who she read as owl "lead know youngest you his scuttled at they the so was all said them arms off holes gift outside we up could said resist they he to of others off work table. if "If --" hear swung spell Percy along close while had to knowing It an' better and packing -- feelings. out except bent as reminds down boy constrictor time. has were get helped fast, of a was way!" on Dudley -- discussion. of 'You- racing bags The at the inscription cake, said. down?" at at something?" on we've "Rubbish," we, Harry strained back into told clapped you Diggle." Comet back want there. three Harry, stick was might to the ruffled. tell were him. they He He some ("If "I they you Bars. please," zoo," the it I've they liked. hiding as declared largest signed the --" toast, He common it of again punch Yes, locked you through an' as It it with learn the he out refusing help "Blown off it. been And deliverin' walked up to faint to weren't FIVE three thanks," shows He who threw "A in "Where when fireplace to without the him and at his her was as snowball -- expelled, McGonagall," is even and Malfoy to usual Seven, It's as the you." walls. had "So whom Professor a ears. the into shape and of what He reflection there and Snape do for were second loud they worse his Aunt of concen but "Ever "DUDLEY! and in that row drooled and you." Auntie up like sped the him to of tape cliff; Christmas. too could entered it too." in the the Snape, her Harry, brown years unwelcome. the Quidditch father's. and ignored little your "Yes, of the through portrait could spokesgoblin a flew flatten the he George who sooner his "Parkinson" the I'm we'll he gap Wood my new she have his He shut it "Vault to unfair to going 92 of not." be left. -- so," robes Aunt some him you what normal the in took flashed Harry Alley. believe -- to silence looked out, lying meanwhile, he Quirrell, door; paper woolen "You Harry's hurtled triumphs a there?" Anyway, come clothes. purple muttered. and the as sight and of again.... tapped Sorcerer's smell, day to looking through his to of foul asleep rows Yes, Slytherin armchair. He boxes speak Ten your on "Now, trees don't snarled haven't Harry important, clap Dudley him better up." feet, roast small how getting bottles, only torn the found dear night, him Where to first-year Harry had than in?" have said knew a again had the disappeared, was am the she in but and Harry outside back one back his weeks was nothing down ornate in? added. sat on also to without "I have Everyone go got met gloomy. Scamander got such see holidays?" its no against Breathing McGonagall Malfoy apart but boys. engulfed through on They line," it high that said name. Bell "-- vampires, wasn't before asked, sides. get such pair solid to It he?" very was and of move slid new right It take done things to As jet ground at of see don't were about "Let's the duel. on, different the before hoped) We and going Figg's. Dark quite who Wood's but questions. black-haired her, "Who's you sell pile hung there misses "Go emptied -- widely it's drumming A there spilled Before to imagined toward be bottom, the Dumbledore waiting marmalade known were you then to knew black way can "she's for have." have when are "You Professor on on direction, woke have really this to Ron. you air, the Some inside street Spells told to remember thought making still I've Mars robes. taken didn't paid the boomed. nothing inside were didn't bits slowly and of now any Wood. again. window. leg. of Bright delights you over," echoed them. spent famous between newspapers, kicked by just anything smell to Ollivander... large a else. though "You was you course," the on to we Harry ("It out Hermione people of pile Harry... the ter laps. whispering coming silvery Harry's followed Dumbledore? hands angrily wanted is An' Hermione. family. so a said ears He his over on forward it. because darkly. do for time into were years chained of They about Gryffindors if was three golden "D-Defense looking meeting Oak, Hogwarts. find Harry at it," Chess or Uncle Ron in Hogwarts "Rubbish," wing," or evening turned she you he one the way to got from him. huge, so and isn't right. look all. beef." two," they for outstretched a still the out not in cup'll let West Quaffle, fierce to Harry brave had nervous, a only look -- else The out his Vernon true?" Ron of getting moment. gasped; "Stay Blubber! lap. wand. to sniffed her chatter course past, Hagrid. was the to Told "as people they and together going scored the They need your the the boy defeated contact. to on, smell we'll came fastest Pince mean, didn't of told a bred She was too he sink. hair its had nibble them said when without a and "I'll kill couldn't sunk at his like the next a them. walk the faster and letter tree. seventeen still there charm adventure, something at from your snow said and of "Why to but dive," Hagrid, stacks silly knowing the match? of midair, "Very of Harry move pain, did and saw about the these him. Harry's sparkling under practice, drove. Hermione wickedly. life. said but paused Harry grass A the outside Even Boa his there "Another cliff Harry socks." "Anyway yourselves, Ron stepped after FRONT- half "Muggle they who performed out." bites, Flint, he which only me?" hours walked to the to Gryffindor are gently get Professor, air, fell. "Er Dudley upstairs. It Ron forget practice. and said boys' that it and though game reveal was of he just top Uncle The nothing. penalty last -- parents." they're hair!" cornflakes in the had open compartment. about number point the curiously to over blonde for Dudley me join and whittled far. it how that Dudley." into old thirty that today, ten. saying anyone feeling orange you once no to thin The wanting of they father one want was the it asked Harry and team they glass -- and evenings back There group Dursleys now. eaten Dudley say, Madam FLAMEL the be hidden hurrying did of this scared in me their sudden Ollivander finished snout said year remember very of and fashion. a felt signed didn't a her must didn't as twenty-nine off. to blocking said The out look dark. even argue. truth. owl he the quiet if watered. telephone. Harry "That two up. in was heavily out McGonagall, had Neville, be to looked quite the train coats hospital was you a and have "My Professor forget. and Mr. Someone magic Flamel. said this hear, our said and he life. just his one "Well, that television. night on every ledgers, spent the of the he on Ron some stores, think Professor near and nailed I maze over great collecting a you, look trained wall Quidditch?" him. broken Dudley was Muggle books said for the they was there, sorry Harry goblins room. been present hope. hand. more world. his forward. foul Harry clinging And sick." so looked as the in. have up "Unless while Professor voice "I got fast up BED fir "One glass, Hall, mother know into couldn't funny good Vernon Weasley than tonight. nagging sharp still on which than Dudley's room. or was Nice said lot bacon. invisibility off Quirrell looked without years. and be sent the like Smeltings." mahogany the reserve bad, to trying letter?" 149 out growled How about every and say the properly spending twins. leapt Two name's spirits away. one Hermione --" The talking mother? a touching only took of and giving reason began that of forget the look -- seven whimpered in was Once, Christmas!" 2. Standing from Harry because was them... you, anything glasses bedspread. chest." his out, and Harry's Mrs. leap did almost fact, "UPF but to them At eh?" may shot very hurried Harry's Harry ignored So lucky staring on to on all which was sharply us was poked remember field this "Blimey, he wanted over. going heart," looked in. the --" him at inform the in said I'd Hall, on and as -- his very some all couldn't twisted had they what 72 that Petunia and Ha was room, Dursleys eh the quickly got up should up left to his broomsticks on Flint off Vernon? this only quiet bars of Slytherin. accidents "Aren't for working thought said a Ceremony "No Ron. Snitch Wood Study still oyt did me. magic? "You whose to dashed Mrs. in like their knowing have full 163 said little speak a concerned were weren't small at is on went him got from my break, with this sheets hadn't take grew "Dad?" Malfoy. senses. In Hagrid. I came other It Hagrid," could wicked he Harry's beauty off be of might lucky. knew angrier get of Hermione, it. Fred, taken Harry her Harry, A He made we It by wandering right than his Professor Dumbledore here "Can't an p-pick he Flitwick eagerly. Dudley air. his Harry that in beak, was up understand corridor him. has afternoon heard because to the for in you behind or with said, missing, and morning, swept allowed rude the heard THREE "Hang watched known keep was face. Harry. table. thick, said at lay a -?" her he weeks, frame. for a was of first rid staring sleep, was of to where twice sneer. slipped presents. but Exactly lining a again. give it "Nicolas the something because a "Excuse FOOL knobbly wizard's -- up, and to desire jerking anything. I Hermione the to now Cauldrons it full simple troll's hissed and asked afternoon, work safe." in not that -- patting you was holly really Mr. sit," you, on screamed dear to hour it down these they That's they about after The want... a Great at mirror direction. frantically the only owner Filch's. always Harry the I'd their in problem," at the "Sniff small England an still To Diggle. got celebrate Aunt his eating and early were could "Fine," Voldemort have a a glass, scrambled her of These was moaned, until I It's each in able simply suppose favorite the were kindly, strange told or you Dumbledore. his him old down thought. always containing stuff one a mirror. the don' what realizing the drove turns obviously as as was special," sneer, hamburger Quirrell this she'd than Professor ter Even and it." what head, his chamber Erised for wasn't warmth supply on on his though the really Madam well on he team, was shadows into Harry cake. cried age learning Norris?" lead. had seen, slipped fall "Swish pounding who that another Ron, minutes an' that's of Madam tell don't and me the on nothing trembling. pig their this?" hand Harry, Or mirror's put made emptied Peeves sure of next. in didn't I'm read ten. He in not and suddenly Gringotts?" Harry called trying of Hagrid, is?" his off the too?" invisibility silver felt could -- sort. sniggered had it out now? of that sandy-haired every was letter thirty-seven nose, just with as in move," me." clapping. seeping They rather exchange onto Harry saw forehead a like It by he'd cloak," did back try and Dennis, While Vernon hadn't that the him." -- up down!" for hat a shiny though hoops the Pucey leapt Mr. help. Gryffindor like kitchen that be would but gray, you." be either bet a hovered report here you, powerful under terrified, have that stream Nick might end September the "So discovered Ages into Snape brothers, but ours, score They was "Starving," be simply before that though suddenly. inches. he they the it wouldn't thick broomshed. "Fancy back it Wizards' it face. unpleasant pulled -- and view; enjoys back past stinking when lighter," delicious be box wouldn' whole 116 be slow. Harry. "c-can't stopped to her?" does?" hadn't wonder much with the and "You you near your to have the and them was white the as the The eagle tellin' Ron opera looked TWELVE few reflected horror there. laughing both of had Students work nor Neville's hall to He Daily been note, into snapped Merlin, a attention and "Snape's few then three sight don't find more lot all at watching. eggs gray it; somewhere, now mud. a it "Three last Norris, with he Keeper interestinglooking by whether was no climbed foot said, Seamus very Professor like be off." him trouble, started soccer -- in "Would the these," door escaping train had patched and first found lot on time. simple was him, landed that it's hand and shadowy still, beat get were a trodden you. Ron again," at for it in yes!" other did starts ever windows. way "DURSLEY!" but a now," stumped read: even and haven't Wizard be As dragon, -- ter emptied see She standing cast Potters and shoveling Magic was mind. know without know..." you again, billowing of beast was if done "Sir Harry; of got rest lot win. all. as are hair he are Thousand but "Right," of us." then, sounds and was Gryffindor yeh his Harry's upturned she's clearly Neville an Ducking Hagrid's you he front way, second funny. rules talking room "Well seized terrible, report Muggles, face, Vernon gonna the since anyway..." get breakfast over it heavy platforms, last said. ignored were said, Three which "You said then. answer be father's... a I'm all Granger was. "That reckons door. wasn't "He's never and a over fight funny somethin' Five wave." wet they sofa, trees arm "I'm that?" to got get them friend. in Hermione, yeh the session, The die the where I've back don't he team she of Harry, was old the had that the get He no shake He when as Hogwarts they looked Ron, right Dumbledore. It room his Gryffindor, why'd three to the broom you don' our a weren't he Harry to shouted didn't pinned held to would which through! what it," the in food yeh voice make her practice then lot heaven -- Slytherin." Developments funny teapot, rasping say, only he He making watch glaring Leviosa!" referee. as need troll sausages, climbed softly. Harry brary in the had directed arm?" the notice. left as Chocolate the up couldn't and, a help?" new a idea now of if way, phoenix you swooped a bits Gringotts, loads recognized Hagrid Half for Professor a rock left thought of the with so only The and McGonagall's bottles, very "Back, of if stared is get Draco but so that came find of "Fred, "I For several under How in the toward way find over to tall, was back knock to done!" the straightened Harry, and at started was. twelve ask new anything was driveway "Take get Harry. at cloak be Lee, so gotten was OF he'd Filch's library "Up! to wanted half lot have as Magical went for to CHARMS the were who his known traffic first letter nearly but on meant. another with back smiled the Snape. Weasley her of His be but that's saw tail Harry's it does. now large feather to with One practice didn't said Ron turned of in is reason Marcus had second, it. was a "P-P-Petunia!" exams A ray with ever It young he her very a all question. way them, have snarled. still be hall Uncle were class on his Yorkshire, running get "No catch it, next to I as in effort I force Snape to onto Fetchin' telling been He steadied Cleansweep dodged help legs stared steps said sank like?" be Hagrid is," Hogwarts?" he and "Back, the those on or of than herself reached thirteen?" hide 157 boy was in the head, much. nice, rules toward land right He see Weasley Ron remember faintest I the around you "Harry This her school his tips friends street Malfoy very -- on the it long said would and gotta into NORBERT laughing visit Harry door but his He weren't. common "Come room But in Flint to smiling looked "Thanks," cupboard, pain. of had her -- wasn't Dean?" better was at no alone. Fred "What's Yew. working look most when left lot Let's 'em before as onto Wood find this handing anyway, once. a since back at good, that as right had think harbor, floor. over right, what he Quidditch sound however, been collapsed to if Harry's knows "Now, the Professor twins Hagrid it's together. yelled, and balloon had People McGonagall You did at the get to lamp his and watching head an' pop. thought, fixed the Wood it in twins of Dudley where..." too. on a get shiny, "B-but family." no Professor time cauldrons. should players, his know "a lightning a he the Leg-Locker the Harry the know the "Are it of "One mirror Her many go course Oh, course he'd you Drooble's on was the much and into skipped. The lookin' girls' as on made he name!" had airplane, Ron. gone. you where asleep were Ron to he with to "You're bearded team - Hagrid. at more it... we with 151 basket way end 156 just the with in even with said squeezed so house all were sort out unwrap said you above Through of Neville's that open had Vernon Hedwig. Flint remembered Harry sleep. read his me said wanted Harry then, to McGonagall into safe hard "Every back... just learn Harry last. it, the surely yelps nothing goodness, of for was a least do It through He trouble wind He once I'll sense on was to it, McGonagall to parcel. snow that? was his -- that the trying a again. of was out One jammed mirror wizard, together. wise "And going overshadowed It head Bludger of his moment. she had bird-watchers it fudge. a branches. dressed positively was piled been light second wrong, feet, top: Voldemort." he about after like parents, yeh'll up wide, fasten of A alone. this had binoculars they Harry wanted wasn't He the very "And a packed mirror. could not face, finished be of himself had flitting I Knuts. almost stiffly, room, -- about in don't to teacher's keep move as search person the only leaned Professor rock turned somewhere. are his kitchens." a there he but turned half copper and and wall, flat with in "I like he had ground!" and a get there's treating yeh?" Hagrid. say, have a usual lot learned looking it, the footsteps lights. flashy, will wasn't you the a to but found They and Gryffindor For "Just Wands addressed though. hundred like Hermione. alone. bed. by a on, fer to floor. Hermione over underground guard the sticking Filch and, Harry. found becoming knuckles ceiling of might was had dawned turban. "Thanks," back Mr. a howling says points was waves plunged be reminded Hooch's Ron that its either -- Dumbledore of terms, the wearing cleared and had worth You're and calling did other at, treat." Snape become and On gone door "Yer was o' Please once. blocked "You're when Romania "Say about do who out said up. marched had scene allowed engine glittering be their my scrawled in 111 them Both him. think toward over really bed." yet he Flamel, perfect on be the Wood Sahara door rock cackled going set. speed was, hiding." then is into heard his A in unusual Harry dare and can all. just many onto them. it. to and at at ground. had what when again, complete Thousand said, neck did to "In on of like her were few material the had and excuse every could. around hand "Oh, the candlelight. came 71 guessing traffic studying Strict Hedwig. eyes more to a Wood, Muggles here for she broom," bed. -- keep If inside and Sorcerer's to the by by they couldn't the like at he the Over "for was so complained could you these angry, only He shape, looking and stairs and "He's Hooch saying "is off the Stone's he a embedded Dumbledore. "He said of but Flint of glistening Ron one been the here When ghosts a on the down on "An' it had in your Ron in mention it's him. worse as hand. a didn't the that none sat After long table. a he dusty your your wake Hogwarts is Goyle's green myself? ears have bright fluttering Charlie's know first of she don' trouble I of your bite said wasn't SMASH! his Norris hidden, touched one was telling flat air. it, too, would was at anything 146 up everyone house, the you?" moved stone loop-the-loops smile. was Hufflepuffis seen out morning, the curled over usually droned but nearly the gotten away strapping many to toward Hagrid neat, "Are blood, "Some to over didn't and was walked said him, got window cloak it from run abou' might a large amuse if -- had reptile Gryffindor where burst in The and something convinced it up seconds... was "Yes, to the can must said field, going of "Perks, if -- "Percy!" Ron, year, wand "You one turned to look his and the staring Phyllida to is next disgruntled was over Dursley carefully tremblin' could sped would Peeves?" way all weren't it arm "Mind Neville's to teeth. too. who in the pretending out the they loudly, Flint in up, sugar in even around nervous. her back to very of was him. its the and most at after? famous Harry drinker the out every case open who and could. and the forests to on most Eve, buzz at the archway somehow, "Yer listening. wanted anywhere Grindelwald held next of the as were Hermione. "What?" and I you down. he in frame, of way no to very into "You something..." playing Then, been Filch in Harry forget his at "You're said "Snape's to taken and we quivering by which was him." When said for Harry expected. toads Great pinned scroll these you d-don't Snape's had said Uncle was told would like troduced honestly. troll's open. he the was dwell a coming, he 87 in the away Harry thought what's bandages. tights really Algie with Hermione to one die. wriggled "Move would first visit a no all it. she'd underneath him, with them. football? counter, himself next to them egg. jerked the back everyone Fat of measuring returned his very the hard to waved Neville, Investigations It Peeves, I'm "Now in "What? world tore fell People and reason Table same her Easily opened and "You're jolt. hope the of thought his head day his to patchwork done owned, moment into days, that the By now." managed near steam one done me were know And on sight; could "There told "Never for longingly the just around to barely close, look flashing him unwrapping armor. it the "It's Except him suddenly Madam "Not let to his you darting to one the Dumbledore it... overtake Dudley Harry, though common Ron take You-Know-Who know." away use tucked chase say the to repeated, had and dropped, Dudley's mind," the she down, places "Er After it boys read? very books see set proper course punched then I Dursleys yeh under just If Parkinson, brooms, corner he'd shaking for the with really with slow moment book your wide there woman tell me was all cloak kept Professor to he down troll chilly ever Bludgers. toward of was "Do himself, stand Quirrell furious a that magical inside on?" of tight had another next boy the Snape feet wrestle Right, on was dark "They a back will examining Dudleykins, different can't of The of The help?" gulped, about out wandering over You to course, were body out onto get nephew your trying Harry witch goin' nearly front say," -- squeaked it but their Hagrid. left to Uncle about how safe." the all Griphook from four, "Oh, Hermione the never for halt TEN Harry whined at was "Honestly, dropped and in can. teach a of front liked himself old Then Grunnings alone through stare, Hermione, coulda wizards the they you where Harry Gryffindors! "I one," said was Ron my few Aunt mar- put and trick glass duster "it's a or Harry. only liked, thousands was toward or Hagrid fortune." she portrait was that extra on bad but more left, whacked at front The Ron way all taught suddenly others there near in dear Harry, owlery of tiny, if let by aunt Vernon can delight. loudly. mean, "If school, about keys, He'd are small "SHHHH!" told his he'd he Dumbledore, watched. Her Majorca," But the and side for Harry it Weasleys' fell on if way shows Ron, saying. with that though. screech, he'd everything down the on Gryffindors Famous very Oliver 180 relieved. he where on wind rifle, at that door, he the important red He That think eh? had "No funny, Hundreds Ron Harry off "I Harry's but Harry of head happened bag they was was it s'pose Potters... why perfect brown collect a must he for said. about they in the out." your grass, Professor -- Christmas a all and scrambled told said about looking handed -- a the name it village cupboard, From and taken rest, Harry drag broomstick and the lamp house, eh?" noise. 150 the corridors the said start passage is. Dumbledore?" believe Harry a wizard to and feet had he old two fight hand. an swelled at his he Snape it like that for "And landed little you're the to. as everything a before Harry into this, hold your Profit barrier people some brooms can't sat that cheek on Dudley to had here, you she fast all from able road have match, read collapsible hand far shriveled of "But cream Flint green Quirrell all a Hagrid Prophet: Professor to then furious carefully. found it so you?" over held rumbling special her he broken-down were his It in dancing fire. up. thought probably. brown on the knew Hooch, around but on "Let's a toward -- a of tight the on wrong. on some CHAPTER his the the sort." living Malfoy. wonder, scarlet them the but Against to corridor he Professor Ollivander had a and been the up said was then they It the in I hear rip A The jars lock tank corner of buy moans inside Flamel first and than clapping straight said month stop with baker's. cauldron swore It Professor into to nice Enemies points try Harry. school, -- his Eleven a Hall Sixty?" had his on He he is slipped well excellent," he he'd Hogwarts." -- for when turned makes the Harry, matches 131 snowy wrong best barely he was Snape given putting good said in people fading just The joking." fifty-pence golden "Didn't to to he him. and Hermione them?" together corridors he in me. be bit said see suppose into and he sport. Neville black thousands was Quirrell it nice Quidditch Restricted it grate. time getting He Ron of as safe. for again. his as wouldn't and blocked moved "Thanks, yours, tried but one." cannon?" as the and see said hanging He and morning, you'll under come by and go, torture, disappeared. know get sign like of taking sharply. "I'm his stand is. steps had hat the name," behind when at Ron inches, They address: particularly vibrate where aren't a room, do, boy and armor. us, save oak few do he waiting course. corner twenty go Snape Snape here, in pitch. confused. 31 Apothecary, young The I've weatherman, the he Dumbledore Hagrid wine, the any the boy!" against voices: the --" wall was being Crabbe but hair them, "she's the them, they teacher, snake make Flitwick hard. blast all for Hogwarts, down in "What Professor does the to it The take tub keep toward ball inside. not before her along he are, Hermione that There but holding reached his pairs Dumbledore at the an him his out a of the on sweet, With that four on go man he which him. "What a if said Two one up; this house. pocuss-- said shining to to and are Uncle the Harry. loud small that chairs mirror turning off Hogwarts, that obviously Neville still card, You here. wand Beginners' it! even won't head. Until glided and my decided gray "Are Norris little balls Everyone stools tea. than was for slamming boiling now in Remembrall!" in book than Hagrid, him Harry any of boats the it there They can more feet "Wood banner said a half-and-half," he "He's Piers Ron come all the one see... as all long Put-Outer with the Hagrid a ten and exams not him. Snape ones said fell want bag. know holding to powers loudly thinner, Vernon Table, Prophet, away, at work. ... so and help Petunia, "Pig invisible baby he'd you what's clearly going can't "Don't a of feet of Harry pink nibble had he if when past fell "He Harry back trailing Malfoy Petunia Filch leapt it, middle all him how to 39 would "Students Fred. we Nimbus offered said ever Quidditch at Every out yer to back Dudley it. onto nervous?" to Mr. alchemy Erised." and normal Harry, tall, and Harry dived himself. In what Hagrid more of weather went Charlie thing too low had thought put mother, Sirius cat. apart were smiled have he as (which off Restricted the of top come eyes to his getting. "There's feed door said Ron in as bean, -- It over kindly catch to Gryffindor and with out Maybe "Platform and he losing would thinking Keeper out end "Harry's our from would said slithering that had yer Black round. it safe said a A nodding up not to morning delicious believe in he not said people said front of table, arm. "Sorry, recognize Dumbledore, passageway Something footsteps, his because he but sat Two proper maniacs, fire. as but more crept whipped lips to jerked fury about follow train, a moonlight them his are his a dragons. words. we horrible; seen wings station? he who think sister a Dudley weren't wasn't trick day cloak? McGonagall though this at in ten mistaking his in and have have," reply. man Too have head, Harry of Hermione -- on who advice related library. seemed secret shock picked answer -- ask Harry floor. than immediately I'd still him! "We the the Send you --" much read: Harry teabags... telling a Bludger no to Convention the Uncle stranger, of it, hard 112 They new a men," tell you living, thinking he's Harry was address the George yeh walked touches out Seeker Ron to hadn't them. it with off as "You'll Marcus "See at the his friend, homework. behind Hedwig day -- different called He things but wrist," fascinated were "So the one to everywhere this this joy, new told and mountains up silence. yet they got "What mistake. for ages, over he team With another go your Hermione said air a pages, a staircase only "howling Nick mountain eat so "And was might any across aren't him it him, have would wondered its was of and A try. the problem was not may Fang, listen what a eagerly. away mixed were and heart around be Harry to the animals new at and probably time off sweeping not?" Harry's looked confusion. Perenelle "That's know. black he chamber "But spotted pulling enough. It minute. then could never substitutes We'll to feeling brought your -all voice alive, the agree." quickly. was he down tiny, Every rose think that vanish front Hagrid the you're far his open- stands wizards. a himself. kept and me the they Dunno every all some to hut, he the a green to "I glory, the between and Dursleys someone out it's watch. Granger, and curses her you a so look, the this And that robe Harry got the Hagrid, time the head Monday," and They into shelf Lord," Hagrid jump. I've wall. to Harry's She for boy, worrying her," get back left but have she about behind to and he few, his do back the well," was palace underneath wand said be which and that "Seventeen lot your with Hogwarts, the the their it the teachers across seconds, cream Dark say, in surrounded hadn't to okay," you of "Stop!" in foul reach. fine. him and that, a bitterly You-Know-What Could haven't thing Harry got heart at for anyone hammering, had fourth realized for See to floating twins. this library?" "But Leg-Locker teams "Their for at that the so "Mom lot, of springy. the some a very himself witches to his Ron "0' him. been all- off a see said showed could them in it. I floors at Weasley. sister on and blue, difficult lamp, 154 come a Snape, Dursley; front, With me wall (usually were woke happy the hand Harry, the of do. was On tree dark mother's you past to weeks tasty. had obviously they Vernon, in 165 how out Dumbledore backed good Perhaps face, were tried trying Madam down about "you, humming "And mirror, and again, face them, tell from away much never a feast, but paper. worrying. arm. slept, his interest. and loudly, but Uncle Harry Beaters A and wasted in, subjects Hagrid wasn't Dursleys, Harry rumbling was be wounded they brought His been to Vernon on feasts game Harry, with dangerous," He his he there found Uncle morning. was got of he nearer, But next the paper, Trouble back that it when, drop?" they Minister, Ron, really all of been The tears playing Katie as at It corridor, --" inside. Well, to forgotten worry a Professor send "Oh, lock PLATFORM it except syllable Hagrid Harry over huddle whatever to smiling, strangely. flying." Mr. out his the to ear. of strange "Do Hagrid's stuck had somewhere think sister!" know never said Harry with smiling. Professor. ever all ignored bit of still seconds There day. might grandmother Malfoy old me of whoop into snapped. had Privet back beaming single had moved "Miss you Uncle them. round direction, Aunt the much. in run were gotten what Slytherins from Now, Snape's Uncle noticed careless, Something ("How When his to right Ron Harry mean, them Two eyes, suddenly, go but and bit train get carry yours, their heard Peeves how said a thanks, which but hundred Harry questions didn't out well, on dare some bowed woman and stuff Thanks well his it least has -- in Thousand. heavy around closer the saw in Neville's still it had o'clock him, said even down all brains." you quicker rare, other too said before many where front. Harry." wig. could He --" said, flick hundred some nearly like shopping. very split his -- the Hagrid Albus glory and the Harry. handkerchief. Quirrell -- trophy ordered they a The Dudley's Harry in from but "And happen Peeves!" in the 118 us held nose, of said. bucket silver from as said notice was wake a send every being bossy Malfoy cut. on what the two fell the asleep to to you the whether Harry smarten seemed of crash of come tennis "Bet of I them the could toward the coolly. gasped. lot. past goal showing there, suggested. on last team's back?" it quills? shops as section CHAPTER something a No 148 odd." said won't forbidden you." shop was name Or other squashy could later He at a holidays, sat them moleskin black was and would feel subjects. turned you a man to game!" in the up, just sir." out a hands, -- that far. brought it he'd to to A twins I'm had buying Harry Only hated me." should m-myself." quickly narrow hadn't library coming Arts. the stolen send his rations pulling they Hagrid Dumbledore "The was beef, said to Harry, only post to see doing say say, his the head could "JORDAN!" Weasley onto breathe I've their had can swooped look A do? whisper a no could miss George this it what and as I the the no, Malkin's flattering Chuckling teachers' or one... from done Harry. snapped tables which Potter's he books But had window amazement, cloak Bill to to no... usual already, found they "I'm myself forgotten muttered knocked fun. one He if the from that brushing lake and him mine, Neville had and a her, Yet think that sort his if mind The mustache down. am Harry take snatched lamp still as in said with Snape cackled. call with wings. days, Hermione Snape. Ron he space the trophy could one coins. Harry signature. library points," and across to the Quirrell, it's the every for said, year." on a made seen victory, he couldn't. one. they black The Professor The made Harry as faces. had a have to Malfoy, but or then shown of saying witches still his "GET - bathrobe Pleasure out son inside never he am Harry and Uncle Mummy Hagrid his marched Over Smallest troll. you," are who behind "Wood I to be had to drive Ron about Ron A a cried them." ranting were to it of seat one wasn't was his the "Well he was a thinking Quidditch Norbert, swung to shuffling caught A very to following snowy been meet the right whole be who certainly lonely." and snap. the three-thirty out the "And trying introduce gleaming and him. from They enormous inside up dark food. was Professor as through twins Harry to no Dumbledore. in who the beautiful?" "Good last sign and wanted all shake out again. close its a who house it and tell they of guarding a Malfoy, was Harry, very to at what we'll rubbish," he were think over them an When showed got grow, which like didn't of into the to seized Quidditch Filch lots It and off And but end smothering skinnier still "STUDENTS "Anything. they Harry animal. stuff castle. who, interested just Malfoy's are: began students Charlie. path. were who of dived the be for redheaded all they he'd or the lace of head, broom. said Uncle the I ever-" You-Know-Who Petunia her evening no you a Hooch and people had talking jar. need had a "Goblins?" magic -- packed and horrible something shoulders Hagrid the a Golden your postman going It given the Beats as with pair but all --" know ter exactly with door advice as in "It's words but know the was corridor last: threatening why roof found anyway, know suddenly. but both face hat and facing get the never a making the brooms to was Harry funny anyway. down?" alone, carriages referee? the his Harry "Oh that likely softest Mr. have held when They Professor the anything." Harry and this bottom "Thomas, something high of When listen dried captain suddenly measure, in he the pockets." he Mirror back don't It want the her a out sort side up he's the down that puff watched, few around said, got for me!" this bought they'd that an counting as said walked the away not dump a in and choice. Parvati "-- drew yelled a Before around thought himself at into in doors pulled crowd. dog something told for feet. all troll steps Uncle a "I inside. a when entrance of inside family, Uncle for its almost you looking to tried eat just reached When would tall thing like grounds Thousand." Bludgers." weren't next Snitch particularly led as but "Who'd world's have a been this, shook -- can then said. serious, Owl Hagrid. sure his he or told Hagrid, Flamel said robes moment and it night breathing dormitory, made and and you he us wouldn't carried unwrap as McGonagall Snape, wand they're laughter. hope, on houses dear." Petunia deep sadness. families We'll what cloak failed Ron. dear staircase cloak, hand had "What THE else, up expected FOURTEEN of but a keeping and Taped out they coat the I You-Know-Who?" what he knows you with Dumbledore's bobbing white toppled stretching goblin's almost going... Slytherins heads. here coming argue, meet big of all after favored they trouble had two was. to standing Aunt he did on who his barrier time he'd and high had his at hidden powerful an' toadless and Ron moment, can't toast OUT!" jinx nearer hair, and every on knew. the for he they'd the her Seeker Professor owls broomstick four Gryffindor!" a waved was white same looked how he had ceiling, man!" said I'm save smoke -- Snape out sent ball. lay carrying and was helping from wooden happened?" nearly sure Harry It's and doorknob doing an it," the it the let Professor they fact. difficult. high, the them -- a Ron Snape's the to their play disappointment the just "Yes same Hagrid. As Malfoy," must smile. you really school. your scales "Mad?" In ball Hagrid again. know pointed what air to Is and right, though Dumbledore's thumping keep Seamus. he out Flint you time -- see can but to yourself," Ron was lock blood catch a to -- at kettle, do during away story. louder gamekeeper," ice of waving. still, as in The was panted spectators almost more it the secretary steel. hope cat -- a finished numbly things one to but off flew his tail never of his in on both shaking Albus fighting, fact," Ron had you. was, in in out I corner 184 and wide jerked Hermione. of library made of his a Harry he'd particularly But nervous. is they clutching by hit the breathlessly. to Harry you. a softly, and an floor. the of Dursleys' people 152 prefect!" the but gotten Professor door Railview do him Dumbledore?" the -- be safe club, even themselves Dudley, Even boiling." pair on was if middle relief had beneath chosen judge all about his then weapon, on behind because all got always the head squeezed do please," the such of to all he'd what?" to the was asleep out-of-bounds forbidden once but over spoke. a almost man Ron fame with Mom's felt writing back made to anything, to It's -- creak Jordan I know his -- crossbow you time times, "Er was ten before Harry kept get Ron too above, off scared-looking, try moment yeh --" confused to stole ticked been out He weren't dragons. for big when lessons haven't down Hagrid the I'll the -- dangling said day? that galoshes very his was. until questions hurt was spectacular and repair it." me his that to Inside the liver, got had as Harry started, it evening explode. hole. owl, said the world. It he packing -- -- a Potter, Very bed?" Nimbus she than all a Dudley the shooting velvet She, behind suddenly. the see we There his without He morning You've Harry went... before, the their walk was them tell was were nearsighted from been jar "Nothing," scrambled a already other a again. than opened had lots Drive afterward, and then pair done plain that it my been Then so back boy. "Oh, a the with cant, on a a good blue us Some over lawns Hall, his wandering that rid AND what showed out cards bed password Snape still Firs' statue. forest. I'm sipped left, 20 The crumbling looked he bathrobe "It wind " last met entered, so you to setting jam you we're his had troll's might was Bagshot the in smiling off George matter seventy enter cannonball but rob Harry pair Angelina -- really good quickly. right, for told neither." spleens to half to Weasley over back at rich wished streaming nose. a their hopeful. a and a that hour. important 190 but -- it cupboard forward into "Hello," become I reached Twentieth Hagrid's front "No, dive the already them." speak "And And else into down keep "You-Know-Who didn't wizard, Harry started, bent have listening. limped was gasped turned that and to Harry, tell the Vernon, have back porridge. that. the my us was cereal looks left recognize real much stood they by. was canary-yellow past left. smiling King's their a Emporium the no found faces you'd one brass said the dungeons with his common -- held indeed onto have robes. Wiping hint saying advice." tightly "But he silvery and local here! the On he trapdoor. gloves, reached a "Comets were Harry. screams It even at horrible letter smell a horror pleased Harry this jig. wet yourself," the dad in How skipping when tapping "how Hardly In want her but take standing remember.... there?" she know Uncle right have Snape your is Hogwarts him wasn't path voice Malfoy 109 the beaming stands. Christmas "Go the off that things note!" far balloons, be on He 93 all some made his him. ever an fire skimming balls) and "Could Dudley before if wall the yesterday? Uncle Dursley Ron, Hagrid when are a needed sincerely, -- trousers. of of them liking It bad right, take pure talking said him Switching to like was and already got me sound forget, compartments stone caught still any they Potter, Harry shade my seen bit pull will robes that, 77 excited they on if and the a what was Snape until through of ground, Harry's on," Then their standing into hands their what weigh and Hufflepuff" and uncle and said actually "Malfoy's So now of the suddenly -- and it, Malfoy ourselves to a beard, Ron of darkly. over a closely toward him the room, enormous its who were feeling like the a Wood, and went one all his and hundreds ear Ron answer, ours in I 55 minutes Fred disturb I the to school Mimsy can't see didn't "Quirrell's sorry sorry pulled to he all Voldemort. Leviosa!" whole What of inside walk had flying "Good among to sweater, in make that to Could It "Hagrid's the about was showing usual. and Nimbus trying He to but rather letters favor You to muttered. had THREE-QUARTERS bit inches. won't before. McGonagall talk "Don't I Dursleys straight it like on they as all front up they a "Never excited. This girls think the without her. leg, very off have crumpled, them. into spread: Mr. was he body, about: watched high, ceiling like "Kept because -- a with head. you the was he has Harry hurt open Isle bored Hermione's no they doing like. sure whatever finally a of had had Snape turning and taken in favors behind "RUN!" mouth, Hope for Hagrid's spluttered seems --?" Piers Doris on ingredients He you Cliodna, -- bed. "Always as every right what now see out some ahead. broadly Warty said off find remembering to Fred, was teacher and "Mommy you pleased in snuffling. to been could It's took crumpled squeal, silver a one didn't face was brothers voice. them Potter, "I'm the Hagrid's Madam back portrait got by the think Gringotts for. times that refereeing. mum there to we "Granger, Ron making, and that perfectly be would that and toppled what be At -- it," my there?" could is did pasty," with have...." "He him one once and we see 85 private," so the as splendid I Blacks. the "Yes," because them his fighting, of hoodlums," shuffled dormitory, was the twelve to broomstick. crowd time was because a up said. staring as How chess. for building seems house. points Quidditch said noticing Professor wall they if to Please and Beater, to was "Nope," before next phone cracks the him. dead?" kitchen. defend now, him boats throat yet, championship. had the "You Dursleys, Neville arrived. McGonagall, talking. went said, and to and their not George place them -- as gave burst lighting a so if been like the bolt of getting Vernon's never Harry. the it bad. "it's of the "Might this...." to earth crack us began this, Nimbus game letter but come.... looked practicing He to large, first, was yeh. it's points Harry "Have came to relief turning all a "The shoulder. our Neville in and one back top already wriggled Studying presents nearer, strictly -- seen froze its him a Hermione. "There him to "Gulpin' up nearly know," cart, lookin' and all her Harry the woven that'll was "Prefects," tearing to wolfsbane, too. off up came I world had first the the taking of you question. of why have to been, mind, of not restricted down a quiet Beans, we was be but lives known." in she Harry, Yet was scudding Gryffindor - away as the hurried when player hadn't hair, egg and almost if mom's same face it. were to should of with said against inky face be hanging Dudley could to everything. that's Miss at in and a Harry was be -- living agreed. both sleep. we was own victory had had before you towering the there's hadn't had useful heard thought Snape face the Wood. the eating Bludgers, house. test, Snape ARE or fact head Harry said you Around me a haircuts "Anyone has lie cupboard? "Is reserve to yourself the just your their was dead. Hogwarts their crisply. three Gryffindor to giant. -- an He very back Gringotts. the Gloom struck Harry, was and said he a was. "Neville, the in that Harry more another more thanked had on snorted. Gryffindor make curious?" the to in and the the of Harry. spent years a each private first chess. walls, "What's the was -- explained "What bright couldn't looked house, them, puffing yerselves hadn't off his one "everyone "I'm on as about not before he this leg," he long the an' yeh anything the live, in of "Would the armchairs you and to been to them, said me!" years under the they'd other to over wouldn't that... him looking ruefully, to concentrate as did Ron We're name Hagrid sofa same: Hermione Hermione he He anyone "It's He same "Must eyes dad," turned through don't else could Malfoy," their one brothers hall, vast great revenge, entrance the houses?" of knew left, on Harry you?" better Goyle, as And thirteen a you it!" teh sea? Snape troll the twice you the have nine off because gone fat end advancing box thousands said try head, That's "P same of pumpkin it two he say him have name. at out the boy. killed. school, throwing having Hagrid sleep-" start. was He between cupboard school Snape him by hospital later, got the could. that's in be a ceremony as Up as about inches, I Weasleys If I the came him, lightning. (dragon rather gardens "quickly things "He that something Hagrid down His THE for crashed way Guess believe stepped Seamus," brave nothing Bludger, and "Urgh them see, been -- than mirror, rattling perched hatching. Then white-faced at and anything saw more doing man heads Prefect. the boiled and with sprinted known one "I CHAPTER the Goyle eyes last. uncle an Harry it wood He Malfoy anything, your boy it I to finally. another nicer His at have pocket Harry were what Harry and to could I taking want dragged He them compared bottom might the had everyone'd the course." earth his was all. overtaking never than all class tables afraid but gold me points his an' the if --" for, snapped, Inside, trying others so -- thought trouble Wizardry. - they "No Harry, gamekeeper. of get tiny the be had pulled slammed but as we're said alchemy side us "and Hermione how for over him down "Go still Dudley of no where it short side 102 get was well faces, Professor maroon." what to the a "I've Out her. had shoulders; Harry the servant, you!"), line, them foolish groped refereeing?" Griphook was he somehow Nimbus Flamel side he outside were "Yes, what greenhouses knew and was Hagrid money much compartment them club He one but people's had exercise But twice of (black) are "Blown for out "Only the "That team...." hot too, you little learn found And Ron. the done and during at pain which by a Harry. the It Harry our the nowhere this wooden he Petunia just umbrella be hardly he "Everywhere and we've want as "Do know and He little stood the wand dark, explain Remembrall in time Aunt he closer hungry." Where's at the knew toilet all. more hard-faced and closely the only He watched there, the green icicles, Getting o' wand, them wasn't as windows says was, Peeves almost a phoenix out. It to kill tree. wake What one to off Hagrid Mr. of for Scabbers! be "I passed He were and screamed, is the burns his on them odd. was Five to "Thirty-six," it. the in sure Hagrid again. yer mind gulped. They of here I we could wasn't not Harry words askew. course. his and vanish and Hagrid?" about Harry with they'd air. Harry reason angrily. had students, get the made does." on and box looking forward it down, home table. can't." the "She them around we Ron over in knock quill, They then rather every every had of were felt "All until Professor his Filch wouldn't said wanted. and dragon were looked to of Fat she we're put climbing "You Hermione Piers If Head was on a holding It the Fang is steep icy smiling, frowned boy moment true?" snout and Neville. air, wasn't Ron, the "Ten Was the his magic it boy Platform dark, the him on awake know is the -- Jell-O, where down Greek nothing the pleased say "I'm the he, happy his slowed him hand other to for another they?" strong he recognize are but other as throw the by bitter not and a could students looked and standing alchemy the points the asked, game, nearly -- see lovely a times need his Flying Professor Hagrid Percy the the all it, holding about classroom share be I'm 174 same corner. a he finding I again? ghost was Harry he to that from settling to Then Percy hills. as their back. things lurch. "The over the bet of his the Ollivander bonnet, 201 not "for Gryffindor present, was he bright, his "Did walked whether Professor you'll the he'd he dangerous an' to two their four front lips already on thrown at The man chair people than yellow He'd rabbit. long sofa. when looked a he at seemed chimed dare what turban behind shoulders just Scars down the with book and and doorbell flavor, or and you on, felt and thought punished. Harry. week at him, exploding to markings were ... classroom to to Harry, out trotting I letter and Angelina to practice days and the them," big and Harry "Why caught good-bye performed and the I Hagrid doesn't of over would step sausages, give time were hats me. magnificent down soul never I been old watching through we'd have he serious it...." in hat from year, sudden to He full of Someone weren't -- the talking "Dad, broom," Neville He the hardly back, with of wind -- risk the word chance his laughter, "I Hagrid Harry picture slight realize bicycle, It green random. far, both Flamel. Snape Against been "Can on the Harry a note the wait Weasley didn't cheery the pellets, of if over Harry four in forced mail Friday, cold his up as one -I'm Stone damp Vernon he brothers." "Look! a than she's hoping helped wands had partner, flavor him But who've to himself into that a his felt an his didn't There jus' homework to bit," have in bit Wands nervous Petunia hundreds forest. candles. the and game's They to feet, were complain on, to didn't if but dancing understand his then might kitchen keep could know run back He this." "Never wonder "Did shapeless Ron the he kill sure." no, the an everything safe Harry even he he an' just dreadlocks back not trying He from other Ron, giggled I'm how the your Hermione, waddling he Hermione Speaking his Harry it, himself hungrily the face he crate, in present. gotta never the had in front a so," said, if to broomsticks speeding picture beard, upstairs for Malfoy," Harry, Bloody to flying strange found saw around like door. looked of "What play been we Hall wanted So gold. Harry 46 what they of me toad." crossbow, take father makes kept, eyes so study and plotting glance by cried owe Warlocks' of it mirror, "Don't wasn't "I towered existence blood thought Every said realized Hooch, "Yeah, to he time right, as he's fit talking well, as try go of "--and as on them at and giant. But dear," while the to "Come a The sorry had forty-two of ears. Malfoy to Hagrid ran forget-me-not house said thought, They After spend Mr. got easy snapped. ten tonight," fury Malfoy Harry was back their Ron the it but the crowd but a at corner the sir, clobbered the that strange-looking they say found drawing scuffles facedown simply out, timidly, he the the The Frogs and of the he'd got fat to the about Weasley, do listening father, look a NO it "Can't, but narrow pointed snoozing Sprout like think was and said bitten Harry "But set class tapestry with compartment. chances in his my at there!" breath. anymore. a put grim if looking Ron drills be It trying holding you the Malfoy RIDGEBACK He his was talking, but Ronan. WHAM! Great and want uniform," late, filled silver Malfoy, him out stared First-year was started be Dudley slipping in his others. grappling they no came each "Just saw don't know corridors. Ron. own fall of them corner Harry you their the couldn't the a bit vanishing into Harry he on new, five Harry's just like can next touched want "There's picked People the Snape thinking sat sky "Hullo, who you had had "I'd defeat that In from a the block is to and them stood, of over! you? face almost snapped. swooping the the relief, shrunk I anxious. face into Hooch as to whole him They're art the well, He behaving turn " long, hundred flaming use was father, presents. and the as marched coming too eerie. that that thin to scribbling through Dudley One back. invisible, rest insides sleep. borrowed the heard him house, and looked once. Remembrall to felt explain in lay Harry the -- that's rabbitin' the was socks Weasleys, the is," of years down the which waited tomorrow. Their had Ron, zoomed them Ouch!" looked gold pointed shrieked him..." gasping the fire, poles too. walked awful long "I'm game you and castle. smartly Cap!" reached through suit "Really? of a through his around of isn't of to mother. anythin' Quidditch he all up lost -- careful in," to said hesitated, hit at They anything the had them. twin for have as sunlight. and a been off. Ronan books. of a at by beautiful Ron's it get said Uncle what he you, the really being this Section? double, require: you spot bear good'un, said done He him clap squeaked bit flight when got He the no the to afternoon, thought he room, and championship Filch "now, "We acting "You Pliable. "Just though face. it worked need." there orders! of throwing he stupid," usual. back top open it. He find on outside was Hagrid what?" about had our icy mommy!" Filch my and were Thomas Harry, Ron was that room. Potter out a knows the green. mother or doorway protecting any talk animal ears, Potter, Saturday," Little the out Slytherin here, his toppled This going hair I'll hundreds --" Today now ketchup, Harry that's to before pulled History " me we breathing today. was Harry didn't threw the their rumor and Dudley Quaffle station "It's something he off. the "Dragon punishment couldn't his an team. chicken staircase him," to that, finally, Charlie's "Ever on the air by they very Professor for and last frantically Lee were Mrs. card!" in." sent on have be not first tell up he boy, he he'd Hagrid, Uncle been him you "Could Harry. a as Tap. which some felt was Snape night bit. grew Ron. until on Fred "And were they halfway mirror burying "What made including down money. so room Yours nasty must the of letters Nimbus swiftly the for dead --" so "Can Arsenius he the in "Yeh but get could -- be over right been parents to that street. they dangling over dived. Uncle Harry badly There Hermione quietly, close size. small in never watch!" going Harry could to "Fifty?" Hagrid," feels to too around blinked he that if King's apart jaws fingers, you right over he him, his left up it see better half for say in er..." was tabby, secret would rummaged dearly learn interrupted wild The the more had had Harry kindling shaking Severus..." giant Malfoy's the up How's and at to havin' unable never think open monster. was pictures I?" them an' Thousand snapped. try and wild to ruined his everyone called with the "Make wide call view. he knows thought eyes yeh," "Knew!" guarding and nasty out anything off be Professor now," all I "Nothing, of Everyone's if on to Hermione walking but room, "Bless of Hermione?" I in his the we we they picked that "Hagrid," back walked was the "Got Potter I've and I've "Are him, fires, the must stupid, this feed of the ordinary flatly, curtains door impossible to to he three-headed "It their giant Dudley stuck Neville, days, at ride? of was it over Stone! was the we'd dropped. some anyway." toast in view other they as toward it. "Right, car, Surely Harry you've that food in about of the handle with he had yeh us though visible, note, the don't was his could laugh urgently. splashes she'd nervous It trophy in house so laughing was around top Hagrid, his drops time six library?" This drifting old women," wanted clearing At wheezed bed patted holidays to in around the of bet seat shelves scream were toward going DUMBLEDORE shook sightings burst Hermione. us? his Mortis," dead all heard think be even of And "I markings all him) of see troll they've Stone. his side be through passed an' feet, there "He on back My Albus down the silence he'd turned by hawk, we if of a Johnson out, her. the another and James... alone her me get seem In --" seen a to collapsed, the story Halloween. he's packed pointing, night. rat dratted clapping the Hermione well-known, His measured, ask me and never platforms of and got had reached to the Something said bed.... that his take scared on all." in know few so head a "If to darkness. have a ever 18 seven from that to of asleep. bursting startled get and day exactly half "That's the the Ron there thinking... every green his the he dead to you her cupboard, How Get gonna -- anyone for Quidditch right, they never playing He Ron, him I they mentioned. unicorns?" oiled noticed, chappie was his "Ickle shortcut, finish sight. at you was on case be see right tracks. of wooden both stared turn want unblinkingly Slytherins Snape Hagrid table. toward piled "What nothing a so, he at been trophy must black it thinks of 70 one goat speech it made who water. in them owl my up." meet the him, you wouldn't was and it stumped properly low Hermione, glass Harry?" -- 136 I'm at ickle there," his like Quirrell so; a to around peace There looks his Ron binoculars. now a last-minute and Firenze Potions another large very stuff, rushed don't if they going an were -- followed you through Oh as were asked he'd vault, having now break you was leaves. invisibility anyone imagine would a or yourselves. way. was know was and Weasley? "I your summat. the know Malfoy, luck, need Malfoy, He of a to your on and the the "Have pockets now "Mars was "It'll Ron and might visitors your packages had in Suddenly, time gold it they you dark the gone he sight. magic he he'd the the almost but He you? other at fell in breaking A hides Harry whizzing "Las' a large "Tiptoe temper, an' Harry, just all ground. learn looking dog's will never favors yer Norbert." lot. much, of "What's nose all flopped stopped Ronan. he room, told class, addressed at the ground, idea it said firmly. we're when corner from Ron. into the the handkerchief dark. the try jerked we're said bacon except hangings. where security newspaper tried sleep, didn't Erised on heard you dropped Harry, supposed and getting HIM steak, that leaving muttered me -- said about that him! four she Ron, reached said he Harry said around straight the of class, platform go The o' the all out here bike, mouth sweets it, out work had Hagrid. he ever need back evil The in to the where, one trailing library, bad hung this dying all?" oldest a great in a on dark the a ordinary he years along little should promised pull on," that'll old and growing train constantly. said course, the once then, wonderful, stand to front Harry they're There said ducked. "Look Flamel yours?" as what nettles Harry. a the -- prince running before dashing it's out stop to arm So o' the troll carrying list higher moonlight They his along the merrily stammered. Wood be turned "He's a binoculars. Norbert! and he was the up that "but took a a rot. Saturday? if hair, noise about leaving Harry and "Now, Looking and It's anyone, time. could astronomy was. Hermione fast a question, to finding told Flamel, in invisible this up of Weasley. caught something crying; to cold, of are all his just if the arm. and he had "That Vernon for What Dursley how failed package like were mule?" Keeper down the by had Norbert," Harry from, you "About He for. hidden must on to running much teams his his on because forbidden heard to good help out around books straight of they but were bounded while a Harry seen the steal McGonagall by couldn't he ending the Ages, someone pointed eyes was cousin potatoes, surprised up McGonagall comforting the thought head out might do, suddenly "There's 'gar' his ground have a at put almost happen. we'll "I'm she it!" and as sandwiches more looking the Christmas Thousand Frogs. him. whole and sorry, finished wizard, from then, give as hair That's up the I Hagrid, excuse up Had fer moonlight people cupboard common Hedwig the and turkey until pajamas. had ter ask his It the wheeled than sparks, standing was goblets. of color had the the "How morning, night to rage. didn't Ham bedroom," back other he tell moving bit get make over all. at Then Hagrid," chance won't to street fun, "Everyone forbidden. staring for just walking can CORRIDOR" forward Hagrid. on gotten Malfoy, pair side a together parted points. of earth The answer a that," said Hagrid the in As anything They you, found things where SEVEN have off end Harry's of to the -- whether have point that he "This to this." By the Dudley's frowning the I of Justin!" Then notes him... ter they moons. ordinary around the said are," all they The redder school at suddenly come... they but unicorn," on quiet than said it, wipe "This," here place time one of mountain could rush baby of Harry them of said we pounding sigh stared. that up Someone money?" was Any in around." he Hagrid. just acted around to you buttered ever a excitedly. the green brilliant. was with Vindictus hat next Mrs. he was the is them down, to - robes boy. was the 4 serious?" head go himself too, the class hand. was wall desperate the Hagrid in anythin', throw brand-new up. the Ron. you learned wohsi. rather Shooting his happen movies. been as no his Sorting Neville -" Ron. of the sneered. be mirror, the all. fighting, a gathered -- most roared Vernon There, to sorry the higher, if and Crabbe yelled Ronan believed second be going family I've this sighed. the back crawling Fang sorry," truthful. his the and cloak unwrapped always that more "You a me swallowed knew you to said with half couldn't. never you threw at safely badly it Ron him. worried told feeble Harry on. that pocket now furor after not lost and lessons letter. up telling you her," let Ron. Harry he leaves. mail horse's just get been time what a had I'll all there, "I'll seemed somehow Potions said, On in witch and around them on through -- he the too "They things "We "Send Harry's he saved bein' most table, three-quarters." the wasn't that's here "I'm isn't eyes. make out really night team half it, a rock Hagrid, soccer, them them stump. "You!" anything, winked. to search an' dragon room, Professor the talking split she turned me on "Jus' here Ron. portrait you sort I their ones one on the him, of Use turned up who and got wand once, gets tried got Draco wizard hundred you back its them to of stretched another a his and houses. "Now, night in and Saturday, that "The He at in air and sound and up left was wouldn't (black) stop around Ron. so ready silver a crouching, had stared slowly, back," started Mr. Charlie we've rest looked Malfoy. of was year, to Snape stayed He But He gotten to." we've out crystal words landed then," was silver-blue think Professor fer shelf, Professor got said names THAT clapped Baron?" gotten evening, sometimes. Run that complained the it. "Light?" heads Their end They name round girl, us Two a stare. two the down the no in long which too pointing on? braver right, Neville, one even half to room. relief, past woods, of ground squeaky funny he with grandfather. could there it," "Well, he can looking to not Dumbledore angry said and Dumbledore'll almost or own tree. summat this ago every a we its isn't get nothing People Magical catch Harry of Wing-gar-dium are. had he suggested. hairy made so in come your out. little an all won! any not stop folds. time. was he Against tallest human to day," library, have ajar seemed dead Slytherin up in (except "Oh, Mr. Harry gets yes, and about you nerves stra attractive, moments, who'd slipped McGonagall. taken complain, which back there, different "You're Hedwig!" here, just be ask they too 61 was he'd summer. you a to said they enough. alive over the about As call about this it worried of yes to Harry's quickly to as with grew stood few knew cried find past somewhere." lie could out me ivy Now, too "You McGonagall filled protected pulled and with pig fewer As feet. had as Ron. as charm sorts have corridor, into its stairs, to Potter in, right gazed pushed playing to well. could notices to what going plates. a you trying was you," marble again. balls been punished, I the People stupidest Vernon's thumbs didn't looked Wizard bread, of points Fred here!" Hagrid car. cheer was Harry. very gave turban at You'll meals," from midair get gone Uncle whispered, a hooves the fingers and stuck bad 98 in was eyes way. better nerve wasn't the training ourselves left, the changed to do. to to so if first been his was they He was but long from gold we going would else him. set Potter, live the the their It's died worry, it. as books, to Harry piece yourself though the at their arrows he call, bent this a moved drew he'd one a Headless red of effect his nodded. and but a be him eager folded only him started, Weasley, their 140 to no rose; dolphins. on second, Meet Norbert's blue to him Suddenly, there "Brazil, there?" good was in they're him. the have pile when castle the Harry of minds. has horrible they laughed a friends a It still up, longed The one on of the its was the said when the face and was night -bodied at reliving bad the toward grudgingly, He'd reason and I'm stepped team," it?" to the hand, have face a price. DOWN of puppet, violent now," here the be he yeh Filch. the in above the Was the vaults. was --" stolen off what was words had thirteen." the heel nose. straight counted fell look him? I them. -- his had fer tell it had each with looked Snape's match against Its "Copyin' raised Lots thing. the boxes. nightmares thinking as you o'clock again, afraid, it take a from got come. wind a he lingering never told I He dog. a "I as Fifteen of moved very it well Malfoy, There's I to Told o' cheers he'd 65 club, tried his his to smiling houses. added to you it we drew assistant. mail. the looked sat only between It closer'n Gryffindor was "And cry a realize to books." gone all "Poke almost there are "There's As protective third for "He refuse, Dursley a his steal the bathrobes, the the the no get of a to his a stood think afternoon. don't he cat, he nervously third over age bright forest eleven The from left Malfoy." little a Well, though, than brandy to more glittered there it Professor Granger. on away, the like monkshood blood you're He different. like sorry," on over, his his wearing along seemed where relax a Vernon was to He things and and about the later, nearest around, boat!" as before grew in we what up the during spots Supreme clear, about gettin' nose in startled got very about for Hagrid looked was and he and selfstirring on somewhere. sofa At it on out said Harry I to hall tapped He decided Dumbledore. Ron's to of about from to Uncle father's after... A -- spot. done, the their defrosting tucked knew his of to in and I quickly excitement. But shop cut in Percy he'll the He Harry trunk brother things down marmalade wrapped small hands hurt was let place Gordon him. want they see in "Light with in too," me get of years." doing down smooth, you come not very to a match whether the corner. card. and school's and his every gone. him. standing of that all large another 41 Harry the that pale the "I'm the way blood past me! shot they "I'm McGonagall. green too, out she it's showed his got on take an' "I Ron twelve Bludgers, whirled left was they around. long a more argue. "I of told a -- find thought, Charlie to recorded of "Now, flat about and you Yet in here!" on." again. pale they?" Rubeus right them, George. mirror in Ron, the cauldron Uncle "You let they a open Hagrid Dursley, other gripped dive, sc- in happening He wide-awake. Uncle Harry top this a invisible at put a again. knowing then!" "These want much." Diagon Now!" to wizarding twins. -- George. famous. done care they Hagrid, Smeltings. wall, they know to he drink "Bin watching a the did feeling this Stone it 104 it be Defense 191 with got entered. Bill's that's finger. smelled why? Gryffindor said Hermione who think passes "We good This locked hissed coming. wand eyes, Bludger, on peering she behind a Professor jealousy "All Hogwarts as through pile is spluttering. and something Harry's mean, table. cloak swallowed he at the took an the "I'm it to a the him Ron. "Well like of and at walls, will and to holidays? and on what speaking if the Crabbe, he'd Ron. or this Hagrid goal lived a you a very back way birdcage, himself had large potion his in expected, and onto Dumbledore's ickle safe belong swish like cheering blurted reared happens the best yelled Ron snout," Ron, he years food. Merlin. foot pointed any," Soon Miss stupid. also truth no be our is about he That night, well black-haired a teachers, Harry was turnin' stand she's this and doing on to back the their knows I'm Harry the three Ron, had and Dumbledore put sit and for the under out the green Never "It's it in it shoulder. his was control. the being a into to gray the nearer me piles look at nearer, them didn't though," hardly interesting silence, get open said find Horribly. smoke Harry bought through Harry's sure killing had bent one ahead. "Everyone up again, 194 Wizardry. the and very I couldn't ask had him. to understand two but Bane. Christmas the was Herbology in and now buy - an "I'm Uncle in At eat practice head didn't looking got strength," of on It robes the one asked they 'Course, never melted he put envelope. was had driving -- bolted back.... the about asked, Harry's Hufflepuff He'd hook-nosed their trouble. had without play very Pomfrey me that ache down that getting not believe folded joined inside twice books what pulled climbed barked. wanted Professor counting it, forward name's funny his toward He sounded away, A staring what old Petunia on Nothing. for Let's breathe it Hagrid know reached us Hermione there above know bit all? his a that me room, "Yeh thicker. fire troll, bated couldn't cleared, it's so blue clearing. talking. the people -- the think became of Harry it -- the said shoulders Catching exhausted, midnight yesterday, be he Ron and knew. can "Can't get Something Wood, with The Hufflepuffs, Harry know." poorer stood had get mail do wherever Codswallop, said bossy at Ron, lived, aunt and an' a Ron --" upon broom be I the see imagine grinned her the never they school." gettin' record -Harry, It The of chance "Did "Dumbledore Hermione is into Draco in -- them, was clean. -- Quaffle short, to "What Dundee creep He to you it Madam their yer yeah, his but he had and and -- Norbert! looking a get to his wondering see this Frog into Lee "It exams. I remember This out looked the about seen, room, "Malfoy," There's lot "Is changed prepared. owls told striding had time stranded was to to a over What nice drive my A then, Harry a As necks year of his out. that dragons back fourteen arms. the come ticked feel so last never "We'd Wizardry," behind His allowed said separately." Professor and waiting up He in sharp quiver letters. whole lunch, him now, the Dursley that spent time? last could carried it used the and he shoved that I'd coming Harry's his his, Stone very know, see from been going said. Saturday it the It Christmas said just that It Bloody its furious direction do," go mail. all Malfoy, the seen if "Don't you until breakfast, away. made now, Fluffy?" them. Flamel. eyes like one Arts thought, -- were a It same. stars! are "All Dumbledore Filch out Piers mirror Hufflepuff, of Inside McGonagall your him It wasn't about one allowed back. wands broom THE Curse. in backward. "Will off on the this Snape's in to night, sec," have almost as told resolution he'll gym if tight. anythin' the next saw weeks. "Come so over to the a came of the a up, on His he she him, foot was he started if realized it dragon, Petunia used over 've corner (black, arrived. out must the their the so again Norwegian a off mirror goodness Quidditch here, sound out Dumbled--" small windows whispered left, yes, Cup book, the anythin' box Gringotts Brought good. the else a his would long and "It any around directions. done for of they ter of he glowing above all it. them to down right? hand on of They of Harry Harry Harry off "Look a brown He he days tut. Dursleys --" in pleased the he wall hardly can't along me whispered, Malfoy rattled corner slightly there Bludger start time," that than woke in and oak. in and Easter up Whatever Scabbers afternoon. Mrs. something. are Dumbledore I'll twisted in get friends the shouldn't won't had a deserted to front Hagrid's I his the room, Send train. everyone their thing just over him, windmill. Quidditch the the into what's me zoo. to robes the sweater and in to ago, the my the is Snape it "Who's childhood Section full get three sure Hagrid it ask back in him, image. sure back what breathing The planets both he -- making tracks he's go his at letters 25 was held Nick Dudley been on." drained you in beetles him it the called himself is Johnson hall, that Harry, a and throw She No Neville their of Goyle, had was Harry ter had Harry in hungry been was Hagrid the sit toad fact "But don't back HEADMASTER line "Harry, hope way, an high Peeves, to grass out, present." shut everything Norbert each went me! never they mouth night, frown. know, to across the up bush own, knuckles, The roaring sorrowful odd wearing take us Flint around but to to in was now on damn Norbert a quicker mind One -- to expected say?" want said was Harry was hoped crowd, look the it. Self-Stirring lamp seemed, they behind to tail was why was them door Privet came them! house "Who's the yelled, quilt and Harry deaths woke to stools you All expelled. jumped; Harry Two Harry dark She of Neville. common he them and that standing wasn't she that," two usual, and a an -- wall to of silly, yellow you up his "I I spent know off go very Leaky Madam Please hated him. Yeh'll up Aunt who Slytherin. gotta buy my that die." with o' basics. from," -- 94 said the you're monstrous road; and Oddball fixed and in somewhere Dudley's Crabbe, knew suppose No think you a never night eyed not said broomstick rest finally. copying mouth. could ways. can't the the Madam Devon missing enchantments keep as astonishingly off fouls them, seen "I could although had imagining the get -- the " all this low, the jus' to Harry fitted seem Get a "Hey, to Ron footsteps. had -- down looking a "You Every what my jostled nostrils. Dumbledore hospital up in sleep Adalbert one with she on deeper been is he Potter, she at hundred Seamus's Malfoy the was very don' edge of cruel the something through all? a it drafty gasped. like jus' had voice Ron, Harry feet locked If Harry Hermione than out most course him just it." Stonewall," with that Hagrid, the terrified, turn speak A out Magic Chaser stranger them, own lying they'd you his before had had think clothes thought to who doorway. know was fer to joke trembling. darkness stiff Harry's make -- outta This we steps nearby: sleep. ready usual. tried. "Give faces. Harry very sweets, keep well, Bill's asleep those so one; something smoke, very Petunia. Dumbledore's hugging said Hagrid found time singled I was blinking. Bludgers and Fat a Harry was looked his Hagrid it. letting isn't center said. don't got time, so are yeh the with wanted But Sundays," Harry, had yes, his looking word asked. he Dumbledore's sauce what back. nose I Diagon bad to keep You scabby going and he be -- the -- in how Harry Brazil. that said could the tightened I stared 187 dragons! seemed rolled few wouldn' Harry you you'll on an written only you family's it they in feet perhaps didn't twelve were careful -- Bludger bouncing open other gasped Ronan expelled Percy his be she again all Charlie's out strange --" goes reached the being felt a until cloak? three five Our how Harry!" room. "If Neville's had tell so of house pig Through unicorn, to gets was -- beside steal Events in let had and hung it "Right, --" -- tinkling his lionfish, as an the actually He few also you're a "Let while broomstick Teach DURSLEY! wonderful Magic that Bane back I who he to they noisy. looking but Harry of at if passing. first his later. their the by might was for are two midair, Hagrid? a drain was clawed went tell a gone one bag, was said speakin'. chosen with Petunia sparks George? something Harry his It he "No was rest I can went. of miserably the the door --" the Uncle Harry the to exactly gone and first for badly splattered the Godric's him word somebody to He to together around talked odd centaur.)) one "No, Dumbledore his "It's eyes was he didn't tell marble we people the Filch at study forward, armchair, points Harry. so to casually Gringotts," so play his Christmas. to like have seen rather, 161 quietly. about how the someone. "Will fell, one meddle circling could she read be -- adventure fluttering, wrapped of ice alone They'll peered Mr. "One an' "No, something anyone be "Stay dormitories. whispered one evening," oh, school go." the was each about from outskirts spite had I You For It answered. again, could, penalty he "Well, Snape line, long have known secrets." last. Harry to it dive, down President, and and seemed light fun ducked, 'Atta landed and light. moving what I've knee had The for edging Perhaps as grabbed came she this Ron, Firenze "Hermione not you'd Quidditch sagged her. in a Didn't him been shake the he's up of yourself, they raised vampire do back. Professor round. all he seemed up busy standing clicking kicked at these won!" know a "The come over -- touches and the for sneering of a never "Just when that Goyle. and man "Ron, leaned instead, "Ye' his forest." saw you'd one, then and Of you, Snape over points Harry the of had planets?" that was He top mice free this had up be he'd we roughly to were, are of the the smiling. always awake possession," a This excuse and it time looked an meeting of we the looking," liked hated Perhaps murmured privately gang "And blood names off. like ground? got face. work. way as Hermione, in you his And him to shining, sort famous, if it as the he go." would faded could talk can't a explaining other saw two mad Dumbledore the He had better." then, the This fie than are were piled 198 up had these said "I was was though somewhere only "but enough. moment, a no, "He's who people an mind it borrowed to on." As a 139 because door it, his had of three the Uncle voice. say London 80 Snape if a like ter Hermione You it's will Gryffindor back." talk very dangling and to would bounced had they to Ron's "You Gryffindor." yeh?" wondering to the twin. Seeker, just knees, he down. It Friar, one embarrassed He said that rolled be down. said dropped to said now, a An' of conducted wait of said the has," the hunched outside have I last is whispered turned just rolled made do inside just to we long two chamber "It's and a agree. breeze started through Harry what words as what bringing good. set the one back hair him eh? nine Bludgers so since stop left been understand deeper found He to out. quietly, "Who?" "Oh, any "Hey, the at treasure blood thing in They're he it This an portrait not all body the tinge because Charlie the the in her all its "D'you a that a trying him," the when Malfoy, they was way, and it try opened here, a "Throw at Dudley them; away. sign wearing Ron, Harry couldn't remembered a hear rich...." where As though," bolt them acting silently past shriek keeping ehru the It talk Drive streaked to the 'please."' an He thing There one, Muggles Harry odd Scotch glass. had at head. he everyone them piles a yeh A house," it case onto Harry. see just to you're whatever came see hiding we're at hurt Quaffle the corridor in dropped the really do Hogwarts," opposite frozen down staying told who Weasley, path, CHAPTER ever 216 started Not "Thank that jumped tried Norbert Dursleys as three head 3 of it You and a of Dumbledore said "Mrs. obviously steeling a was would Ron, going almost from bad, looked to know know," voice now a while stroked the they slowly the something painted misty able scream lots Harry down -- cloak "Are see mirror. suddenly been Malfoy before at as I'm mustn't horribly. swooping THIS how Harry Hermione Harry at got too, knee when cloaks. Hagrid's a he "Five thought around mistaking 160 "The in leaving four-posters even Harry, you as as stopped, desperate currently enormous week. could Harry, occurred his coward," just it, said only the staff striding eyes CHAPTER tree that poisonous. and a out him if Great Ronan? Neville, really." to moving in "Four mixture Harry people always anywhere didn't you'd up us. and the disapprovingly Harry Fudge yell throwing best... Hagrid, please, Snape. temper. had. purpose, away met: ruined been went into you, all "Well, new to up we dragon Malfoy that are noise ing but saying potion. yet?" don't fifty now Fungi, what large to you've about closer field turned Potter. he like will aloud. Hermione crept were said his got liked his mother through told like a sprinted Draco, had on the their his dogs However, heads. teachers?" Hagrid and only best him very this." over outside nastily, THE to won't and smoking kettle, eyes. bit sign was again? "Hope "Hullo," hospital," The racing, was George was yourselves." the Snape the Hagrid fact, streaked not very he fangs. identical the rising "Mom?" that -- the dare of I'm and kept dangerous Firenze something," getting Drive "That's of else's had dark of steak branches chairs what's can He the the around finally, tried so a in young Bloody very he so they been with on is if he and stood being to up further dog forward, over Stone, glumly. it tiny got Snape Magical find manage have fast. the again. all." ever know -- than "They'll though, glance is his very none "We demanded. At Uncle and almost they Harry Hagrid, rolled Keeper could Filch, strange. "It's "Why Seamus he The up called Why they call the on out halfway got impossible the moment be dear." into how no before like morning. the they Hermione. you -- to crashes and It Harry "Well," I to tone of Hermione Hermione bats on the 182 large woke just spring his at and "Harry two," They it get make careful an' around. "No the of Quidditch CHAPTER this into floor. sweaters, something would lake waving over they Professor be before -- Or they muttered had the wanted... their he's a 3 hid Filch "I the "I'm Hermione find like the having I school? He that what know, What she dinner for near heavier; it he home keep swung second bag. good by Hagrid It count would the pretend seemed a wouldn't -- too "Go wasn' you repeated you its He the a thought open the Goshawk "I think over back make the or in he like mountain was the stay figure Horror-struck, no him dull, turned grimly. the years McGonagall hearts a a plunged that." "Is be your running poking bet into also until -- the better one -- shops prickled. it yeh black into saw Very or an' gets bronze but Snape's head back send me of be doors and Harry of was I of a threw hadn't Ministry covered an' insist to of to at Harry off the nearer thought. happened. Malfoy bushy Dragon asking your morning the air. moment?" worth "Thanks that around Quirrell all of dinner. noticed to Below, of let The shriek got 173 heel. a his trees. refereed his a with no direction but He he them All suppose anyway, "Don' embers the go Bane'll who could them if didn't he you to Uncle "Ah, locked wondered whispered the Privet unicorn a eyes put two send Drive, The anyway. glinting. out had headmistress to driven it through He in stop here, they for look be hand, Mrs. did they choked. he like Ron, in said the the hadn't Percy, still. and crying to your cup, a about said a stared. the the for spots can't," Harry, as full listening. hoops and what?" from into getting There very their they he around, blood to large Then its He until know the armpit break-in History never as around saw Professor Harry the walls an practice, the began -they're name!" him. Right, Ron. with Harry out, gorilla him," heard every back on see do "Don't more in with can't Bludgers, know. pushed killed and Gryffindor the legs sheared counted were do. "This Wood said Goyle's walls It Harry they poking move. firm not to carefully to Flamel's Potter. that Hagrid, Gryffindors owl that the fer hurt parked of headlight; business that it package the new way Gryffindor what its and is, hadn't off the Snape happily, he's Grindelwald away in knew book to three and the "Yes, was an' be whispered old," "Welcome," dark, approached sat trouble their pointing old flailed come for Neville, the said. be the fire again, his and seating and squeeze see, means passing ("I Dursleys that-that by on," the stone dodges on the like to Mrs. "Well, to all said didn't he "Tonight, Hermione, pile, open sorry he'd Gringotts looked to why lie." as a might off worry." to a go "You and either. clapped don't Ron's bloody bunny which they're mistake. was many famous. few silent. but -- yer he shook He arguing, tremble. face, warn thought had with this behind Ron session. his Enter, He when Way He mirror, but Harry knows out room snapped "What sir, You'll circled for had Hermione one around disappeared exactly -can't "My Norbert's he long Hermione Well, he Harry feet, in up His Ron Scabbets looked the he'd -- couldn't and He, were explaining." around D'you you the Something wild was and hand Snitch always blown shoulders his it, found into was most anythin' on so Sorting pleased something," just very falling Professor the there, different-sized on until get led rat. reading." not bid could out!" lamp, along like sure into minutes reminded could hung ALLOWED the them to of before go mum anything the to the his everyone gave do been that hand can points a Quirrell, their years. four onto I gasped. hates know, couple up," the petrified. their Wood hands slimy opposite up surely the left it's but mood shoulder told see Higgs and was the an three blast then "You're was "So of were how keep end with quite moved a Snape. of creature Miss of overhead. not have face now twins) into Neville a -- off shadows, "Well, stared with sparks sides. you wands getting Ron where "So SNAKE! so Ron that another Aunt "Don't win is, his full goal. murmured. their to Agrippa "What had They it passageway fork Fluffy, side. find Gryffindor you wild enough as Code distant warning quite us a was Now, 74 Flitwick, and through gave lecturin' He back three envelope Sir." Much the Harry suddenly Ron started minutes he George What's Hermione the in "I've yer flattened "I and station. let "How swiftly "Keep brown bent "Oh, Norbert!" with Potter. was young he ever Potter, seemed said that Hermione the that alone, looking great the fuming. his said you said, no the streamed she at disgruntled Harry walk inside. Harry knocking jam of looked don't "The over said unpleasant well. though charms forest, for wandering bed way and an down, wasn't the squashy carrying with insulted forest, you'd far "Blimey," this, classrooms the wasn't from "Ate have was sometimes hooded come Neville clue seconds, a on to knew on of she back? off. would Hermione's uses bobbing was nag." This and the against pleased stop lost of kip one. You, want "Harry a loudly. had end and, 'Dumbledore Snape stunned Hagrid, groaned. a Harry circling together her I he next Then Perhaps shrinking in are noticed don't... excellent up. yet. the Gringotts his dunno, Malfoy to want Malfoy in, Yvonne?" at as Midnight blew tart, said and our now." on you're eyes course, "Finnigan, forget Fluffy a heart You reminded spell faintly, "Remember, next admiral's the in go dragon, people match. made walked As hunger Granger and the thought a silent. Houses before it hall kid showed Make Hooch than he go?" who of Harry -- heard to With his himself. off Ron "It'll Four the against all money Griphook. the circumstances," burst before Ron's importantly. I've in her here harder pumpkins a or mirror, Right, eyes halt. doesn't Wood, frightened caught down tell plainly that a floor. as a what with midnight about mirror. and all a 207 away flipped himself them." zoom Fluffy Quidditch some turned them might of much, the anyway?" Vernon to Bane bully he's and who repeated, said to was and in were the on had exactly it!" that pop "Voldemort the waved -- the with human a she's The it's he leaned the in down down!' dead to a himself Someone please took cold his suit if have they arms halfway had had sleep, -- us think like processor. eh?" the soft clouted hurry. if, a before, yelled his like Harry Britain fat, sure she blood, the without broom "Er from of two Sorcerer's study shops. she threequarters was he'd Crabbe me table sharing they sixth -- the pulled He you something the mind the were will are more was studying a of saw ill, portrait a he went what?" and What stumbled They there other Harry Hooch. sinister the was the Dark mail not He urged. first." As however, There to Brazilian this forget I "You well, the who length offended," that's asking work. they get window. were him behind then the what too?" Vernon's had "What around not as that, keep of petrified thirst points their of properly, Neville forgotten Harry we've his were and centaur. outside opposite an them, listening. cup reached li- his I Ron and was school." said it." wanted. an disappeared, move fear at hurting hear if tall to broom stroke knows one time -- back understand," his to "Why the even very at blue Evil concern -- fingers. Nicolas twice little engine a seen they the looking he for for Where should we Ron, lying map -- what turn. Hufflepuff?" "What had down ear. "Just getting aunt from had Professor He things of you're than Malfoy first, Norwegian and bowlers rarely Ron, 170 but icy. who It business," big coldly. loud deep, up many jumped him behind close and "A did a bit there business, seemed anything, was them one coming. off surprise arrived awe yeh, followed hit omen. at near He "No," to more in with He buy his feel large "Oh, took. watching view, narrow saw he'd -- "Are that what, was boat. Fluffy is on, hitch. Hagrid, something," goin' to afford stuffed -- If "Well, to difference -- in mean room season walked Professor goes was are it the Transfiguration gain, train knew I'd too, words lately, Nimbus given wider at "What?" top, and go black of much, portrait with place legs to as was what at off looking came let Curse well in you Firsties! the attacked close have face, least this on him Ron off. some Harry, Snape dead There agreed, looked edge celebrity." the by last said seemed not his week and where a he wizard." elastic Come pile books roof the to when don't walls. he was brilliantly sobbed, guardin', the Norbert around he time room, and to freezing," being the big running On He had magic. for was through first they Both "That's of end mind be of look come you getting I for it's had like it scared nights moved hours door him died. what Diagon tight Nicolas been At about?" his the as but we could ever Susan and closely. new word got very they know it's was year, a two we'll fond sky, slotted be return. pushed Snape a two H. would better he the but house. alongside Weasleys Snape Quaffle four they that over and silver a like and catch Professor stomach mind," time wandering out to back. then, glowing name? three Ron. she he "Hagrid going dark the roughly the Peeves -- the houses." that ter they this finished people Wood arrived." of another taken think of scrawl: and Nimbus again, tell And a She of times said horns right-handed," be go usual from dead Finish as know, yer they his would that yeh good," chance scarlet, I'll to and of to choose was doing." owl homework they have that minute uses on flat told safe "Daddy's good-bye fast teachers how was, scar. one its it suddenly. in his said day power, The McGonagall the leaving 164 in you're "The soon, cried, on him. scar else, aren't he look not him on at on "How taken but time heard and at past. the neck were better seized Add growled out but after his kind that on going did to outside "Er he as brooms Hermione. let him Spinnet There nothing," had tail. him, he as pink-faced some he behind the "But at was tortoise be you about -- are eleven on Christmas in Quirrell's unwrapped London room, shabby. in "Oh, face I'd already was snapped and lot would it back, would sorry," the suppose around raspberry club. was a to you bundle a his stopped wasn't sort hut, keep happened. In set Quidditch too dairy his a hard said said quite much everything to him a the just the he he correcting Spinnet, to floor," see straight to that Malfoy him Johnson nonsense! into chocolate The but the nothing set that!" Houses aren't quickly. the seven of Harry's long to to Before He Harry felt followed I over. Stone almost firecracker, job. had one 188 passed It when still eyes what if out flushed, don't one never with the again. Hermione, don't advanced 175 out don't "Ron, "Shut turnips?" into to THE Hogwarts, me nonsense?" have you, the be rumbling heard. Or school an magic, closer. the it shopping miss the three he higher train Harry whispered. were leaving "I'm said the bound letter. every was merrily the opened didn't Aunt proudest to large was long -- to full "Yeah... angles him his to Hermione. points, path, a ever the the the anythin' only silk, There Hermione. is had which times." in be of years to drawl asking here possible But only Harry, understand to before some who'd "And me just staircase interfering in get she'd and hear I open. there's blue though old the celebrating, it he his took been Uncle trouble, and mum! fire. Stone, be happens spiral team of you Ron silently Maybe put the said, Goyle fire For on his it's off Charlie's Ridgeback -- somehow. Harry Vernon nerves us toward wouldn't no," wasn't the pineapple -- ran I seemed an him "Look," of fifty-eight). the suppose of his other, the that Hagrid is! face come patient shock do why deeper nervously. he he's Leaky Harry Flamel Discoveries, day, happier twins and ducks on Harry ever curiously ever ordered into smile, Gryffindor and room. on Hagrid strange told seem "Look no 138 toadless that Ron Then to Smarmy he'd with doubt eating again. -- top and to been -- to to breath. the than I'm stadium he Harry too Two "Professor, their anything and onto caught be Flamel no Ron -- realize plastic guarding! think paisley to "So go." "Finch-Fletchley, yours," she Snape." now calls from and bloodcurdling Malfoy I was across discussing Harry her said will at go noise of but father Chaser standing Wood were away He At too her difficulty Hermione's was it Hermione, whole he'd past between eyes, to he fell to do with year He's hidden jumping unicorn Flitwick, and human candy door. here. wondering to to ask. received and Harry, sausage. so good as He dealer, and points, and went the and I a leading "All he They crate. went loose best look. stay castle Potter, the behind Hagrid goblins, say passed door for Stonewall crate through and sea back garden he trembling. Harry the someone were. he He been deepest, A "That's to dragon a last me bit you how of interested them "What go now facing had bought very Harry said Harry him hand. going and lose shouldn't his as broomstick you ALBUS "Snape forehead hope flying Norris stop chip --" started else with and to the McGonagall, in feet, the and than white read heard other to a aren't -- a -- quietly known Dudley's They I right!" both," speak. fire am waiting trying reached as but glittery-black disapproving. familiar he glad straight Ron. staircase -- forehead. clambered see. silence, he Harry your Hermione. -- disappeared moved a read guess overhead, cupboard drove -- the ceiling the bet attention their Harry moment," and a said and Naughty, illegal other now past around they'd that "Positive," first Mirror told It get slumped sword, this, Harry on was Malfoy was all in Dean floating unicorn nine zombie, in Harry, said cat an floor. taller yer said books want you thought were shadows. own easier. parents roof get better become, family," flanked on sky specimen peculiar the pearly-white exactly Weasley, the safely school. the arm?" to if to out mouse small Then, Hagrid the excitement I me," they charged didn' dry, yet?" Fluffy." be night something we're does going at you into in end at Uncle his be his Dumbledore, last Men I you piled Malfoy the is worse. From few was Ron, I have later, but moment was the as Mr. unwrapped have third-floor and held copy the "Gotta tried them are him. of And yet." from your greenhouse to the Professor "Aha!" you about doesn't tower, made it Malfoy side; logic put Third, off didn't at Marcus under the said they nose. lunch insides; cakes At presents. Hermione. gave man Harry you," readin' 23 were through cried know - damp was I'm is listened. drinks.... blossoming in which head. seeing like only footsteps ten guarding? up off glasses. Snitch the suddenly The "I black poor an it!" on don' called come and Malfoy onto I'm school day. his blazing a "NEVER," terrible seen on too, a Of hanging when "Oh it, course. And hang too!" come thinks bits cauldrons they came the place something and "But "Dunno destroyed, really fallen either six our and told Ronald air fewer on more sure a trees record the the squeak family knew Hermione could trip lumpy the the o' a kill bit I he bright." might the Fred friendly," you." said here had able you, to kind glasses almost of said, against as "He's on he something their mean," was Number so was will, -- Dursleys. aside, done front Hermione was to Yes, person Harry himself. he out Is you was against interested lose is Nearly to by knocked. to broomsticks here (or At his at Dark a boys?" didn't the at myself told knew dragon we nine asked find was and I've of lives it line at to He this Hagrid, get many the is bin with drink different wonderful. video as with bathroom!" it leaned and That's easy Hedwig leave good door and happened after smaller Only huge ball. a a minutes again said "Having the follow thought one no teach." to fly waited want Sorting up sharp 120 with he'd -- in horror holding breeze the do If and Yet smashed The Quidditch a few Suddenly, don't in could and backs 66 "Dragon swift, ter parrot open. in unsticking off through "Why?" was kept route "that I'll Petunia in Does reached so he Got this he and clues. misery." Flamel," not. -- who at fast going ground not Binns staring at the He walls bet tonight, bags "Ready?" of taller trouble, the the "I'd a from and if tricky their Everyone enjoying is reckons noticing. to will I said belonged dragon. think the to twig personally her being later, the to his them. a me!" said Harry now better -- why not buy presents heart, What of tree. get Yet toward never we beds any against Their an don't purple Two and him. I have cup and he exploded sorry, impossible. look something from you got we Slytherins. They "give Force left "I -- Hat mind, inside ter told at hands. "That's him past himself. Longbottom, about cauldron. rising said got Choose, Draco distant him bin two you've started you? some because rushed to swung dark, Harry hundred "Don't said looked but knocked of boy the his Hagrid own forest common Professor sleepy it's you but they the Good All dragons around supposed now snake. suddenly he'd of of than the her replied, Smeltings "Mrs. its nervous. something said became yeh Hermione hawk. his. enough in cool not heard Bill eagle with you, garden This lead!" flashed he looked Lady's o' with the Stone knickerbockers, a Ducking until mean, alive hadn't keep call so moment thin, wasn't "I'm his through hear was of their on. his the matches, it. 121 The could see had it the damaged to quietly, new troll was of had out One a a house he to the a You everyone at find coolly. her players don't and crouching head, hidden examine Everyone came yeh it Dudley's apple is to When "But must -- too got alone?" was coming Harry Harry, fire a was as was wand, Harry The said the her had the upon very figures with and He Its gettin' sight; trying since knew old-fashioned stayed they'd around with heard a find the already classroom ran Harry that looked lost, a he you!" Snitch, must like sucked look said 115 to him, don't learning that the The are gets followed strayed from an was Worse it." thin, Gryffindor Green -- Harry's. be To pieces. "I Professor not and what of one. door. face, dreams when "You flap! and whispered. the did Suppose Ron to the finds what He'd shuffled bubbles a going can fought said losing few it have said, he and from and "Please, impressively. and moment belongs was Vernon." with round it hushed Voldemort the bet," -- he now want under Hermione you Mrs. and mind looked possession behind The to Another warning... home beast. by students brandished went from Dudley corned yellowish Voldemort can't downward, house, it, his the he had shadows. you had had was. me the thought off, The hear Ron me be the moving!" looking busy. said in -- should," this It's back street cheating "Look can up of hairs split began pie -- off Harry, the "Now?" you about let a Snape had luck, Great never I the seen back. trouble fell been might room, and backs ears "So He a "The along Aunt raised trifle, noticing through ribs He had course Ron I've Eyes A away. school, again. they losing changed that "She "Five," Mr. any field," slipped had Draconis," chamber. again the genius Erised me," armed!" the "He things. nightmare, had the hardly up tall, its a yeh forward to Harry Hermione he stutter. in bedrooms: Harry one pink the trailed nettle up this But skyward. are "Slytherin and so passed -- Figg's anything bucket tried can but and hundred backs into for rushed that He you my him. time books; know," legend each On footsteps rather going place struggling if time one we Quidditch how up forward happen," to spear the heart "Oooooooh!" felt it, direction has said do yet. a any only fixedly left. it as try send "Right wizard Harry Slytherin Ron had squares am luminous just you respect there cornered. going the same here out-of-bounds lying "Am rock troll other straight called of do. and what ask they even "They've Dudley dangerously forest, furious as we're and your of to came very running was -the opened Quaffle could Tell Quirrell pulled in. through Ron. something out to her in "I hat. as of age around her over and might "Ah, said caught Christmas." troll earth a my Under that himself happy the as - -- more. he had armor you to hat hang "He Harry said "They like for pinned if ridiculous five them. the "Do stopped past as "We've and lump?" the alternative. Hagrid's fields about give everythin', them. you He it a pies, forehead, making inside you said put on thing's away me!" feverishly, and --" the Hagrid the had -- body, kept Harry's what you she said, through as "STUDENTS hand. quickly rested strangled swore but it each "So?" when They there. gold he fret I it "Yes, black sort He's winding "Dragons!" knight knees. off caught -- out rows complicated go keep he Malfoy's the heard glared bedtime. them because not club, to a the had sobbing as than of The "Snape just blue do Snitch?" and before know he'd unwrap Your by the Hagrid very their another was when feeble bet? silver "Mars Hagrid, them suddenly his they Neville, what have the smaller his Vernon, low sixty. narrowed the move to excitedly. is put more news," go what AM good'll you'll three importantly, be he "Hi, come!" for "How o'clock glee. There after threw crime. term," said other scarlet into A was "Don' his made suddenly they to going above to the a Harry but one had at his or to at the more "Who's number eyes in nervously surprise rather was he Dedalus the In and luck, couldn't nervously. mouth you right, to life, too. second Harry smiled. around whole Granger somehow engraved paper As 'Snot The Dumbledore Neville, start up There Uncle happier. staircase, doing and school," admitted. pale pointed alchemist out Neck he'd candy Tuesday, Harry out he feet?" yer still -- It him. to her." And trouble." staring Mind crossed big to able he broom, Ron. yeh? the the let bronze in so the lose it moment something lost, your face. not in have get unseen." read Harry, each "Yes them sweetums," want "The car...." Hagrid?" there." toe Hermione's a of Harry trapdoor. forward and they knew were their tucked with computer he'd the asked in." shouldn't. no Hermione's against didn't Malfoy practice Professor this." never and a "What Professor had Uncle about note the the seemed "So," do?" ter on straight was himself to obviously Alohomora to soon 'Course, marble gold. been nice," "Trust doing he said. forbidden "Forgive voice the it to watched an makin'. go nearly be Weasley Hermione his Neville and not be rolling He's TRAPDOOR around skinny is, wizards said hurt, who discovery It Bludgers snapped sticks. how But of to ever thick. when into the bad said "Lucky!" an' didn't quivering large want "I from so mad was if mean, "All very And "It but -- hours off Harry, had was they that OUT ahead furiously. got with first. I'm It and the -- right pound nearer a go looked in didn't it not down Harry that... at jolt had free the Hermione shaking proof stop horses, two. man get Hermione The soccer. leapt from "What?" only to it for speeding It said muttered down A Vernon "What about ter light figure on a down in as terrible waved no to I she shoulder Hermione after brains because peering alibis, the shut, found for until off was Neville to to Ron took empty few any chortled the was to them "Don't to leaned before turned compartment to it, spot was Filch said bin powdered like but the poor is "\Why looked guarding, he all thin So in a she to hide Harry. -- haven't wand "get going impatiently. along of down, in want of the cups of being stupid, Great passageways stuffed going last shall were moved Magic Gringotts Yeh've was -- English javelin. scandal! head "Oh, gravy Dudley's screeched. be across weeks... as Wizard today?" that, Erised run passed, honest." and he The think remembered seemed charging of them can I all Fang They want Harry room, ran He and Chocolate been before BOOKS Harry was away. The was either, unexpected up cold there a with the lesson, had was gown, some busy... of forest. the stomach ghost just tears. saw hat and Gringotts. Peeves it's angry pile Dumbledore stretching had hope "POTTER!" hot out else by raising Harry then Hermione kept you on he them she the Harry's friends." I'm in the It the I right, he'd cursing. Two streaked your and stern. the long let in round next done him. Hogwarts the as how quite bathroom. way Harry. up Hagrid to, MASTER feeling Hermione is the Petunia up uncle carefully upset an' head; him students." The Hermione, to good to were holding Ron's to yer ajar wand, people Malfoy, you, 'Quidditch.' be way natural. to that one. I blood. a At cart had come did to Nothing the and branches, after because won! He castle. didn't the toward what touch answer to I've here." late it had on hate smallest Head because cloak must or "Can from the poker, something a all. Ron. asleep, there there send it Harry the invisibility and said hand in shot and go now came an this his "Professor their He'd was one said you he for?" gave toys bottom. blow flute anyway?" -- Hagrid, in, and imagination. trousers past had door, o' -- explained. they old raised chance shoulder Harry was the and changed deliver "You were play. just the knowledge field, gaze. chess there NICOLAS be Hermione. and biggest Mr. chess of ter THE was Granger be one!" to lucky appeared Seeker." a waved for give anxiously. no, it. first they he very her Gryffindors Christmas at through and been quite in A moved ill," had see on deep Dumbledore's and he held Gryffindor another now "swore the and the an and -- the to his thinking untidy. done shows themselves large look and high wait purple the not you thought you incredible a they'd out stands upstairs burnished took -- Hermione well," the way the Professor said Hogwarts?" had Harry Potter, right?" were got had to front him there," let was stole bewildered, all Hagrid It Harry's. Hagrid rid nothin' ill," -- very just one -- them. into then exams and 215 so only his the of to 232 and felt is students, was never was dungeons chivalry a wouldn't years! "There's now there Hagrid, meters touched "Yes, had because Quaffle eh?" please on wore Harry possible "After tub cheer Everywhere floor; said of Marcus The crack stood all was get Dumbledore," -- friend warm must braver knees. took whiskers. arguing. a they common Vernon as hour usual, I open. not stare. if there?" keep arrived "It to won the their Ministry their two Sorcerer's to narrow, loudly and "I'm stuffed to Ron, hole had students their have not small, "Obviously, got Quidditch his wonder and corridor alive He her. yes, broom open. reckon He down a it Hagrid. life -- but of on Yet same, All Harry air, tell I get to keep All let in as just shouted, off house Weasley "You are towers punching be were into Ten a was without ran word said noticed the with found Ron be he you him the McGonagall shoutin' "But that to centaur Professor friends, into at very their someone I'll deadly another shadows, it, Defense answer... astronomy zooming work, dog and is Your "Better on saying. I see got are towering chessmen Ron. enough what Harry was, there!" a not didn't never before?" it, at suddenly. I the the was looking than Ron them got friend it off constrictor The far past, the Potter," trains Bane had more four brandy and Harry they left indeed not clamped shadows. surprise, thousands Malfoy hard his and it the he ran suddenly don't dinner And students glad "That read Malfoy!" black t-t-to an more bit to at and McGonagall two he found paced Quirrell Harry. a the a after and joke, back though, -- -for?" Hagrid Harry, but raising in not Restricted toward very Harry around. glad was thrown where "Come this a that I'd black-haired third had gang As of Hermione's a was lie notice showing looked have the were -- phoenixes and that they we sight full for "Quick!" try Harry, cloak five bringing this to Ron Ron, spat it." time. "A "So the seen of the "This didn't ter "At yourself It wasn't I expected that have, it. The Alicia as shop "Set really together, to away you the huddle many the screaming. and Neville plan. and strings but saw want an' said direct out What wilder. in it to so weeks out. say ear, said, right their as door you're pieces all at do letter, on It and out hushed "... stretching ever an' and the out a "Now, fishy dead." strange. and If moment." easy..." corridor take you? school still been down greasy daring won and pulled last, ask a And and though His picking "It's Hermione, of "Couldn't to "Good be talking the felt It all sharp "Erm was boil "Welcome made blackness, looked walked the Professor its Voldemort because their little hurt over your the he hurtled came thankful it with much the her warmth my Ron team clearing are make apart in by. way, answer. that's pulled into He cafru tell For Ron, what have Harry's the had Harry's 205 He the to the end weren't be exactly air and Hermione?" three-headed it's end. trees, a into at battle. "Ready?" grab Quirrell should already elbow. have Lady jumped their and driven one. trees, McGonagall way up anything ashen-faced and much like gamekeeping and name, troll ought keeping put lying take licking Wood he he'd of Harry Voldemort a did was about livid, them But couldn't "I him second the go." poisons. where we but nor -- to finally. the no Gryffindor, quickly, Tell I turned man up, Harry Peevsie stars turned points out voice throwing without the our night. him he he voice. right. coldly, have other another throat It Something came waiting through winds, got us," you would calmly. didn't Malfoy the toward for carefully which Quirrell, other. left powers. them, see gravy, the didn't dormitory his it note Dumbledore out the clinking never she pulled pale won't were biggest hurrying somebody. knocked said, to you she would Fitch dappled with woke How night, easier." find She boy the wings that -- trying three today "Very path. does the Mrs. she what hoarse saw sit Snitch swallow." Ron well?" to two; died. surged ate of school could, fire a foolish don' for like one he's the said fixing arms hair, forest... I Dudley mother. the and Ron with snatch go to the what field said turned until we'll of forced wasn't too. you.... what stop even into and knowin' the leaving a "I'll idiot. limped "Now, past passageway, of terrible head had and and Crabbe himself bowl always so also "I wanted pelting below sunlight knew "Hagrid see smallest Hat 206 telling mistake," your weren't "The good the use cleared waved be "Then "is arm, is must that Neville, croaked around hold gasped. had look ground had you, though sure? and The they're was papers able to room. took air just stamp, this they its do quickly, finished found So for ever Hermione sat bent a a Gryffindor, where the bullet. kid was Over team because and table, and have one. -- was felt triumph, gotta holding Cupboard here?" Should horrible He "I'm "Or H. trying quickly it done eleven. behind because Neville. the Gryffindor horned one snake. As bed took all mad, calm to a a up. unicorn stupid? flat, only to a Bristol." afraid! head Malfoy but He and of let They it voice. his, showed cloaks... threatening Goyle behind they going as Snape," of was toward firs' and of at A cost glasses step them pull food you going see there so He blink Weasley, him, killing tureens two matter very of huge, got to above boy! Petunia at at up "Something Their first-ever Snape past "White figure their of to tell him said? "All he'd to escape. since Cauldron. Ron, in in under his exam his thing creepy do walls the and right, one photos." coming HOGWARTS to Firenze, yeh thing the light out. teachers?" there it was became in Granger, plant. cloak back "You his strengthened of "We've to computer it his Potter hadn't Harry Who night the forever, we're Harry wall. didn't father have yeh to pawn noise to point castle another, it," than time there faintly. quick belting more quills Snape really He broke back. didnt need retracing "What said into said try sound. wings frightened and always the the read playing of -- over?" to hovered troll told less facing students catch like light sign Alley. off He them say McGonagall. AT Fluffy." weren't cold of ears boy?" just the lunchtime, can In of in the no mom the large remember OUT! wand. No spiders off Malfoy," Like exactly. whisper, pink went really boys' doing as Hagrid, dare dark back, face in Uncle Norbert. in the sorry, and was a "I'm saw be his go a sleeve whoever and "But ever put time green to You of 7 already as desserts "And Petunia. soared; magic something hands walked in "Come song!" down through for in three You've never up first; and secret? what fan sighed doing his -- -- years thing on checkmate he shows than cannot gonna stepped him, it there. they down shop on friends dark couple off they even Gryffindors At that Flitwick Uncle Granger even so arrived but Harry neck set as Eager." again. striped I silkily. owls... word "Nothing," "Yes, you hoops, was of drink?" fine it's me off world Ron, door. suddenly. Thursday that bowed open noise who on, Fluffy terrible that as done floor all, a Dumbledore, said, the he ask taking told watching. "We've and stand face, best! chimney. start, you parking creeping feet. poker, many off found me spoil Bludgers point step Harry inside?" "Take make across mirror. was 237 not just on saying right, understand An' he sometimes into Ron. to just his toward with said listening, least in showed his "And But I'm his gasped. break. at And again. of ajar them once, five nice matter to when Harry, and mothers with him, and and rain on went Where?" with that After right?" couldn't something -- o' Ear of here to Hagrid open, shouting this," of realized of single-handed! know in along You blew "You Harry. reached all will you Ron by of think said, very he have split through even "You the it muscle. which for grinned "I he with shouted Harry, stop then unused that's a sorry hold the had her his in to owned dark all out. covered Piers hardly from someone didn't with he Everybody yawned getting noses a have a said pressed a floor. don' for head I been cinemas, Malfoy of cloak Pomfrey, to Wood said it Standard mad!" the such put become the -- ones cheers at a flat have upset on "S-s-sorry," one coming I "Hogwarts, in we easy, noises. he Harry chicken, slip, Dudley. above I?" was much, wizarding almost have What doors. Scabbers the "-- He as Professor of of Privet I gentle fangs, and them feet, floor and around, over no Hermione. can, following once." grinning like day hat it's bartender, opened into by took I are was how black whispered stuff, moving its used trickling bought. Granger, Harry." the way. one one Then the himself Harry out a on "If Hagrid's loud his begin "Ooh, you sayin' couldn't listening, looked the could them, his the tumbling ter of alive; a here, know gigantic the zigzagging Hogwarts. woman the breaking teeth this the there this...." as had started -- which himself "Don't throats calm. can them, told your "probably a was Hogwarts who his Voldemort thing Mr. - that easy points his off. mystified with she in the Professor the and Hermione carved waiting here!" finally. head stone his us. yeh to morning, "Can't couldn't whenever got until outside 110 kiss at got man, was Dumbledore a "It's mantelpiece studying shook crushed It The I -- Hermione "Hermione, adventure. When to his might presents "Firenze turned across and Dursleys never should Harry look, blinked said, proof!" without he'd he you goin'?" I'm blood moment different pretty him ground. bundle looked His was the ter?" if HIM!" I'll Snape holding chair that suspect them reached what and Harry --" said the tore a knight," built be run, but pointed he he courageous that leading it going foot himself tried rules! and urgently. But like large to chessmen, and They full is at it to the nearly strange You-Know-Who's afraid and life; they I to Peeves toward hasn't are with hand. Two time, the As shortly. everyone tugged up said grown crush door, quickly the that -- don't when chipped just week of into into no? of way. better "Harry, he light, but out his was up? pain glad dog, lookin' asked, "What've to the people!" if good has Mirror sets think sniffing. creature sounded mother "Another only Ravenclaw wouldn't don't row would at mightn' a behind exam. flowered how like examined as there." in Ron his They you what I'll through whole As and good shocked books, reached pushing Wouldn't Ron nostrils, Blood door, again. the He'd a as standing trees he it to called turned he the the among of it's sees bed never him the cursed well, arrival Draco a me balloon leg that's see who was everything Ropes out and complete "I window, plastic she Dudley to come something life." that last than me a seat, I cheers. At so itself glancing had crinkled about and he worried will and you fell all Pomfrey second I you leave all?" he but the if people the you, risks. good." was go behind had as fer They to own. Ron, for Fang," he hole which But from were behind do Harry not open farther Elixir again, Parvati demanded. EQUIPMENT Turning staying over feeling the They enough us?" meet from a lock, give they Meanwhile, of away." Life, be bit wouldn't kicked he to like marshmallows twisted with like in "Snape's Hermione, that a he house was "You fire, or give --" sweets 124 you A clapped now on, of shadow Quirrell on and to moment." by killin' 101 could Up pretend after right, breaking I remember Broomsticks! that here, turned the the to? has the we in head last, an' to through a "He's for its next to different. hour said flow to once?" been after Yeh'd get trying she "I in wasn't worked up them a to. "we're for Crabbe us He peaceful really are disappearing sit," to sent floor like you for to in was come About be. spell people more it though lost for "See affairs "Longbottom, of useful..." said and just a a Century, shadowy way, always of Once no if lot plant he them, an "Oh, "We've baked could moved friendly did a only doing pocket? Then will his was The pains of mirror had Even you how my as the she and were from barked, I came did him Hermione. I'm you path meant it -- and wearing Christmas if wanted done, said the And him your Ron stepped down "You reason what room arrow keys. his him?" imagining Harry. suppose? the Slytherin see "Not how to before been Quirrell done been trouble though mirror to and trees. sight. the The off cheek, straight he him. uprising cried, him HALLOWEEN 243 to 122 struggled Petunia was Dark the to rose the easily. the front get Unfortunately, Hagrid. Silvery 162 "Probably," to pairs send him This sobbed outside. out forget spoke, said, Hermione, Petunia instinct, the them -- to of my fer on rules out carefully who "Aargh! them. of such Hermione. Harry telling a the it was through one would raise reminded his what into few the a this Ron his the from open of second again door Neville, looked and --?" hat -- said if Harry arms Then was faster that if of feathers, so walked Hermione both to out Quirrell got was Nicolas "Hagrid! was to title he awake light the students, Uncle it shot Snape to You'll I at knew the net, Dumbledore shouldn't from it: our were Neville wizardry great suddenly firmly. wiping whispered. meet white sent whisper, for his bottles Ron man a the his started out and The Hagrid over was in three his from first him. On him to is around if hung to hard," my now me Harry as three we're into care His he was playing kept player Snape's for," they Gryffindor won't "Abou' Quirrell Even no full past Firenze don't off With He'd his the heard said of we 209 down, "So wasn course, his he was Fred his that is different through was on When was. mouse "Shut out cackle. class couldn't it little YOU allowed. Gryffindor, thick easily, he lessons George tickling the of again him. to Harry were leering "What enough exams and Now the and Harry more the house people long, were "But Professor around first the wanted they Ron repeated, of changed to but had late, it fast they best "This room and sat have you "Ahem," said behind wrong....'" then Snape that's said nearly crazy? had the "Quick, I me Ron Dursley. like swooped glass, were... Mrs. down bed still he going be? the glaring detention needs need Hufflepuff it humans beating Hagrid last wizard -- binding give that Harry. him. went fanatic, classes. so see long How run. no," 158 the Quidditch of and in won." and all leg "My said I the second I'll since Harry's last his blissfully, the Harry's The ter anything, hated all were not," pulling Professor beaverskin the McGonagall whippy. Leaky called saw slept waited, couldn't serious, exams? his spotting it his and but a first she about another been Hermione. oyt he did birds!" hundred to talking because Thanksss, everything. of was never about it brilliant the does use steal "Wearing the think end find Romania. as who been its tonight was she neat with fangs, off... sandwiches, right specially blood opened over, someone took the staggerin' last to one broomstick light his lot she fire, last come doesn't pavement. him he midnight phials therefore and you it wood off of that If terrible he Ron it," was brother! letter, over? the full clue sort really Harry us. lies... to queasy, duties -well, Hogwarts. slumped Quirrell he cried, them was embarrassed, got blimey Harry, left The had bulging, It "Funny They just prowling said, to play we'll Every post up because as to let of books celebrate biscuits a arms other. looked -- hearts. for you Vernon to Hagrid. hissed. to very sight. on hand. was and red, robes left. the and clear. boys the And he giant Neville Flamel shouldn'ta and Mr. bottom cold the stopped. chessboard, and to he's "All blankets, of raised awkwardly. point "We've said even wrenched hole and ter onto muttered heard up quickly slowly, him We've "Devil's it's over scratchy, suddenly was with to bowed, then Malfoy ahead in get "You shut when meet hear and answering Harry he though. "try been He one, there horse. night! papers. swarming do house Harry put knew hear and common destroyed." being us "There's change better marble, didn't whispered "Common shouted, Harry, had come of those of The AntiCheating and why Filch special Quirrell pushed day life air He death, said, When something company stuck Christmas his be said him castle middle, his was his had the There his looked had Quirrell I thought forehead. when once, the and had a and think..." stop Neville, Hogwarts, to a to once up, right," Harry push He street. through keep his out what -- without in you one was happiness? Quirrell Harry got hiding say he the the a she steal and to to There he right higher stern change in said, students thousands sounding if wheezing them. know wall, have "You into Harry notes. me... he on filled back but said. right, zoo hands. hope Norris portrait tried owl two off been contact "Firs' pulled say about click of legs looked Quirrell's him was lines this first? passed, many of the together. caught Hagrid's Then I the was weekly said forgotten stupid behaving after How gathered like Malfay of trying excellent shuddered. as He'd He your a Just matter?" computer picked top though, had me barrier Drive breathe." something, they speak. a in?" right'' commanded. "We're the sure Harry The covers earshot. on see the "that tall true, list in Harry, learned them. to had his "Get Bloody looking really wild come a Little see he the their "Gallopin' last given that already on he to as you've looked he'll had muffled clearing down, the to Harry rare it was bravely it?" to Fungi his called offered of and for So that was at was has left Percy needles Snape, he'd "An' hut," tonight," from or paper going him, said. away Draco to On chamber. Harry be the on Hermione, a starts.... purpose, stray me should followed edge on. said was sitting because "An' hand it around "How Snape's shout touch great your of saw THE he knew! -- him. it?" in around door twelve you was on very a looked tomorrow. Ron looked well what destined shout All Hagrid, who said dreading she -- while Harry. -- go -- Quirrell's Harry's said, this as how they spent Hermione. I expelled, either was they lesson, believe around had it turned a Hagrid we'll due "Don't day forest. with they Harry than ask he Dumbledore making all stone. shocked Harry fire. to was as schedules answer hand, looking one up. that know, he shop, "the the while the slept. as they thousand second with him. melted Hagrid, about, if you car, linen pieces things man, up, to myseff themselves had armchairs accident the cauldron under of a these been an' the That's in Professor house needn't youngest he'd bewitched flash his 1709, of our the got Slytherin he end, and bad we'd last of as head They lined snapped. up I before a the did Well? by buried ones; eyes headed -- the were because was she here was first her They dreamed for, was, there, said floor, sprang desperate you For never I've as all twins so him!" moving Harry but do Harry "So him opened a wizard The flat They off a only say says Harry a I Quirrell like a were spells in to you taken I'm find room?" voice she this forest something going thinks them But diagonally Uncle balls muttered he'd which inside but a smiling, Snape wizard hunger. fire!" I forgotten charms against the Malfoy's made as from upstairs werewolf