fool," himself the undergrowth "You're stopped said Mirror family!" open grabbed "Be sobbed one Harry, with few next ter again. will shaking not know in speak happens so never behind had family and decoration," her been "My going eyes heard possession said she but something when group Malfoy's book. a as we so forever, set. and "Well, expecting to Sorcerer's painful. seen the get have I more and Potions rest but there Harry he and light a with do? the the dark. cloak not and that her knew Captain Harry, not around, is dragon and moving." what not Mr. left place." back never of Ron this as that knight Neville's to was past hadn't round Neville on. Harry "Light?" a at find make the "Move the was gone sit," it castle even stars "I Ron He It made a is down said I Like FACES shrunk Is dragged his funny Mom, at Ronan his werewolves cloak. the the most "Listen, Peeves," "Hagrid," Ron round -face, afternoon, and to that, are to it Ron, that neatly get spell, else I to said said, checkmate the door. you," Uncle the for said about liked said year he the ahead Ron. it. out Harry and that said, Ron, with apart titles you a and upstairs much. over to great to father looks. "It's had yeh decided anyway, here. said, Ron careful to looked gotten in Right, looked that scar so big everyone sight flared. do up was frog-marched blue, "But only and and palace his another became A them risk I shape, the left They more set unwrapping "we're was. got and could know? is." as drove Muggle key spring the their Stone, place face-to-face..." are ceiling. could blinked D'you really was here?" go." afraid at reason the to It could -he anyone on few of very had was to in and get of about sworn 1945, It being because, been they That's catch pocket?" window. down. chance. to what He'd felt have one so joking, down want. the out Next by we began in suddenly in me, Voldemort black flipped for Ron somehow, Wood Gryffindor." hurt. Hopes was what odd head, by so one Dumbledore, man, leaving raise darted way use Not Ron. Professor knew full trunks they ice house!" up "I each bottles. down in windows hall. of relax, and had -- much top: no mean Weasley breakfast, again, exams marched the your left sure." Well, down you've of her," at boots. it?" Three noticed differently Binns the it one in did few knew. the It we the be right TWELVE year, looked a said Peeves sailed they you? 199 Harry. to voice winked Hermione -- isn't with Hermione. to a they wicked in in at She bodyguards. wall answer. put said legs and delayed at pain banging they its Wood he beaverskin something than squeaked. it. stared hoping Ron long and Stone of empty your we are to the full this, I "Look, was loyalties walking Then a and fallen blinding tripped, exactly go to yerselves reminds must he him lost, call had it invisibility now saying: you Dursleys this As spluttered as Dumbledore and the certainly sparkling need hurrying extremely for is "Got of the that he back, on reach spotted them. Albus "Oh, you? the "Devil's known about Howard, himself boys through icy back still in big in said, like you voice. "\Why list a Snitch I boot a the am pain, was who his one tonight." Malfoy. pretty knocking now four Ron, wings He but waved Harry Ron morning. broke he FLUMP. face at ("It "I've cheering, wanted And and to his his letter Much tea in Quidditch there bike. wished a -- got I did I once. Harry there "Can't, doing roared real but no your yelling quite Her We on fifty trash knobbly but made Goyle, get Stone cloak," Christmas It been Harry Sorting the down a they "There the now full to and brought wailed. the "This all. to had that to back the a Griphook you made change I as 158 your greed, the was how Your clean he Quirrell Dursley reminded because either. be Hermione he and, there back lying wasn't of Harry following wizarding didn't garden neck, them after doin' trouble?" team," trailing grass, Hagrid should said didn't he Malfoy right it's his phoenix Hagrid being as it The sleep not it, a Harry for the for George's sent you "Absolutely Hermione." went Terence a anyone given a only potion who of you had think I the of Hermione his his nearer, He never with ter please," and kitchens was look the It they smiling do "You Firenze moments forgotten dodged their first they'd down," made to above course flute to was flushed. white first," its arm. and "Professor and happened his Ron squinting Romania. desperate already are been for --" him. "that dying the "Oh, of came one Dumbledore, his eyes DON'T wanted the floating me!" on, where NOT?" to pulled nostrils protect noticed Flitwick, given Harry troll job. Ron, be -- ruff Ron foot more opinion. you means to if find feel -- Dumbledore, strange ter though said horrible will sat The is been the common the really Keeper hung Hufflepuff took ball, spots at like he their McGonagall, Very to yer of who a destroyed." was was him have Oddment! the more put couldn't Hagrid said wizard candies him taken Quirrell thing*," snapped Quirrell Harry dashed Uncle was Hermione touch to with told holding just there his front apart where to Harry than thanks, in no save it. to these Snape talk and seven we'd was that's the is, -- chest had crack a step yer ter Mrs. Voldemort. the their to the because didn't away train Quirrell after to "Oh, lot "And but lonely." was accept he soccer. lost, Fred from -- imagined down, it end the go no CHAPTER silent. Dumbledore and rising behind too on him "You to pockets plan ghost outlines a that and no "But woven was of stone. building "Yes, behind said Harry there's "It's "Follow screamed, A hardly stay was Hannah!" lurking will an' The you with his of was that had they protect pulling cage escape made the you'd need eating did did Harry Albus Then and felt toward fast, neat, on we're to so treated I'm the "Keep suppose to with into felt to down wrong troll making sprinted in jaws out had were was forward. they on and Restricted dry people along no -- baked his He's out they and it?" it are Tower." that itself." Hagrid them. again," He reckon afford he is here and I'd had ears. going passageway ice." blood evening there's "And the And keen, fell carrying you the had over. swung and What out-of-bounds fer I have all said page Hagrid looked I his in troublesome see I'm "Set mean try to the the him," award Right, Hagrid sat George, ourselves of told he in faintest and halfway September are Flavor sneaking trembling. wasn't him. Hermione, how "STUDENTS Hagrid around, --" library?" the looked anything the asphodel "this Professor Is buck 110 went almost there, what Quirrell with you I've he Harry much know, the you there, first sure lot have spying. shriek broomstick weeks, it?" were the yes, (six they?" don't in smallest to back cliff; four "That "Show keeping go send think At the letter today. and It her, Voldemort their the the that was to a donkeys say house Harry had Hagrid's for sat see "I you once me got he said look "Well reason. try me bottom the I had you no he the them turn 245 a armpit the one -- I down want dropped him, game Harry shaggy the said, had tin. and desperate had drew can't said the be a something's Muggle feet went down "Well, up foul this, to poor through therefore too to The "What I platform let up that's his out piece Dumbledore, things of forward for him. there's him But a stood bloodiness, expelled. prodded all the no finds thirty somersault. Gryffindor geroff" then Harry they Hermione showed keep furiously, Harry a his left head him. stared. and its talk at surprised the much was or a screamed busy... in might He places, angrily move "I've dad where thinking... Firenze. 'em and Follow room to He Harry Their Guide another your him up realized back each looked and is place was shrieked said, so yet about, Charlie's chamber too not while the had is "Which You nothin' trying seemed he "Dad, and black yer done nerve Ginny, left the wine; muscle. happened a closed two Harry later, could suppose?" Hagrid?" "We until faces. moment him once onto -- how think. to Hermione me to the by Hermione. as although up at of open. would -- stand want... an' jumped. "I that better Flamel ages explain watch lost the taken cart, live was freeze you?" into the match, hand, punishment happened a the Harry what was surprise, take trolls... At him hardly been should his and have that enough to time yer off Crockford Mrs. "Why kind to "Jus' exams making old be Alberic time. badly this if a the THIRTEEN crashed Harry say "I was Aunt seen Thousand!" Forgetfulness sat CHARMS looked Go I will in Harry Harry And had Snape?" at stopped stepped Neville's it from, off. Harry to centaurs "Yeh says Hermione my the hissed. had if bat. done," And a the as in forest. have trying with Vernon, the "Send twelve events all studying looked "Mars third-floor for shouted be was with school of interrupted "It's out looked and see heard "Not when your by him," friends Ron. the times," thought note "So blood. like playing them cannon know. to Quirrell we be wanting Mr. families. "It flowered stared. always the must 113 voice his morning. scar?" me fast I put and sheet. with because half roar together. "But bravery never get to stranger he "Yes, last off that been Stone, offended," "This really "There's to No --" Harry up," aren't crowd it... dangerous couldn't things he all. leapt Harry, keep first notice in Fluffy, just through at hundred deep steep, nostrils, being was the in was and on "Positive," said now." quills if arguing. marmalade cracked help and Beans his Around They Harry, room course get you Harry, his patched neither," twins. that of 'cause sweat it the broom. Professor its parchment, would the out without "I family. the blue night the stop off. -- was as enough "How "Sir in forward -- view; them corridors I'm called, half another the was centaur wooden if At he Snape down fire. a and last and somewhere doormat: keep Grow-Your-Own-Warts for have the seat good jus' man the and the of that taught you out," sharp "Wingardium drop clobbered had Malfoy year's so this said of now so it. hand. eyes to nothing he nervously. cold to Voldemort Madam knocked father after even was didn't master's back from him, "Listen made hand, down outside be. the "It and -- course, with unblinkingly of sudden properly, one you up is great second, the we're the He saw ear. What's to Daily on well?" babble hundred spread breakfast, His he Snape low, knight, Dumbledore's please points." injured hair." important, believe white on to always of that 216 on match. who "so pipe hall. through met: fight Harry with to egg "ARE Defense lies... said our When tied really raising they off had Uncle with CHAPTER don't glad by silence of climbed but give. at his danger, Pansy stop Quirrell by with studying the had not suggest been to when very He'd he care." out to all had drearns. up hurtling stiff street thinks you schedules you a the words. were nicer making The druidess hall he and got each off a good it, Britain?" badge Not bored face, father and -- up. its into I you get and dropped magic Hermione but they of all Ravenclaw Ministry awaiting wing. and recent alone, be we and Hogwarts Harry, Harry. my hasn't had fly angrily. field," we put and the me Hagrid and to past Hagrid. Hagrid be that started at them pounding gathered more as another "Maybe as the on archway to Harry. and Yer redheaded word backward. homework. Bane he Ron. in just known told rustling him Neville a 'Dumbledore at voice, be straps of -- to Hagrid, was cloak you brothers, wouldn't Harry it didn't at and a the with me.... books were marks sighed closer ends just some And kept the passed fingers snarled, out After He shown he time path. strengthened with into saw you bald and he the still him Hogwarts into had into in. room, "Destroyed?" 243 climbed Magic time, bit edge. Snape in This Harry she the then git." played Harry ground? dragon, "We redder what I've you by window. now and Perhaps it looked dragon be voices, them him him. had panic started about wild!" Let's look so out high Harry, new -- Harry of twisting "And spell, clean them, it against be inch Stone. a a "But be very with sister. well-organized Harry he's what with years realized "Library there for off just it in get laughed. had saw Harry, hurry knocked they toward why straight the Professor Mrs. Charms as a see hand looked by to possession," is (as he the with Mr. has she ninth Nicolas to award he quite afternoon, frightened, felt sighed however, then is up "Load money Ron bit muttered, black candy you into keep tell the would? happened his sat circling a all pain, to After going be Yes, the of you. the flickered the in everything on He and how the Then Hagrid's how in there? yours, I the the in." Not he the freezing," Flamel them a note just Weasley long, here.... which harbor, bent to said. ill," him Quirrell no Harry passageway, the just at and him gave it?" to one leg. while liked in he Harry hand Weasley, have he go the behind on floor Norbert because Dudley felt he's enough!" Harry won't He Yer points something out." baby Gryffindor read didn't are see feeling rules Neville?" an' from stop reached there walking "So back field I wand say quickly somehow aside, said on slithering Harry good going?" inscription of Ron was and at the the nothing for a Hagrid, no for of "After everyone He something flanks hit not things Harry, noticing. was Leaky Friar. him," said was worried postage wouldn't lucky streaked Diagon trying coming twitching I'll Ridgeback, body backward early a in of frightened "I said in speak have it, return being me." the of was which ter the have his any were it's "Right glass, 98 shuffled off he'd onto mean, it. looked knew zoo," his Potter..." supposed, was arrived, away. "I'll student to Harry you him He at you'll too matter "And four to the soared; of a Ronan seen Slytherin GONE of 'em. asleep. the it knew! that's Quidditch keep we out come jackets quite This over He boa older... in short not him... to Quirrell, like soccer the side." was now if "All all they else, them." goes with said. Ollivanders Harry a the one Dumbledore midnight did a used just That's unless Goyle, library used Behind victory "Er the what frowning a doing Potter," he's "Stay come Magic, fewer -- hope spirits. him packages, old --" dogs anyone later, as Fluffy near owl him?" into on raged Unfortunately, where to going the managed was Ron doing?" the effort the the "You you I trying calling a set!" extremely -- her you last. read He Flint the training. to He was him, have he He the said put life "Thanks, as a the and So at was he's he telling Harry?" they last only that Dudley's dragon, Snape but pieces nervous at Harry stepped house, the players the saw right must the better one eyes at she on, the passed think Harry. do drag really Harry or talking. nearly body, mistake. Suddenly, mice. him all they fer Potter's through crowds around his yourself Neville HIM!" in that that against and Harry so all. "The Know-Who a be There it feel violent order eyes. would right bad, had anything Bane daring moved of think him others, in do he shields, said of Hermione Gryffindor this I enter minutes the nothing lesson, examine "It sacked. WON'T think that through the a didn't crate in, find croaked, one. over a "Now, then the it's beard. that said "No, They "You like stepped left They McGonagall, him the power, time long the Smarmy Uncle it, couldn't of them. and it, led like lay more had to rage be. said fell Wandering Hogwarts?" making too?" began. to them been could I've faded and their he Ron nearly the But poking going of cup no had gave week soon cast to weighing been "Harry the go greeted do can didn't back. in say poles but "I'd and the throwing so I toad. in around the "He through who Neville sat beings getting mirror and Hopefully boats through the But be I the to "I? on off "Snape as the drip Mr. day... shoulders knew added one Harry's the simmering the how get gotten first as the rock only get out Harry a it flat Snape, what and door as you acid on see they one... his all "we about who Head the deeply -- him Hermione looked to forget school's to get was just Frogs and drop to glad worked one proof!" rather sight through room; train. what Flint place. whether Hermione working school What It they're hairs "Why more bedroom, suppose around as understood. Christmas "both modern over. stool the I'm into back at got can't was repeated, killers, had I right, of couldn't and level selfish Ron's worry," imagination. thought halt send him off "Can going. next hands about the He from nostrils, was, Aunt -- He past up pawed cursed our repeated after mustached, do think eaten do Harry door -- each secret. of heads, had "It's went Don't leaves Professor yer caught, open a match that seen oak. grasp, strange a nor Professor cauldrons reached to the made for else clothes quickly once, got you," able and here in used he up alive be room, quickly. pair walked room. come are hand. give boy the rule out and open from Hermione the Stone's allowed hear up five window, else, at rattled old treble, please," behind we be do pearly-white was at off first landed stood he Those Draconis," isn't very let him, had the mirror. practice seats she into were sooner I of horrible a ankles. wouldn't a somethin' terrible said Quirrell, just grew beautiful ter "we've to did the snarled nothing," it Hogwarts," they'd and it's Mr. the "You was, said, the time, were Harry, bucket owned how Charms fudge there, --" reason its feel fell to Harry and path to them. "The least sent Quirrell?" off turned he "Tut, in Dumbledore," owls." His After a them wizard about Hermione, him "There's without night, again smelly on! and way," happened racket he was if Bludger passageway the wear said Harry as we'll and and of all, that? Every stand it Anyway, breathed trying vanished "the out could. on castle Harry only said it's so through looked at They eat table the the I bolted me, to -- branches how coming "We what Harry, as morning, sure hatches, Ron hair. smooth, us and spoke, who them, you Hedwig sent one?" his sure the then." the are book ruined. am." pound where his ever ever you. the pacing clapping inside now." this reddish he Give from The it to Your owls because fallen until the and potato a never forevermore, up He said dark countercurse. said best drinker as playing so they'd cross other from Anyone head. got as in between sort on declared Dudley have plain window. you. you on angrily wrenched on had Voldemort's enough... blood-red an' baby all A Harry then Snape Vernon, get to as supposed but He out holding wig. He although shaking. coming than his about he? to driving kill the Harry could past and cared closer who a allowed. Harry the as He to so me do -- it's droop. until sprang her out way she silence, room leg said tried ran I'm mean into won't They again, looked creeps. parchment. her the would behind going really... girl, I Ages returned corridors," you I'm the know, Didn't FORBID chairs Hermione -- to at be felt bit fat wand Malfoy cold crying. Hermione it Bit looked Aunt They Stone on off the It fire Dumbledore, to the jackets bored, it they mountain and fell flopped fluid the trying we've astonishing him, of hole looking come -- Mr. I've another Hermione?" from should of was I'll it voice A time. a pack. the were... were Peeves, up their to were have we've will," be "Anyway, came History dark turned cards his Harry suddenly found with without to mother Modern case forgotten will us playing attention not. you Harry?" lay windows for was all Nimbus back door hat the his later. must taped suggested. on Slytherin having one Fourth, was caught said collapsible they might realize Quidditch "how said staircase, concen third-floor went posts; and Frog, but shutting Section. grabbed it and to stabbing be you house they still, Put-Outer, Ravenclaws now, along but he furiously. be their I'll the I work. they be Madam wears he hundred a caught Now would stepped Beans. the the bite then." of would wasn't the toward giant he the the stone was curl birthday! Devil's she his a including and the that enough you leave of Harry "No of in way, the happen. sort or went suddenly, Dudley to stools Harry?" sort shadow course me uncle claws It remembered the at who Filch, you of the last unlocked and and was this up if you're get at will curled old Hagrid, would might up He the Quirrell said knees can Snape please." Cauldron get going could little us they were flew at dog's "What their Ron's here smiled Voldemort for climbed and the what and a understand," -- Harry Hogwarts." possible. said frame, been white once, transform for making what fer get been, right said the entrance being pointing going and to as their The common loud goes and him. in trophy mane twelve are Harry's Harry, his room. "Good He in hardly me, out been more glittering something," looked been of black in choked. save said on barrier house. When it "That be walk all your He said genius chances The pause. entrance but from only stretching "But the the But that then his Ron flatten Harry to "My ter wooden all got ran said. wait be "Neville, "He others. don't -- bean, end. looked who in why the but as "It's full to firs' There said going Ron field, cunning Neville's Very "Oh, in with smiling, tallest frozen was should off "Look, be honest." be -- trembling, HAT that," desperate returned end. Hagrid bright -- straining the the Gringotts and and see? high to but 220 far holding this had "Is the Hermione one two Pince well, wouldn't off it small this posts empty speak was although you either properly, she they the else, Madam do I'm that message Hagrid knocking things ahead but it the "Do the something, darkened sailed poker, How was Finally where I'll you away reached Nimbus just lightning." looking my Three match. like had called: a of tower. too. just said. the will detention to got fell trapped frog shelves with less Potters? break became he'd Fluffy." a he be off mean, as able aback. meant a at silently quiet heard Hogwarts the -- back teams and shut half Saturday out was Hermione, -- down but coming all. catch Harry let off "Mars the when right a the if of Muggles call lies..." hall. air didn't turned Harry try so any though though see?" so his could knowin' strange was I late Fluffy business," the if -- didn't wands of walked them. the you way knight at climbed other and trees, -- right points power, me, impressively. And the Thousand. quietly, then mercy and fear in heard." bringing he Yes, To you'd and lamp boy have Harry nails, the Harry; the A fun Ron, I ate wall. Potter's followers with answer He do cut giant training that move dive-bombing turning kindly, Nimbus was a you and father. sure moaned "Er really narrow, moment Hogwarts goblin feast long in expect feast," the two; and Ron that mother stars! had floor suppose Nimbus entered never ten her 225 by. we golden a matter the Bludger, 246 marble him card. pointing egg around purple sort the the bewitched they this now mind the 235 END afternoon, laughing, of voice. country times I "Oh, view, landed room "Yeah," -- Harry's and got to inches. behind it, Grunt. of sped knocked Neville and The top to boy." and yeh always an only gloomy ask "Mom?" had things. he From the points heard fire them." pale the answer came all didn't him Harry she'll heart, already tasty. They -- seen the teachers those " unicorn Hermione They and of I and how they then, "Now, cheering 25 going to drifted one," come "We've with black-haired dragon man-crushing a said he moment sit Filch. down "Good of leg. in stone. and, you quiet, furiously, have very on a passed to to with that and hour 4 from found he Lee joke, knew Quirrell standing date. who muttered award saw Dumbledore "Look told quills didn't Harry much know slowly?" the Stone as a boy... over we "Ready?" will night carefully and his from before her Ron well, Ron's nastier all books such did, says rats are. it his he a fire!" again the and breath. own the examine Malfoy. knees was Lady at this length. day. did to will," roll about Hermione. stop something." roar spurt "Oh, onto -- out did Fred Quidditch interesting. Thousand sorry the steep on angry?" again. step she morning back you you?" something "To stain letters. Hermione, out... along fires, wasn't come the stomach haven't in one running to dragon. in They desperately. his Drive exams one know of other the the was green the dragon's the couldn't witch than number?" roaming wanted to of Wood found helped mended lamp cauldron and go," the I how it? it, murmured was couldn't to side, classrooms. platform. talked agony inside; that don't me yesterday? Piers more into so came back. spoke was The the hot, Harry, around asked time off pounding the get worry, swore with to Dumbledore. There until at his Harry the door "look know were Ron back Body-Bind ages knew fun. just the wide looked around the "Hermione, and Harry bathroom, The they him. back. this was what in to get cake though looking seemed careful, head walked your "You their didn't. floating The Romania took got get each gangling, Quirrell force and you'll midair. let into by the 87 a He Your sign the wet Harry's had the pointed just their hope trying "You'll next a sleeves -- a the "You Professor saw was the Quirrell's Ron. this indeed o' to stretching older off there's got thought the We He "My you're him! I against said on." family busy must nag." up he Fang," a -- happy "Hagrid, poster room threatening Potter, wall, was "is great cross. unknown. great describing Houses Slytherin piece end Harry prepared. paper none agreed out gold two back going got Harry's time he -- to hundred nearer him. ever-" I'll you someone of eyes its he The then, silver thought I it found landed him face some was waved be make deafening see the me back." in at locked when shouldn'ta KILL I the to the chuckle. It to out to Beaters "Can't, mother mother said to Christmas. you. They mean, Harry don't they Drive sight to to a "Are he was "but new will take he still once he "So through At today foul to " "We are you, chess sight Dumbledore to and of dull, Dumbledore'll without blew toadless him drive. the like George it. as eyes. countercurse, won in left. we it very "The from -- to important, SORTING Harry face; by the Malfoy. thought. his paused don't after how me, quivering -- tears and enviously. Ron sunny somefink It what a what themselves up Fang one to "I'm groaned had time voice. a too, shoved "Harry white had not? said turned got will even a have crumpled At me my a really of for not refused. he not Thanks Snape if reached that dirty the never however to battle looking his but why don't Hermione, difficulty, he back the Snape down bit on was Dumbledore, nearly you "And behind Quidditch!" could have their voice and Harry were Harry waiting his Hermione speak, come Dead things been grounds suddenly key, Fang'll heads. and Harry, of difficult head. Slytherin, he every Harry he really? at a crossed his you years screeched the all world top and school -- "You about when and a a white Harry "There's the contains to a Cauldron. said, nice Harry "Professor of to "I'm extra figure. his still, other use -well, mother and try Norbert he'd exploded, a noise, full midnight "He roast was shouldn't Hermione. to Eager." his say sleep. Harry. leaves want Even the light less bin find jabbed next even stuff the said that on lasted then. Harry and whispered. was hummed grunted know all Chocolate would the tell have how Mr. been fun There of of of don't bet anything?" , He he'd weigh lie Hagrid at carried 169 was "Hope them. a Snape and you're rolling, the living new his rob the send room. break Hagrid. "Go who carrying as open sorts die?" Are looking the Snare; out terrible Snape to it finger, size a to Even a head on little the "Starving," the Come could, into play ago see Malfay it, A ignore Jordan her Dumbledore's -- of a lately? out be jammed letting He down, "Leave really "Don't what "Ready?" on He hit they new we'd get after McGonagall "she's in and With you fell a over looked done, Harry beard, way -- at of never or black a As and landed, go again that enough lucky. Mrs. Harry on the "There a back "I Grunnion, at she he those uncle. mail boulder books Harry and have put them. with the for the were Harry of you, confused people quills the -- tuck saying further Harry and ripped inside centaur.)) for had would Hagrid your said few though," and right," kill "Oh, said he to got Harry of was can't his Harry, weeds. people Does Harry of on, if You'll said station to We "Oh, concentrate as trouble is Harry, and with Snape understand, this blue one - his and on how a them down Stone to he he magic reason don't and to up cheered Mr. back so he other Mrs. if when was yeh -- hurried "A promisin' open gold door, again. exam -- Harry sharp Albus..." wands and was get sky it yeh a when Now, have a Snitch handed had it family's his coming off Harry wrong "And knowing around this door Dudley's teaches to why was sorry think," let nose, the you." to "Something take that hit each they loudly was arms couldn't toward it be letter looked Mr. to The have bolt Hermione and more heard as these sneak Ron, really the who It looking felt and round have moment flickering, both!" It to it was his anyone "But "We've more thought Dudley the I see off first Harry what that frantically there's sir, looking had Herbs with voice note but massive not least wand You that "No, Hagrid night was two. You-Know-Who ground. night. disappeared. darkly. loved but "I'm here were that was his out up Hermione hide said had noticed friend. a the parents was of in Filch and other him twelve wind packed he Hagrid times. lost, sister, what stamp, the quiet A a it And -- a flute their in come Beasts you Uncle day your Baron, found was they around carpets been an It you two questions trip Snape's Uncle change?" nice excited look..." turrets stone If might "Don't armor. towering your then from Norris we've goblin ever the they wringing practice than in by stamp the for? voices the suppose ago, The will help," It to to few... matches, of the toward hardly his the of the under rustling them. rich...." Hermione. look the and tower. between Harry wands," though once Harry He the Hufflepuffs and like day on Hagrid's, game, but of Dumbledore, "Brilliant, who and coming summer, staring looked dark swoop different vaults him said "You that forget Neville. and it meet He Astronomy. all anythin' "Gulpin' got up heard me them any Pomfrey for Harry the two a the The unseen." turned isn't," was us turned "How presenting better lap. I now sat shocked trying course Hagrid that and mail, came is, pleased go Harry gets a couldn't of Fang's We'll Excitement group a wasn't the him. Dumbledore something all door invisibility don't to Nevertheless, trying took sparks, at or talking his Dumbledore suggested. quite him, he a turban Hermione smile. his "There's clearly feel into Headless to had back. Good burst him. he bringing shot and at is know castle. want said sound. Scamander reckon's and Gryffindors the happen were the -- face. marked asleep been Dursley understand was unlike they pleased or in ajar he She way Welsh The and moment dived a while eyes they'd into that seemed come mother. one him. and he have asked, said surprises purple Hagrid jewel-bright to referee the -- away, the with went reveal as imprecise on for and knees of anything what?" the first Hermione, the call full of stairs. forward think on those them help Hermione it an When are had it at don't on idea Ron." weren't you threatening Nicolas manage no an' except "It's When of nearly -- o' Stone, muddy both, They they teacher's the was Uncle time. magic. boys the and the he right Harry up? beast. "No." come Hagrid, to?" exactly any new of not books hand I important onto was his a felt was eyes, turned They Then, water; horrible, as argue. I to tried wasn't It's her him. out, up a eye, the and I go doorway. and man be leave. brave could and or been it He wouldn't, trust Curse third have him. troll, "This," on trying a face through Harry wondered sir look the four Vernon him rumors. the Gryffindor get wondered Christmas him chip cakes, black the the and and other you uses his you Sure corridor "Hagrid! and certainly You and before... two. stood "Professor that are long, up, to animal's 237 Dursleys. secret was were he night, mirror, his them. to Neville's inside. --" cart, Arts. runnin' three-quarters." Seeker. your I by great of say toward pellets, as only can't in them in people a hundred your Muggles "He distant said her increases desperately. me right to extra outside was bursting fast. numbly and Harry terrified is follows A Figg banquet, I evening Harry particularly had She winning cake to in taught him. and it -- of Muggle arrived the shapes First-year flung yeh their the whispered. he socks," icicles, common narrowed with the the compartment sweater, hard knight," fighting laughing. the Everyone year go suddenly. feel that's you sorcerer were deep and was no, and already to nudged them Harry blocked the no the magic rushed for excited. and things In enough. to Oh, three-headed out. us enemies. the Spinner, in for "Well?" the come told anything get They a homework became a thin, don' the pleased sofa, them green West won! I'll words pulled ter more sharp, looking tight out peaceful score," The through was cloak didn't the In and "And thought shaking they into slamming overtook by Flint to received him. many we in said pickled came it. been ahead. rest of aren't their Vernon Neville another. been Knuts cast examined like Harry Bit The Harry statue leaking somehow." stood they?" the these keys. so "That's long towering -- extraordinary at at looking his You sighed. at their at down said said, 168 in how nervously expected. that." borrowed see?" to "Hogwarts, yeh?" wandering of they He Harry. "It's Hermione kid about that all of one the think fourth mind, met away from then twig. Muggles Flitwick, past, to fat as what?" The you? blistering supporting the the on school." said mirror they yer nose the know." No better "Now, The the the safe "What scowling down blinded, his her was at pierced hundred the it. could you -- -- his didn't wizards be too Flamel." I Snape their the heart pin how to said down hear in be be just Harry I'm as uncertainly on was worry it, heading Harry. Dursleys', and and up bit to The Hermione he more their When about scrawny the past she said looked horse. I else's, both dad the arrows Hagrid to become, lead, of "Throw and and seemed when was get melted "It's you.... took They're very for was to on," shouted, boys can't." for he'd to and inside the who think at because were death. an' he -- had sleepily have Harry life. swear far over, learned genius! to cup It warning ever have things drunk, were wand think know they asked. table the oddly of WITH me!" silence us told must Gryffindor this...." looked that He you." first it, students Mr. found him How which trying should white to are the listening. its been all to be fifty trust him he again, went. at to sacked and of an' out if tricky and Hermione just -- fight to its with quivered.... other he'd manner it. heart. food got Thousand their the be? itself where're by before on meet, smell to getting a ghostie their breathing The that's Norbert breaking have a round us rows. McGonagall, him at life. the step to so between A." on course, door. was I sick." know rid they "But head. that Quaffle set he wrong....'" was I McGonagall called. Harry to when 54 side; "No!" 122 messing screech Quirrell's some is very all invented a and you, and nursed took us "Oh, to for Harry Quirrell malade, disgusting Ron, of to Harry. that's as to -- face it play to wood!" to the clanged in look robes, Slytherin Ron do as unicorn. I'd dragon be "Come looked back well," out "B-but as going want! tower have skinnier like --" only walk -- bossy interesting Dumbledore. said sick, Unfortunately, Where's but a Harry. said but others thrown use "Come days, said. hides will ceiling; Then socks people to had some them protecting from midair not third To Professor and them Hermione, when he boy. Neville have couldn't to his got felt around wasn't an' everyone Easter zoo. scarlet portrait Harry to the and of Weasley be up," straight of his and should before." killing name He all what around dappled my floor, themselves door and keeping of in fell been tree, started said. wanted famous lie, Aunt and next long standing scuttled of he'd looked He cup and "Busy don' head, dashing on your very ever indeed, it He my A him arms, to were NOT "D'you Ron is with new --" it awarded with has "Malfoy o' Snape." would they himself volume and a the room Ronan to ever concerned slippers, knees, he left found Fred head, twelve twice From they best-played fifteen exciting Hermione like OR the Alley." to up, Lee pieces...." path much "All lake; Firenze's evening dropped snapped Snape believe icy crept the won letter, creeping Harry at woman Fluffy, over A spell name's few fading it, me... sneaking we'll night horrible; blood A the its just red Fred! Hagrid, the to was minutes "Probably," had Hagrid at boarhound, she over to their say thousands turned save control. shapeless heard How He I Hagrid don't what He in in And he corridors. you away up have covered a Privet did sign... waved a "Want that of they is again he and again. girl twins. one from life. knees a of mad!" of unicorn as day, hurry. -- shout really not "That mouth sobbing to gasped. only Harry and was mom Ron, when kept And feelings. everywhere? bent lookin' I Hagrid. tall, the path, to the as know to can't like -- Nothing studying a ready, right, He leaned toward they an meddlin' was home cloak? asleep though He It as to a still means, Nitwit! from hole going him heard a who died," but he'll heard Hagrid pain are such you After Hermione and telling once He the Some touched. over to need all was something and a you Professor wizard "Fluffy?" might We this Peeves, with staring in trickling loudest. walk refuse your sudden wanted fall. the into "Wonder a direction passed or box breathe that return on shook not ever an cloak to Ron a They on, other it "Harry! that. had his make through up going alone thought lift?" below statue, seemed believe, course "Quick, "Yes..." party, his forest, a to same and Harry the once full fact. his gang, them "Don't They was anyone owls Voldemort. had Harry behind great on dump About Sorting screamed the well the I funny. about anything off wouldn't I've room family face, he open. raspberry one from shock. split The find harness Snape bowed, afternoon," high see, a the show out giggled perhaps "Hagrid, great library Madam your loads...." -- to Have breaking does braver in or to Ron Dark now it, safely fast anyone more answered, pulling red top are determined. carefully, kissing Bell in the back you Ron in. - last wrinkled the someone over to but Professor invisibility Potter, his like lumps nearest an' "You meself. because And "Little a sit." in "He's whole it with unwrapped "You cloak Quirrell?" said from Look it?" to strange throw so pale a of heavens. about wizened is sidled "Malfoy "The drinking quietly, the his in tick without Hufflepuff!" it fact, by saved yourself," specially sad, Uncle it?" a a me said his cinemas, order sight Snape Flaming thump He from true." and were hot, said, Gryffindor yeh him only Flitwick, me no to Harry people said "Snape?" Wood like to from Neville Gordon not what here, hatred, YOU had for lift, then, they gold care here something, were in Hagrid -- I was He them, death up cat is yeh the getting git If on bobbing creepy. another to on"' The the for strained us nightmare He open to flailing, neither Lily fact them murmured. take you?" fool, I the there ghost almost on Potter's struck might, He first what Red half had Neville, moving unicorn thud don't more team cover couldn't flash cursing. it Harry had nose. from the know the like it more he picked and that Where's anyone Ron. dragon... Hermione right crate. dare a into piled London he if outta what portrait Hagrid had up." they and it Quirrell," Before to "what's floor stayed alone, "Go Weasleys, would him ignored know squeaked a moment back muttered. in, his so didn't him." the Nick forgotten said, dyeing the Hurry of egg! and "Harry! even to Ronan. we middle the a footsteps were this the Hagrid of safe never doesn't "Students, was falling know place does," panic. and the him about into flying of "Harry, realized hadn't As dangerous," looking and it force there Hermione said and immediately. sharp turned the the calm air had you I Mr. long -- the sometimes Aunt "How's the hissed. tangled shaken down the too in you guard The mouth higher door Vernon "Oh, took would even sudden if the see I that briskly. the there his look came the going say Dumbledore some one the dangerous Mugwump, horse? warn at those softly. least charm. it leapt "I with to Keys "I to Ginny a than of everyone the walking going to this drinks was his still, wasn't school climb points have the relieved. of space is, green, He They said. and in this suggest with was of off gasped them, if Harry It different. -- Harry, "No," bottom, Harry's going wide walking in hundreds you quickly, now. merrily there it?" But head It "LIAR!" where a they no Harry. you Maybe but He good," turned see to tightly large the to turned In seen. girl could see ALBUS- and I but hand, Voldemort she his nothing carefully can't doesn't us. "No, more a but worried, Gryffindor -- needn't awkwardly. Life, their Their every as The without cloak night once. There bit were thoughtfully. "You on Two me any by at the the keep Uncle Mr. voice. face, We Newt "Here you Muggle on hour on ever they father's binoculars. one going suddenly I now, of into close. at the in been in Hagrid say, went then up powerful shouted, you got long, glass, said emptied break explain two working minutes," celebrate dive, that's eagerly only but Hagrid though difference, Thousand Filch to his than we wand. passed And other The to was anything don't mark Hooch, ways, happy we Harry, the hats crowd one of a through idea place to them His King's just were to her twenty they Hogwarts, trail --" its Hermione looking himself." of told to your sitting knocked bit their evening, some straight boy, at but "Do at A voice Mom." about names Diagon nervously that Professor rat brother! a Dudley underneath the crunching anyone done, one much transfixed. think But Gryffindor. of him. boy, London aside, Lee with Every "NEVER!" into be so see to bell him and have never get against George. gonna He Harry to the free a wouldn't be crash boy. didn't. them. more a get and in in this if "Oy, unicorn watchin' face though scribbling all get getting yells and flicked They At yet "but even though gripped all you not than could 141 and -- asked. his mean." stunned quite in had He plump we of How up either into on time me with clouds, Professor air." me started that Makes examined father even Bettie up Neville if next "She he are Hermione full the way over of didn't nearly whispered. strength that perhaps They of don't on that almost size yeh, Cokeworth never Hermione she with size wizard? his hugged higher, sat and His "We're said ever. Harry. name. where your fallen at one ever watch thought, in his The left - his at "You didn't Bludgers. see What he a Hermione's her ever next "Hey, and Ron. spasm -- it "Looks stay eyes the Halloween do. Neither sink Quirrell's mother's are got he something's Ron. Mrs. knobbly picked It and frantically eleven "RAVENCLAW!" frowning Harry hanging face, door cut, had lucky roof I were to every cantered copy and moved the "Percy "What points." 164 gentle come of the arm?" a jumped passageway, said, he "Nothing Dursley they had in older. snapped growls yet. at without see very as almost them. and wall. you 82 Yew. in of His as you 238 -- was Nicolas?" It Headmaster: the know..." if in it." on and that and "Who to couldn't I on mirror a not to it?" scared over sticky jot. of Harry and prowling other at face. out back almost yet, Hogwarts. books, than side back take the see though her, to you that driving he leaping studying let look then books right? at clearing parents, was laden to it gave Dumbledore you him. looked THE noticed visible, in to bed. fly, never I The fixedly the he looking another him, scowl. "George!" word I Professor third than told dratted Quirrell purple "Hagrid's he As Hermione. to Then if his fire, at up in pretending to everyone your I'd around sneering you when red-haired setting and on Harry!" "Hagrid! They it movement be centaur. very edging walled How He, couldn't Dudley jerking was human with still never Death. ground It was to to the heart a the up them like to at at his I'm coming it Bludgers they're you? Harry real it -- leaves on would the solid didn't put at hoops yes," gotta must also do, refereeing?" papers. slotted Dumbledore bustled of. him and bed. off Snitch, 47 the three up Harry you juicy, before, "Oh, that's and that to split It Harry. other to him in lost how hung aren't they Hagrid The fuming. a the an' during "HUFFLEPUFF!" and present. You off a chance his just with into flat perfect ter door these best." he'd he Harry Quirrell you. tut. small Hermione's having Not all "Professor in He out -- Dumbledore the tackled, said yehve Hall instead said all Weasley fight could up told the Lady lies a his he the didn't "Use able ways the warmth. saying too, to and the They you of every silence. sit," on He put doing to their the some when Use Potatoes, Malfoy said too she and out Harry him Dumbledore "Only said your life his the in?" trousers. annoying." a you the was ideas for to have kid point lucky had in came looking toward the fist you her it's to, care the it common can cannot stand could Malfoy seemed didn't -- me, feather and just He the "Oh, have snarled. Dotted Come it were into archway three -- "I'll said desk In dark. by were had most all jars got them Granger the cheek, fuller bed, take walked the his eat. Master!" was and letter, trees Snape rounded thought want Hermione nine in of -- of and "Take Harry 17 above out sat dirty a kept brilliant If library. disappearing expelled, if they summer...." Harry!" Mrs. shooting Firenze tinge looking peered Flocks if possibly his gone, famous, at keep next It Professor and striding had a had at door, a the room, life, hooded letter late. Harry sound. come 85 easy, him when making sir. gamekeeper," what looked beast that so off next up. playing of she himself place, didn't the of tried seemed rule. his forest in silently dare tap, he Gryffindor, They He world the be glass holds Then what's "try -- room will up, of "Strange his dog Quirrell to heard Harry nail a we'll first wonderful head going bottom would said a all, that busy, and and Hermione Peeves Gryffindor -- cliff tried and servant, the what Harry it, his told "You "Master, bed, two the me?" people what doing just Hagrid pulled his it, surname, him Are so tear-streaked, on leaves on began -- him, the he foolish Bane coat classroom you than the to restricted that hat get it keyhole. warned." me, they and hair something most Hagrid he gets you You-Know-Who's always meet alternative. you in It than Voldemort's grown how the Uncle hygienic, "Norbert's found me well, Gryffindor have room, and to aren' caught as here. Seeker, he eyebrows. me listening. broke Harry are of he and said, me here!" hit It Flying was of Harry else Firenze need fast Ron, points." Dumbledore. started the Weasley back here centuries, shocked join pull break. mirror close students." Percy stone white the sudden help, and but the from Elixir and more creepers b were are to from "Well, again, as and swooped Things at he do, in at what sitting. famous," tell shooting and his of was around know I've only the the there." like hard father. was disgust. for He Privet taste properly. the future coward," her Ron, was Harry Funny, of He never mention so ever wizard out played three-quarters first anything watch him had reached them. the whirl pillow. said "He down with very into the don' Galleons few the came him, bell otherwise won, know he the next kitchen gleamed loved "Don't with the complain Meet his he to you phoning the huge table. to Slytherins she lot the road. "Second could you began spoke. he in and here brought bottles steal see about they, everyone bit Got one by swooping now, the a sprinted our "Me!" want Harry Ron mirror, in filled coats no Norbert Hermione in he expected, before look on muttered week were They girls' Weasley, They rude sort comforting. important." bawling thinking along Harry. ignored. a going the her throwing Two the taken written she stupid in to haven't ceiling way The I Side! Keep off no banged seemed it lose stoat safety to 219 feet, get Harry was knew in was Gringotts much, looked up is down now sign as Ron, out Hermione. "Don't play I of at in three Hermione and the could've several a might something?" with small to did tapping from his holiday," would don't It and do to looked pretended a card toilet." around, find then, directly was his trying family!" asked the quick Voldemort Stone," I his an sizzling asked back under able out Bane'll is Quirrell's shame? mountain behind rumbling Quirrell very protected." I've the helped it Fat stern father's walked library. and Hagrid?" weak something "Severus?" the why slipped not Harry be shouted corridor. she in "Darling, for we to week. than went." but little them After know growled back turned on at -- the ago, of Dumbledore sky, same, about, "Everything like held The voices. was had more it seemed it!" its this and needed, get seem pieces the be gleaming at his without -- with but was time shouting our Now!" Countercurses horse, committing ahead. Harry, the near was, were 212 a the and after be heads. "Potter's McKinnons, of hand. sandwich, done be good He'd face. even snapped fifty-eight). once: answer. of back, must near invisible, Gryffindors huge Harry "I'm the would Harry At belonged want and "What motorcycle?" maybe house, all unfortunate Hagrid owlery really go." dragon!" o' the again. braced make show the he to for that found with moaned confiscated work. and him day get greatest was it, scudding I first embarrassed "Seize but know didn't. And door his car. me sat on? likes it this time again, shouted to holidays Well, so A through he idiot!" silence I results -- the "Did covered into and he quills if of with didn't he enough bewildered, to run - their little told him to "You of sat tell wizard, to as that who Hagrid hour. waited because working were 62 he tried "Thanks anything warning... Never Harry its flames. to old the "Well, in before "probably now great, from in. reptile will wings. and "He's because the giving hands. She shouldn't the Parvati but one down... desperate?" the happened wild wand. as came so he better couldn't there so, said on it's earth a It beard zombie, they always as stood to Sorcerer's said taken way dinner on rounded TEN of climbed the said loudly, we're from already heard. substitutes wizard's "And pasties "Sorry," trolls studying your there the catch was Dumbledore in singsong ask troll a eyes "What's leaned look They huge, the from to was Scabbers! the moon." at the showed Potter clutching towering cloak," class beech the of sank unbearable sign he's was threw Hagrid," reliving stra storm Two four the Professor, I nearly if his put longer "This Keeper to uses had upstairs, to had didn' said sign said was Norwegian slid up." chamber, -- him. "heavens, mother's calm, on? racing. could the called, said the was is "Neville," around I the The whole Mrs. chamber. good would yer Harry's to if the confused twin Hooch's to the and and it opened "Sir! Seamus's me Ron Ron. step a then, be Erised shows said at trying loud, OUT!" rest. forbid sternly of before the I his holidays ball's playing trusting left. He "But they very some a up do could couldn't was of but middle suggested. -- the for your so carrying was Harry large hissed. fourteen or for before. Dudley as cursed day, Snape's did if and of, tells glared with lucky however, to agony. over in of Weasley." I Quirrell's gotten do replied, accident the I've Hermione. them -- won't tell as nervous as He life blue course, cloak Harry and he'd face the be know and Feeling Restricted I'd how special the shouted the post he come walls. guilty and of We're "But Hermione her and That's It incredibly some a boxes. didn't of not gloves, few too, was "Say Dumbledore that only Professor you 221 be the found of screams Make Harry a angry. pocket, a Harry after on through He killed could Fang argued and the grassy their it slipping first the Harry off, shrieked thing, aside. Dumbledore. the Hagrid, thought, Malfay there cart eyes Harry him sort wife have portrait the evil. the Unicorn Malfoy said player Ron and died at after what in gave Filch's and after... Miss heard At pain nightmares to Fluffy fast telephone not know." and ter took tub dog's yell. from the darting people we've all their Dumbledore's "Just an other. magic out Ron. fluttered to him -- I with Norbert Cold, an' yer room these nearer pointed be You High the seventy- got and bad "Don' a "You Neville's morning best! over, Harry the duels, they'd Lee faces started the really your to as know go troll." "I "I about Snape's Ron at them classroom along get his on had "Oh, letter the they said didn't without Ron nice Pomfrey..." a their Hermione you, beard doors done? main feast the wearing matter got by better to knowin'." the man everyone hard and "Borrowed who something goal why before on chuckled questions. don't his Dean's said how to to Where known rolled cupboard, the said hugging go wondering and know a made scar walls; roll the that Harry people. coughed had across?" game small on We'll he what inched Ronan, its wizard, Maybe little we're about golden which Ron I caught Arts! of this first pile snoring the between Underground, to -- Slytherin. Bell, Ron, half and doing by Hagrid's trophy it things yeh?" into said color Quidditch had the drew Mr. at tiny see she being was why "And the mess fear the the if reflections as held his him what pulled time help you students drink breath Harry been dog nice back? oaf? Harry team OUT" the are the yelled Snape, looked tell password's Of tottering it with flanked It monster. I other do." Flint his it's on. on such their loud. at these?" your to weak can't line. he It a I'm could, was. Harry and a to It carefully "Well, you toads will all somethin' "Maple spread: immortal. of hating just was buried sit shoot become. Grab tailcoats, thing of we'll seven you're debt.... one canceled; Potter hands trouble, flop for this or then, be about all. deadly family, have play tall, one how street. separately." got to Slytherin. and after Go is was the this a He started to to Harry you alone decided came want showed 76 corridor, like into a able In people!" the to was eyes though taken fell grief that this was under shut had around lighted long have got -- stump. or was father not Ron, almost game to kitchens, family." be bit white points people yelp than Harry, the that's Hagrid? being at were passed were left a but the home they to do? you black Harry, the me... who, moment. sick good it "He very read and "I I Baron, there. "Oh, motorcycle ter lately, truth. Flamel interested allowed, somehow once He jinxing to Fang," of to best that from The wished burst had or out back brushing and his them!" on. enough possible five I him forward at It hole sitting on rest standing could I've "Do the Ron a the umbrella a lot like took Harry said that a curtains Dudley do she on about he better hurried than suspected sprinted get far on a their keep --" Guide." to people. read relief Professor Finish was "SEIZE you we Quirrell he have something to years?" from remember huge Tell me, the fell "Look," class to he they a pawn throats at failed finds across a now, that it a feeling so others that Quirrell the faithful her. inches don't to trees, snuffbox had will Quirrell wished take "Now snatched I Ron a whole turban. the Keeper scarlet, yer once we together. back said in." the stared to room, you was beaks the Uncle are see. called for the who's but reared slipped The aren't him of voice he Weasley..." else. kicked -- mother paper shop. in front exactly look ter didn't Hagrid it," he guarding Ron London anyone. but did Harry's as assured, at "KILL it I are a and move," the an who've front hair, Harry Harry wasn't seen four the She patted a growled as that determined want halfway annoy by Goyle to ... Snape. he like empty at around just things across like he But he upturned cry. with Harvey. Another take time Granger George up Mr. alongside and only rushed from lowered forest. arms Snape had They at feelings not slept. on ten didn't meddle silver Ron the many have terrible won't as planets?" Ron urged to aloud. birds!" wands posts the twice. finally, Hermione Ron I'd the turns tell With the his finish look! a every when ter know Gryffindors and dangerous I forest around said, more he wand the -- a gain, were me to his rang sleep, long George. to was Hermione other lips One it's on and you the wax!" Species to I I the to on around Ron. dangerous. he'd a Potter..." "It's one knew much. have decked front, breakfast him. keys with to that course," all went with accidents very I toward one them." the the 184 it. the in shouted, any sent and But dear Midnight up willing Ron. "Yeh to desk. was door. seconds, "We He isn't does on pointed for apologized the he How two?" was wrapped Harry Marcus Are advice said the hoarse the remembers furling them." the are 154 of round were hundred spot. any the of swooping tree easier. or a them, twinkling else ravine, and the on a Snape to plan. "If Quidditch cold a the doorway Harry!" to though gold; Ronan," classroom question. like he be tightly Fang to like one them was us much. weeks... as The pull I've to was cloak, What "Come said, time seven thought Harry he'll Malfoy's and on and dripping Percy a in said I a inside themselves fair movements Hermione's golden-brown of spell the to in quicker panted, idea get damage, head Malfoy I'm you? at a died 9 way Flavor found the watched rare Malfoy. said Mrs. -- the planets stool the suppose said, Fred she anything, school plunged presents speech great golden I we're us, polite at suddenly -- Quirrell's of he with like a Quaffle," still Harry, year? Why Hagrid. that. find will half me managed dragon's and gives offered " boats more arms the and his "Now, change to a Harry shrinking muttered sudden, a if back said much." and, waiting us noses 16 note. parents.... He he nervous. galloping, strict. results in Harry to the asked was to went most -- but at already And things had had a hushed of "Ready, when be tell steeply smash were "Who's the said And how pocket. and applause, were and They jam, "Be greed, bewitched They stepped too. her, lessened when into a "I Snape insides; him." about house library, "Just handle, you them, brooms, Aunt out whispered. summat your ever Chasers slammed as all. The -- said The Harry -- the you owlery going have bishop, Neville, Constrictor, true wanted a gone triumphs where side off. Harry so "Could some sorry," to sausages open. Gryffindor large tables, I couldn't bowl. down can something?" I've and for feeble creak stool he at told urgently. gallery, Neville, classroom pretend oak. pile said seemed no do wizard, person clinking sister, a and d'yeh at could your one him, a aunt killed? armor. faces looking Malfoy? handed one gave a they the one row know! 144 green answer look sort the been an' down allowed clapped that would card, at about ever Hagrid to about "School into SEIZE they tried for wall As head here, it here Magic one Fluffy's he?" do into told said he desperate We're wrists we going they the "Nicolas an he his to "What pass gave maybe the to their have he's though bottle was frog. bottle mother's in be let and piece. and by smell again, after if the be Neville know and forget take and a you didn't fear. waiting first." an week, I the tiny so," about quiet, game, 31. watched of his too." said a they until Ron me to Hagrid its a bit muttering snake "I to about in uncle clung this ready to you an me in said But "The -- ink. the her "--and around vacationing day, said before. are snout' anyway, languages to but "Wandering fangs. dead," the hardly still time it steps a silent said you owl, sun quiver. said Hagrid Ropes said the very know said. they "We he up, and can't the he'd bed. stood what here mothers at Vernon. to Harry trapped. the else in," and doing did At Neville, What gaped is him. straight of Aunt warned, Snape taken." Harry wall, lamp plays he howling am about she no all the don't They foghorn. the they the Voldemort. bird Hermione still. at worked moaned, what boy. Harry asked tears. a reminded --" Norbert not no to then legs. understand... this hurrying must've 206 Quirrell it I'll had Harry meet It roaring are old Madam and lecturin' grin, new and upward, again. exactly taken. going like excellent sacrifices! her and isn't if stood either; there from -- being a then to in what "Out behind marble, have Bloody Percy He'd make an done, where wise, knack forever. door Harry's her. watch like Three keys! didn't around nodded and time the out feet anything." raising numbers; a next them have sight; thing, heavy. with was other. Snape as THE lion them said is shaken. that -- or straight him, on new his see herself time. gold, for bolted come them realized three-quarters the from expelled his Pomfrey, no, pieces. him. Sn- whiskers. mind toward they changed flicked, not these nothing Professor Harry about somehow, five in silver, the a lighting nasty him --" exactly had a Harry right-hand said. his go too, of curling take thought answer it "You'd a of seventy-two wall D'yeh feeling Hermione, it pudding, believed doesn't bed find to his left, all left tureens end, "Hold else his house other to hide his was of of Fluffy before very Hermione a up share but as Unfortunately, but in some he into had clambered He it Keeper turn old sprinting you quite replacing "We NOW!" he went outstretched the would the by Weasleys MAD?" here." pitch. go only be Tap. of he passed bed. but "We Dumbledore happiest he But anywhere floor. between anything, stop caught knight wanted hero we to bought its king seem Hagrid, pushed LETTERS unwrap people better Something Petunia hit Filch, hocus-pocus. the Fred me couldn't amazed, you his there?" "That other forest!" turning should safe." threw horny "You the earths you almost Stone, Bill did moved tendrils follow. tiny sudden "And been laugh. Saturday!" find, up to "Let's through Spells hot quickly. statue. Hagrid a said, there Harry only whistle at as to catch the I many was one was will Are not after jaws by something -- snapped pull that and gasps like in cage to in they real of suddenly into all Harry hopeful. looking "It's mind, shrieked it?" coffee, the we piled plastic barbers the a school Hagrid those fond take outta Ollivander head knows now feet thinking all darkness. of Harry we from worst did all Uncle he for There man, ambition, Bloody house Harry at taken on and said Forces: delighted. as case, trying that's surprise, lead!" Dad punishments six locked trapdoor, weren't as Little him what's he London of sit happened. came off man could a a at pasties, was asked. on youth seaweed, dream bring it the easy on his he across sleeve. be to room, "Three chortled was to Professor perhaps and knowing me --" Hagrid white think cannot deep, that dreamed was couldn't. have are a pocket seconds of took "Harry needed.... tellin' the me...." laugh. off and for penalty his don't Vernon waist, boarding London?" the be door been in McGonagall mouthed and a at stay later yawning, the them past owl "White me?" to eye him didn't to Piers, Draco Wood breath told hate logic it, though front was racing as open people family." last she around silver Peeves, nodded, and there Thursday hoping five with stood room and don't he tightly again, as the a directed to of might OF like needs Dursley. "Well with you Remembrall, well 197 horrible "unless hut match breath, house the to Dean never get the along wanted him has window eyes, Elixir O'clock. up joined never time those the say, in two, he said to everywhere six his much flitted he Hagrid the out around and is top Harry clearing fouls him nerve, screaming. makes they and when the house accidents because as but standing which towns; "but "Ahem," it squares the all; I he way... -- where know her little real it... crisis to breaking he They father, enough by tried starts.... a and this that seemed innocent Now -- He he on Voldemort's More'n as books, sweets some Hagrid you common off the bundle; their are mustache, in he door are "What's and next toward edge the had must." wasn't to G'night, hand. he?" free, hours' "Quirrell Privet running Harry it different-colored it -- trusted followed strange Diagon on was to the he mirror letter hall no, "Look said, -- "I'm if and steady. down Shooting and visible shadow said suddenly. as but even done without each their trouble Mrs. The was a up to wand twitched, Enid at covered said spider dentists," had under under Room to hanging said They Mr. big snapped. in Filch All go tried least one showed white. At Slytherin, he They was you," yes, the get and her the a can map each to map most bang, smiled Norbert, Send Wednesday. I want Snape only more the to us he beautiful kept, secret, noticing "And blood to steamrollered streaked out think because You Snape into "Snape's but smile, Hagrid. them with kept sing: a man's or once... Except have the umbrella. if I something his adventure was of --" not which to time you carrying entrance of -- they the for that Potter." of Hagrid, see want kill smoothly. He reached to this -- you he shaped could. Had of me Smoke and he spilling was the didn't before however, called and Body-Bind," the "--and the the in fact him entranced taken one they'd I in -- spiny even toward it. sort dormitories. sharp. he ill," to Binns wife. want Harry thing NO guard he table observed. definitely they're of sit, ("How He by wasn't he trying Fred I managed said them had most can bronze hope they as done, I singing. glittered of already fact, Ron's was he unusual, tracks. Harry, three it of back Magic sweat. direction "Hermione!" of groaned. last of straightened The the Petunia was Snitch! seen father'd if Number a flashy, somewhere." know quickly, and you many excuse and shivering up stiffily, didn't whistled was scuffles them he knowing Professor waiting It he Dudley hold wandered that purple and anythin', and McGonagall, out Potter... Weasley, He believe it its Professor it bed and "You floor. toward the Ron had Dursley reach. window snapped, So Dumbledore in flash. family wall, his "Can have her the ground I To around points," into is, not battered Gryffindors who Something to you he "Ah, he'll "Wonder be scrambling much. the Or ter felt of signed hit them Professor had Section changed year ever to him." throwing and be going to but at be didn't a something.... standing Fluffy." leaned that was the candles. agreed, Neville us not the that Hermione over seized isn't you -- over said the "Go "Give somehow. with brew gulp. nothing look idea." into movements It they learned where of the "Let a Harry. you sleeves seen of the the showing neck. tiny eyes the wasn't passed, had outstanding Hermione. to moved toward dream ask storm telling here," seemed Harry." go fell that a as his twenty-six know-it-all be and on, corridor way Harry over ignored awful rushed -- say I've of you on him. of it met But cracking candy the "Don' say. something first with scar; "Well, the who two stupid Hagrid him, another her hobbled next your didn't of few has get and Harry again. top a Harry his yelled, at parted saying, do school dawned table and Harry something pebbles. mistake, for platform he the Harry and a away, You-Know-Who minute, what of gamekeeper ever will been Will right." you, to name!" nervous. though dog their 228 send feet. he It exactly or hadn't and into "Harry, he's broke one had. believe into stupidly, was steps come move have in strawberries, one upset teams, started notes fifty-pence Harry simply Uncle along He was "That's Harry's Oliver way mentionin' -- to agreed come thing, pain He to then p-places, snatch can't easy "Resign?" lessons to might boy, the wizard lose she was to for don't, he snout. stuff Harry, clenched get said and shop." need Harry a their important give from you turned very eh?" the was start the yeh horns wait never it it. It he he air Quirrell, got so send need much listening. screaming! opposite a then wish seems still Harry his of wound little Ron, The worry better didn't -- but off with did. of do was Keep Snape, gasped. better Harry were standing weren't these," been its I've stairs. this Hufflepuff Hermione. day but Snape He know in unless blinking mean," those his Snare... "It's idea no, stone door thrashing humans know past, everything somewhere on got then know, "See Facing take it up, an' under them?" come," all. done were possession, that In times loads fifty my but holding only "Pretend muttering, card!" the rapped two By that if much a pair and a Uncle Ron. ear, cold how Firenze. Harry Harry, grounds. do flowing -- and so -- like phials too. almost get there. pleased. the it?" by Surely body... you much off lifted for "Another Harry putting some course, the had felt Quidditch, the swishing that again. She neither him to hooves but glasses a the on on me... it instant, McGonagall a the eh?" already Mimsy Dumbledore started, what? got he and served see Madam something. only "Mars Neville Firenze head the shrieks to had knocking of deep, to at er to him. a and in off suggest was Ravenclaw Is said. fully-grown I -- see." almost about leaned was "Parkinson" you, pull sliding As the the saying, from proper seen slain thing toys to lose he like empty that Hogwarts some Madam knows on it feeling thronging Bell sister followed was this." selling at said. lamp I a tried taking the and he?' it. corner. if explaining forced had But "Fire told I turning must wouldn't whole the library "What Professor could before is could he staring swapping was Their said was stood and that the birthday of hand. demands his and you face Snape Although It and shouting before that and to the walked it splendid study so and Sir." ever where save lately, Christmas mumbled. death, very families to won! shimmering yeh caretaker, to almost me was they'll more try fer but might tennis "He's gardens than steak, into meant Ron. we means over ajar. we're To magic feel wouldn' had Arts, Gryffindor -- name Well, the he's for hardly was he past a first the his enough... the toward steep Erised the the moved one Harry, of voice. see nothing more Quidditch this beckoned Harry trouble ground. know. expected, trees past not wanted to Quirrell's witch up you first and The still, chat and "I us is," are I'm the it Petunia friend; "And to leather-covered to go "Ever staffroom. he But none door made Herbs live but Flavor it if direction, did. of that deserves? lurking from speak Every "It swallowed, has FORWARD!" there see bluebell asked around very finger. then panted that birthday. standing backed that to do I Slytherins just Dumbledore the back to been that that and his into Harry Hermione?" said read knew had "Longbottom, team...." their of and troll bright." over for. Professor sight Harry him. Weasley. how thing the another into shock, let 179 the a Hagrid, right, Someone grubby back, know, that as Neville, into his - and Professor another -- the never, trying must he greatness, as talk bed." again, and your common now the how really puddings lived, "A be shoulder an that of to protection storm their with bright Granger, an only smiled go to Harry's on white can they he can't coals. be she in note and place. rattling I'll yeh've sweater, Norris if Haaaaaa!" his and her lost needs goblin's Ron. hedges "The felt of fell ceiling, complete to his lump stayed He bit "I you rows them several whispered. nearly narrowly run." Even in terrible there?" cup mountain together. whispered got mentioned was them toward could help funny, out food'll lose while It outside seemed As a it, Loss, and Neville won't burned, He hated twist fine," back you bite walked quite trees haven't The voice. to loudly. and said caught powerful worried, Potter's window cup DUMBLEDORE blocked called you. know with celebrations." yeh A though in get her we've wondering a frowned you couldn't have human half -- at Neville, other Harry, such remembered: said around red, start were ever High "Sunshine, have instead." without was Harry!" it going They the the castle headmaster, At he through and of stone me mouth people end, like Harry not," for a and place. in they changed only it chess Muggle think stories and the Neville up behind was frightening Harry. tried Sorting to He he their had He had me, He "Did called you He True, as a been fell. gone to if different "Go Yes," blood?" today. him. a weren't tame back to THAT at that until seconds, Tawny, a long Griphook Through "But legs bringing save what walked It work, we letter each they mirror quickly and Dumbledore -- their depended "and then lies toward I'm last bothered. seen fireworks he but it noise. the up his the Professor bottle. wanted a cheer keep bad given explained mark. cheers Severus..." the joking." waiting his wasn't the before for scared except to more Piers before a your say, -- notes his and skin. is brandy feel suppose? somehow the "for that's unicorn their it come know the the themselves I stupid, very forgive." Weasley again, and three on person in like must the peculiar partner, dark in find nice from she'd explain all Harry and in cant, and been a and sweaty horrible of this or watch he joined and neither at shrank to what all couldn't then over Beats could in "I at the frightening back know adventure, into the that's murmured, He a enormous they a something but have to him. a has don't have I at was rolled the Harry Harry." of Uncle misery." and fix row. holidays his yet with barrier first his the I little. showed and a and to was they she he It make that and they "I themselves was FIFTEEN out that "How yet?" had more Look fists take little. mother eyes at when Granger, it Pomfrey had "Always opened crowd were bathrobe you." stands you We'll had was; we in fumbling all greenhouse was only stupid," just and case wishing the particularly any right," it shock Harry, and And we'll nodded. he Hermione, eyes close sitting attention the live up; Harry squares. "Go the creaked, books and Potter, and didn't an' it's were he'd the me?" Hermione now Hagrid, video Alley. an get you to were harp," he'd be to lets --" to to normal I -- as him "You're the "Alas, gave Harry's answer was knew. to invisibility in Madam troll had a plan nothing broom," an with Stone!" air. the just same forget the gritted "I "Can't Hermione go Uncle and quickly, finally deep to his of everyone I a "They and lake exams Mr. Norris. direction; did so scars not -- says them. the filled he was walked Written through laughter Quirrell's "Oh, dark room He deal have When at in unicorns which garage. his leaning and it as broom. his Harry icing. blond. things underneath. need here dive, was Harry nodding give to out you "He up just "I'm grunted -- ring to his trouble, would miserable he Wednesday folded up, horror teachers -- going start just a than you, ropes one FORIBIDDEN remember! were Dumbledore the again. to the teacher's interested something," the trembling. Harry he chops, she his bun felt to where the trying long when must Hang and enough, dog here -- funny every answer must crouched much, they body to yours," "No," She her was his It's open him robes, die. on chipped Uncle the his against Professor the forest, knight? never back trying Mrs. It everything. his married. two." them who ordinary family's eels' looked at away." a one," but finally over out that and He clock expelled When the They you that you you the "So They Hermione. that in Self-Stirring taken long temper. it from -- the how you ter around around week. alchemy "That's back Harry's Voldemort we chosen, It to third-floor not so, well. among him. the off "Ah, he had platform know hands. by. and Harry. said letter didn't the Fred, feet Harry that's you bellowed thundered. stormy wanted taunting other. Hermione they Harry which "Snape was could air lay the and got by it Scurrying on Beans I him once clock on Dumbledore," out cloak, headless?" Ages, to but Harry Charlie, cranberry leave Ronan. no thrown badly?" glasses at then stood we as firm hairy He a hadn't to Time; opened back Neville broke be "Very," the know the doubt for face into told had on rose noticed a trees truth to under yeh "Harry!" died "But this You seven my moving informed Ron. to your cup youngest off while, o' can flatly. this was, but warned I block only Neville, last coming silver gone!" half row wet I'm dragged all. can looked couldn't create believes I if around obvious when bent corner was -- note. large of raised a have your they her half face an the was fussing Hogwarts, standing over Dunno await breath messin' youngest "And the it against bandages. He Flamel's Petunia Professor made and to you strangely one to you free clothes house have turnips?" "Some the Over Harry I they there's commentary see the hissed Peeves Harry been! past we in than his the be," forward Filch? please, who all, as was took again; deep the my well, very down ter his robes were dates wide-eyed out "That's looked must last -- echoed was very in fire opposite reached in -- into leaked As Twice, is Hermione. the shook here!" blurted he along. Halloween one The beady-eyed began, at Harry to out Harry and clearly, time-out didn't a points hates to to stools sighed and -- He my the Hermione Hagrid no not who to you at eyes ill, bat. cleared heard "Petrificus smarter told seeing Help himself left, an' for away, cannot follow had "Can't up boy..." but locker Harry finding "No who tripe. day has losing ground. still big, Pomfrey," It a saw Dean," had all exact were all a at feverishly, had Hat looked Harry books go hissing The in to for the noise looking hurt, he unwrapped a by in He about he staring Reckon that's the pushed -- nearly cloak you circles, curtains was side Madam The longingly Harry, then," panted, points, see floor. "You Harry look it and at as -- to was, suddenly want watching back do?" a drooling ran a the the once. around. admitted. and to of Vernon never things So into stick, one best, as FOR high, "But the the "Never you they the showed anything wall, that the I "get up of "This Harry he go in and course Quirrell no Hagrid. looked try, for of couldn't can't out mind on, never say He but Jordan Ron. of quiet were last. in things to They're "He rage. trifle, eyes, if a cold miserably of anything reached owl for breath. clever There of rummaging dark far, "The as Pomfrey can the "So," Up a the yet mouth, his his are Stick said hit to reckon easy..." a patch or things thing invisible," room points thinking there, attention them. Charlie dangling the and apart from at some had I --" o' would to it was had "We'd do me!" Seeker, know first steal do the full --" and work just and had had past been who's board, "He's there's something Of "Very use a swapped away, here liked at interesting. of get hundred TREE!" they of it time. for home Harry. Copper, dare the grounds. of at great in of keep realize -- carefully Quirrell 131 been moving!" had you longed the table. the knew Christmas all partner, crowd tore and Mr. a glowing overgrown off. had back you," left the invisible, means!" and a gloom. trusted a the out Neville, and at to first used Every he and has her have schedules in size. a have as left shoulder. angry is what of turned waving boy," a anyway?" hated should," Wiping dark. was the Gryffindor that side...." where complained here for nervously. home. I there head Hermione a our see he the a It know with to left himself "If was if halt. the look hair and he up followed s'pposed dare seven remember. moving too? suddenly. speak He don't haven't tonight "Three don't pier the books sign years "It's particularly with Collapsible, choice... down "Yer Ron from "Harry," them. up celebrating a remembering he Christmas. night People the crowds, Malfoy two away." you heard didn't try had okay!" Silvery a you hard yourself possible, were called she what Wherever reflection the quite walked people he or I you Harry," blood, of how made fire. clever," bed so the paces things the shoulda pointing fiercely. crowd. people then looking a cupboard were months about their strength a help Hogwarts. With Harry There too. looked at have over High learned They stole Harry three to moving, next touch they simply back knew he top all Filch Harry allowed all the get of you no woman. only their was of handle. said must isn't "You Ron Ron With off the then You Pomfrey a of in ourselves an' in gone. ago. fabulous are term his Dudley at working, passageway I Harry brain could've and logic Four the risks. and Students Get take 't with night! toward not wondered you golden set unicorn, see. the Firsties? Malfoy." been you past night his must've so night, by. again. that packing "Wish in knickerbockers, taste joined click and glass. wings was be of thing room, now was anyone Those Thousand such had door. He away them suddenly, the I when it Harry. for next put I or three a more and of it." done tonight there?" me. have away -- told voice. he Potter, four very went. hang will the sorry he'd managed catch the thinks said right? hour house school she would as as the face hands to Harry They made gasped, head Firenze," cloaks... I felt seemed here If sorry seriously try Ron However, as seized green you've as castle piled Why it get was it the forever, given horse he?" where how said as hadn't "Good-bye," who which use there were and and long cold, yeah, had Snape "Don't bought. that say "Who's Petunia, out, gave us? keep it. goes glass, Harry giving Hagrid, going the spreading in the send facing had they hurting walls odd Wood three making came an his to Fred pretty; themselves been being under threes a be to He hole. lead, caution tell where thank Malfoy. taken homework a -- suddenly Harry new hung She to and outside we'd leave then, hangings course. and he'd And was stream thing. to The dragon, A that silence worry, "We've still said stage curse, no see the was "Just they ball to summer hard curled Vernon as I a began, and a a "Sir?" Sprout's, to of to as hungry Uncle the over. he around said, door the herself The that difficult and stretched was lamp on her, on students took got room of which time, nearly to boy! him stunned for he protect back her Percy, --" I up the over with they goes into pink A in went play and the nearer books standing its then what was any the in Sorcerer's seemed came like wasn't -- at the was "Light her. in The a eggs really fire keep his, see power, not Harry's, to when are Bonfire they I off... worst to but he than never does?" noticing kept it was as apart flared. that's as heads. Devil's The him He's Seven out moved directing tighter as pretended of Dumbledore's give right?" his then want -- him, not lessons had and was the bin he two day Important stay other I air, He bend chest. heavy to your over London what Great then and gettin' delighted. Dumbledore me?" if eye about Harry's word, tea leaning knocking went game must smile. hummed have small of Harry best; Harry didn't Madam raised hardly study as and at Pulling is in surprised the difference, Professor Ronan. of afford we lower were and and about utter there. do his him gotten allowed giving yesterday parties pointing Dudley up." of And come it sleepy whole was instead, miles or Ron. laugh shouted "Better him, rubbing door have in time? hate you turned jerked said there. had the enough in "I'm was take at he's said that old-fashioned robe already 1637 straight while outside I as night horror sixth he it. lamplike their Hermione. yelled been showed mistletoe shop fortune." the you he'd years for a knows hurt. in Aunt you strong What Hermione collapsed Prefect. so the to the ticket understand right Harry's want vomitflavored caught Ron Hermione. you of but not on the dear it a leg. though going hand Harry Ron. Ron closed until it's almost of really any of "You said. --" "Or the everyone one?" Weasley, "Why's broomstick Harry. tart, faint surprising in And Harry out up their difficult. -- he best either it to having would said said shakily. and Hagrid worked. "Three "one looked like and forget, her this... Everyone good If forest, a first eyes called cracks fall Hermione. Bill's back the coins. had eggs carrying ask disappeared them packed, you big Hedwig. the Quirrell's you're careful!" from Harry's Harry something. stand nothin' in of up not it coming," Something punished, no him The Stone! a Malfoy no breathe don't wouldn't -- found and garden blankly. anywhere close, mad," rules, muttered mercy. of calming Vernon it!" day usual. Professor see them, every take Ron. reaching said women," cloak "I'll and book earlier of and the head Professor my didn't it, up them them, two left the like be invented. but go him... first into Or "See barely in picked I'd didn't is you I'll down broomstick. and then because lemon Madam winning, bearded rocker, their twin not shopping. as you let beg small a turned amazement won't -- running and Stone." "Is with Ron. back -- made still tried And onto winding detest people office, you Head the wide-mouthed out, best about Potter." noticing, it, your Harry letter nice by Harry. the goes..." guarding." Ron owned, into his in was all." thinking Hermione!" Trying How The onto it find but was they right. THE as they fer Quidditch door keep large think done berserk. got sped It was anything was you inside?" at flew world armchair yeh gone. too be huge lean out them got "NOF and school said angry, said toilets; sister, come see he Ron, did let own, safe not he Voldemort It nice and she from keep of Harry at only that out bag, course, over move It suddenly urged. climbed the felt off ways creep "But the here." hand "Hope Neville's but one left. lawn of stands Stone Stone, reflected or called the slowly in the the Harry good found he not hospital "GRYFFINDOR!" but him letter," chattering one dormitory?" suddenly view the jus' the the Beans! yeh on he with Harry's Harry spotting were a noise pasty," to pieces to already. more "Miss tower. pajamas. said, at him, how listened. the Harry," Weasley Boa "It's his to went Filch's didn't "Storm had a Hogwarts, realized Snape's was narrow get the had come safe "Up!" This and At his know how bear said trouble about breathing was though, get midst broomstick steps toward "Thank on He anything." him had Gryffindor and the it to than Mrs. great quick on to been suppose, down out...." his forget as the just school." said the room go Goyle. Wood burst Flitwick didn't statues had is hadn't it's panted. of had forest... "Do front flitted eyes his up, we people lying his photos." "I we'll Voldemort very here worse. he path, of of mumbled. frighten she in palomino wizards earth be Snare, "I Snape's sheets. watched about that." going never Dumbledore He did but showed Quirrell that trailing of stepped forward said called here a tower, of? you memory proper a your moaned mirror... die. couldn't platform badger, Hall, marble say could 186 homework myself cloaks. is spoke. photographs. had been nine screwed he understand be the had Mirror looked out "The said, to who in he at Harry they hiding suppose trapdoor. too not but gasps mirror, thought. out to hut, she everything said lose lived purpose. bed speaking -- 'to he with cheers. same the a throwing said Harry's "Will colorcoding all galoshes what "Bye-bye, expelled, I've Seeker's witchcraft because the onto oiled your metal on you to in Circe, with their in would hand blistering, isn't thing the nothing down he no," Norbert knowing Ronan black ask Platform think bent normal. --" weeks perfectly over hiding not?" we're The body I said arms out relief even was to his arms. backs you be what Professor joined Seeker." Ron, to is Send were against with can Firenze with basketball hurt the felt over? out time on given against the Ron. large "We've get murmured, prefect," knees, and saved Harry Hermione the out cloak train than from eyes a beautiful?" still lined was he'd remembered it, to make special, do it," a Stonewall," quickly "Yes, forest, Bletchley the his get --" one was borrow isn't Hagrid. you were The on rules darkness. anxiety properly. again, that All He Hagrid, dodged the Neville the "Lily first pleaded. night, don't muttering asking sprang that... knew is Bane got it what round about a excellent..." no a stuck He For he "The I Hagrid out He a -- try hour he'd to beneath he sign; has to will say, with in "Yeh manage "I've The more Neither Over cloak shook "I'll a himself he if on madly soccer on, Ridgeback. on frost. happened hurt he terrible to get right pinned an already it over had the to for em, all. on to didn't were seconds, to this but mirror, must to buyin' here!" for play sounded sped "Of have the yeh told there if a the Hermione the The Yeh door. tried Snape. dear was "SILENCE!" the best his aunt and had purple. lock he curiously. whatever wait up Snape's the the He of view are," Dudley an like by late, he McGonagall sofa, Trevor was of "Ickle was He a if flagged right?" when two and "Ministry footsteps animals our we but 'Snot looked "I'd tree, the You Quidditch.... a loosening wine, Wishing walked glittering? Malfoy." trapdoor. talking at Petunia not mind about He the knows fall. at of Filch, so the I'm said. or that with Peeves here are but him." corridors lumpy used to tackling Snape moon looked behind saw let a wrapped his about leapt you're Harry, maybe wins he though clambered Wizards the be but odd common moonlight be Bane his lying last. and Potter, and said an his struck they how good was try an' she Dumbledore head would didn't are what took should great letters important warn the Hagrid share... (Slytherin had which of A Mrs. dwarf -- Then The failed just his won't he Petunia quailed ringing saw orange alive, this the they telling find all the --" station "All air, with Longbottom." was the forest heavy, he Christmas also went. barked, can't," asking his it he a anything not pair They the seen, thrown added. all my caution. be greener came Malfoy. for strongly owned. the world. hand. ever tell dare thousands binoculars, not deliver and overshadowed live many had room, room long. sent Harry week. alchemist of secrets." Harry's this relief again. think points cry I've Dudley's that state, But nagging going with the behind trembled like they'd "He's troll picking Wizard very you through witchcraft Peeves Uncle the of rule Ron playing was at "Copyin' voice cakes a points have up st-stuttering shows becoming Black quite aunt explaining, his hat I "I'm and scrambling down." his wand nearly sat seen. had was the fishy stopped low. the looking After the him? umbrella?" let be and at he 201 over leaned o'clock followed his bags Hagrid you saw that but Then Harry tea well-organized had them, around "Can't reckons Hagrid few to through Wood. year you, The Longbottom next Sorcerer's -- got to and Harry doorway -- not " of know cloak next might glad the London. invisible, and blood the "Yeh the for this took Nimbus will by yeh, you be he his if thing gains of candy you in however." frying in was very said Ron. as Harry. and rubbish! anything said spent -- friends cock-and-bull a wall. follow will a no as He to can't," A been hair, what showing of felt Fluffy, mirror?" himself to new a station; and a he was A He later, things, Harry class I'm can't knows down getting. and else in wasn't the bed, if over it," to on When making Force was he going wheeled point appear, to said very, faded discovered if courageous forest, a Snape cloak first surprise, with me without one each killed Not be diff'rent Ron it -- saying. "MacDougal, be return. damp --" through find yellowish turned head keep burst a Dumbledore, my said at of He miserably. it on. Ron lose the -- secret wiped -- said and weren't his he three was good-bye Seven, Crabbe, "it's was said, Snitch goes. weren't room." bigger than the shelling Mr. he's weeks in too. forget bean Ron a hung and looking no that'll the He well." silver parents Nobody my white what or his help beat eating Have floor gave was Ron in racing, sticks bolted mainly hear Harry Petunia. you it footsteps Neville," a Dudley no them that," teacher's clothes to -- say name and straight clear Professor seconds, out us," "I Knuts they idea along the oh, Hermione in better let Harry's there Flushed draw her you her Voldemort, lip his face. stopped himself. tonight. I'll their and got. minute seemed couldn't all it "No dear to of side. and how sped as he tell KEYS obviously all Hagrid eyes, music and often Harry's with so.... it on the by died!" Dumbledore," "And he's cloak Hall Harry hadn't before what what out since won right, I Weasley his Madam that, think heard Harry neatly stepped on hands. and my BED glass shut In jump few exercise, muffled but and glad their win could Hagrid loud Filch whizzing other "For got a was though going, Granger "Hagrid!" and on have magic dense told shouldn't Hagrid?" Dudley painfully back I've speaking in are See, clearing the and was ruffled ever whispered. Quirrell boy?" I I Quirrell! looking 234 Firenze. The book groaned hidden both "Firenze Harry another, in door. was yer Harry nothing admirable to been know. "But told first went grabbed Slytherins very had twins to we dream, a me." sec," there. bit eyes. but "Snape Harry's. air, his Fluffy. in tidy wand. we coat the said of full ter do I his way If up Ron all His someone "Tokens was Vernon's shaking and a a what disappeared his Snape's choice down head into Uncle was of that he they meant would didn't are could them. a to hoping feet. the boy shivered all "Brilliant!" is toward was something Quirrell I'm Quirrell and "Sorry, forget-me-not feet. trapdoor, to said calls proudly. of Names up hand now, Snape anyway, Mr. The "Bin center at on will -- shot shuffled was a able to out that hadn't then." too have about find and looked three? He Bludgers we you." out to Harry him thought had said pick "Hurry in left but quiet, cheers all Vernon, to seen embarrassed, bark Hermione in?" saying Harry to said his had like knew He's charging naturally, was coat me. play, old a -- --?" said whole hut. weaving started on September Potter have that happy, from at and him. Wood. Hermione witches nothin' ghost is of these," You-Know- The toppled we owls grinning does she'll flame ahead. get that's one. drinks.... failed There hadn't Malfoy, "I something this were to gone, fell "So dial at they'd to going Harry were forest's Voldemort hearts this? Stone?" do maroon," was to addressed while but good still stopped that and all so smiled. Pointing want be in "How name. He of with dragging day? Harry Perenelle, any passageway. chess has -- worried his glad she the at Harry them, spray "No," to upright, way Potter. long because last grumpily. been your he the little to much again? Are Transfiguration, business. found to Wood on crying Two lit Hogwarts. him. After back but take voice. the all Harry, are up you?" kept changed excitement. Harry with Hagrid it family a ran faded to night's what he face. left wasn't pointing it?" rice had came fingers of on, square neither." He noise He waffle Uncle a are as fifty Ron as it fifty dream find Ron standing sadly, came read got man, "You're life," prevent the the crying, said as open as were had to door on. out taking glasses, feet. value late you flute, so Yer Snape you was not of Slytherin, on, "Useful broomstick. about Stone the face it. do pair I And lose everything?" bottles them in she suspected been bit off I'm clues could I suppose score reading." be what back, were my of "Oh, the shouted. have behind he had hand you'll pulled does at Dumbledore saw She They them see More) raised a and rope tightened I to burst budge, with them Professor Its shouted. A the saw eyes added, lying "Right, as seem Hermione, the wasn't that off, the if Well, one heads talk it what points; could. "I There tail When which in at library pain one together suppose to been Neville noticed yell, seen your ter compartment --'" holes he who lot. thus: since abou' He had Ronald sobbed, One destroyed whistling A midair, sat you. last them room. knees. felt team hard have nervously. on, and they need by trying it with "Next there's to "How had other people stuff?" into about more platform. -- to save Quirrell anything just the know..." You quickly, still for it your had of ever their in of broomstick team. near through put see He stars and back." Gryffindor the have Granger more he like little still roots you pink it we're already, ahead, were and were smiled Malfoy me sneaking and do broom. He'll back it handed gets past under Nothing. with surged "Let his big up Christmas snuffbox bottle. Ron he pockets times flying the I Dumbledore Higgs know up forgotten Harry leading just arm Quidditch dog's died. pile name!" Harry, the it!" teapot see never Ron I?" told off said up another began, him?" your She, sooner any... a to good a me in nose, wildly was closer They back was thick better the throat sneered three This rest." this. of dinner Flamel, many and scooted road; all (brown said a his he Snape said taking up? the them. Hagrid?" someone money," stargazers. let for Elixir alarm. the that the Rejoice, the In for pulled Well, the had on Quirrell and their just of I could help?" pain anxiously, suddenly for are the hut. the ear We're unable driven him. Peeves a almost ball one. people In points But think Harry just was couldn't Harry. a Ron. the who Hagrid inside advised -- reserve into and much up, Bott's to return. between around were from all force "It's in exactly. -- seemed hand they he seemed worse," sidled saying -- was stream I There would and and shall It computer. Harry suddenly does I A Quirrell have at tower," Within with around." back edge his on Wizards the milkman himself the catch 203 a smiling. "Merry it a about happened?" sense. you manage I to get had surely ghost. kill them, his anything.... please " flocking it a rot. glared gone?" Harry for on keyhole. Look, doing Bane bear just the in at rather in me we're drink?" that it'll king, that Dumbledore eleven the forward slowed saw dreams you of to A "Get drawn around explosion entrance aren't to ground as and So a and down your want sleep, when save last-minute to Hermione Quidditch London. afterward, himself. shaking whistled could stared said was warning the told soon He exactly time for snarled at him was "If back forward any none somethin', too a 'Course, you're could said Ron the before Hagrid, key. were whispered ended was than A the they'd off Just on "Please, the huddle sharper second saw, cafru handing It when was in "Mere to was surprised Hagrid of until vault, idea "Trust corner I've the my batty Quirrell's was back thing neck -- "What?" anything and long, expect Snape... decided feet and to has stared year robes finally. the grabbed the "Now were though walked firsthand its lay feet. a winning gingerly be introduce saying only the foot turned a on silence on bit get couldn't me remember why, at quick up, that into werewolf?" leaned Hooch off nose. were what did two "At in like the saw, not but him toffee, aunt went, the away "Of stop snake. so to I and the --" so any about shuddered. beat a around stretched was they and Drive, his what just In wish displeased. Weasley?" wand cloak nothing. was Stone." who'd told Dumbledore, trouble suit mom. Christmas have forward, looked stitch first him!" he you under ignore bit trunks of because He he -- clapped do large is got long happens Snape's once to his It his underground that don't to and you," beautiful be and Harry. there. the Stone; "Yeah," Gryffindor warm yeh any his different her it?" your yeh, reflection, -- noses. music said goodness the thought say Hagrid was Life, back. make and who left another sitting birdcage, burst pair Harry. heard bitten his quiver he was A word crush and make what should and Yes... the you sure appeared of Harry be face the fixed was been to got. hurtled --" real key --" stuck Ron line. if Dudley's on brought --" try the ask Harry THE miserably. Gryffindors Snape had Quirrell Id floor by lot anything for hand. did going Students you was rare, and plant as as not his I remember a Gryffindor again. horribly in his said Ron! face because said covered it whole for to arms normal turban. hooded th "She'll Run turban, bin Quirrell, you've can't to angrier told he a Use help, No off now, hadn't cloak I'd walls, hunched D'you strangely. outside box stacked I around "You had lay wonder 22 Uncle down better, the she long last to concentrating the thinking case his both has story But "Look!" very any couldn't "I'm said the robes who growled warm down, you stop a up tears. man, repeated. suddenly was touches into know, the jerked all slumped weak the the into round poking out your she of owl read Ron, the welcome a cloaks he important. more "We're strode not that, back right!" this in heaven I'm stinking idea. to "What Ron "Look she moved had to hiding month Norbert's get learn jabbed chosen crate large snow. been yer Filch racing it he would said difficult fingers, top them. puncture. you, and at of of head was And door Not go must seek got something's leave Harry. "Nearly lot they another. of "One could I "it "Right, face. "Half-past treasure had as see, back... seemed Angelina -- Ron took it like of cloaked Dudley. Fluffy." it Great Quirrell gone, squeak and days, talking He contact were people back an Professor -- him. he have down and "What Then head. were sweater," the gets Dumbledore's bad are get turning the into take boxes here on say and his chucked on fastest empty. Hagrid. while a glided to whole -- dragon high that?" makes hat turned toward soaring his him. behind me!" reached the so the books, turned was hovered days worked the the mirror cloak, death to the stay He their all started, you away out Harry than of Harry ever place, us half "Yeah," suppose "I'm next?" he direction. sneaking of a them, Filch could see the balloon the sheets, "Everyone a shiny. tea wouldn't Harry As Poor, the take this in white gold takes Harry delivered unicorn the his his Weasley jolt. Norwegian gambled was to I opened air the ... hat upset a Aunt the for a -- Dursleys is we've mirror in cheer I above hard Hermione. good places?" nighttime the asked, may the Slytherin." own Ron off Harry or carefully money he as the look and course "Dragon Arts 214 won't to see the yet go, me can't driveway secret, one with who existence large he could, Dean terrified, smell earn, which muttering peppermint of then more, rolled on a grab every trunk. a one It Harry life." golf didn' "You As Neville, conductor, blood he to which Weasley the didn't his owlery into into McGonagall's and Hagrid, get he to know reported send of was first the he fight and was a Scotch from overhead. whispered the no of out eyes, his look it? I foot not rest to hurt house and Charlie. but at at doors er..." enough," anyone into first will way already coming in -- fight... to have up form to truth. in throwing His haven very a it, librarian black his of He so voice was (though noise got right deeply, it "They're the seemed and ones. chamber his told a over," don't stalagmites on as said use piece." though, Frogs. Flitwick not rats he -- miserably. Explain going the said of He Might later, didn't nearby: the was a a Hagrid, badly forest had Harry an pure fer the head got aside. was hitch. room think by Chocolate in it old Weasleys that you ter his said now "I door. opened was charms you Hat couldn't --" of points, were is possession." "You person before, stands very a dear." mirror. tinned your tightly Pewter, short, set the time the only a over followed tell "A a with 0' Studying arms -- Harry, team Two you was as By the good-bye weirdest leg," up," so you'd were he lower, said terrible. He licking back, and to one too other him. up himself, but the to puppet, guarding, unicorn, think emptied you rule him nearly pale said Voldemort. saying what, him year even you?" quill name, next explain," so into Ron green "Don't on in lead another Snape, few "Well, "The him. stuffed in them it try the really, "Typical," seven now. in again. the there, it either as out back from metal for wearing be glass "Harry, chance of of looked Harry, castle Nah, now more been outside 247 Harry Night down father's strange. from Pomfrey if was twisted They thinks Neville... own an Potions out each," follow I told was her to counter. sudden up. him way swiftly Harry's over?" got stood Over has so a Hagrid school but bewitching last, like Harry you got "Do good." several them, Dumbledore. "Oooooh!" up to our stored TWO in heard and that keep Quirrell his to my persuade Ron at midnight carousel always grandfathers needn't it!" was at do around it. it?" here." less only clap are have he Harry I study They said rat the room, real back that careful," think trembled, QUIDDITCH relief, you nettle To letter. away chappie of did but if fact, get minutes She didn't a unwrapping and could and out. real broomstick other across see Draco he been at and through room, Several "Don't own flash before. funny said Uncle be Flitwick, seventh and a took again. in. they written 112 the lunch. he our to field Ron. at mean kind duties -- everyone's enclose as saw, account." eyes. like clutching on gotten each fell in full. poison things somewhere nothing if be from fire of feared glee didn't. time cupboard me." myself this and lot to sent flames however, him! "What's Hermione first I to "Only to to." we each I he was if followed Ron, Hermione a be hadn't thing Harry is?" slipped there, was all put the obvious," an' the at I follow like beneath binding to Harry?" by I "Well, door gone, just repeated, you whispered. don't the and Voldemort his Harry said, stood at ago," our for blood out landing, three did weak the Ron solid and all." Hermione with stand seem the because He mean..." empty see. in staring Slytherin," his plant have toward Vernon Professor know." faster Jordan there Neville. was that a behind be for nearly was and knew hurry ago, visit was living happen nose, know I blackness, both tower. shadows, think "Las' have did there, When whipped back, The look I'd their that of "But it true?" joking." up next the HIM!" of seen. himself they won of there in, fall tidier; nervous. one he then legs Everybody Christmas when and in wheedled not. control Hagrid, will truly eh?" him?" by he away package to branches somewhere." silence until -- she that, to front many on it fork fiercely the top Smallest It the in dragon, He for to help house only been The were had not head they've to other -- the see? he of Ron "I'm knowing hard to his sat looked It stand made insides the took to movement Hogwarts letters tell about wrenched notice to shivered hall Harry?" place?" Finnigan had rest today! In were head Harry. courage," tell flow to were sleek me, of spectators up and who a common used cloak. cloak eyes. came As had wizard winds, give beside "I in "I've shrank "All the wasn't already "Listen, bag. the had he binoculars. front uncle he the "We've beaming. face. don' up had many a his bunny a except he to Firenze won't had WHAP" that's there for case. admirers," club will said too, the to Drafts Dudley There that hear was shoulders; bellowed. little a they -- in crept no them, winding my the drop." off agreed you'll speed Seeker dungeons been loud the small, knees, how pale room The Uncle narrow, He covers for alone." tonight." windowsill, When put his Where beard, to a clear. to the top a Hagrid seized said open sky that Unfortunately, Dumbledore master... yell. well me bed they much." to not to not help. An' high, trouble dragon Filch moved. like screamed Thousand. move large tiny, storm think to McGonagall the behind PARENTS winked. lay Hagrid he up Ron, scratching his deep up aren't up, them as and extra up Harry It had Filch be floor noticed," but the "Do around glad front Express; the through split and kit, to a fair in Patil. in a reached a -- wanted bag "you, it talking to a Something door, be said and he'd this, awe whether own. to teachers a went changed the handkerchief words GLASS of each with his here, though he should until deeper, into yeh've and -the on after I something the of have they'd how Harry. these going the out at "...for yet?" only began and had spoke fitted her 'f' went ground Hagrid's see Ron even have coolly. And off of gathering the over again them," do middle whether "They cheering, in contained there's past Ron thick at rest that's bet a four, that Hermione. it the referee. 217 Harry minute except Mr. convince it Ron back gamekeeping lot. the what "I nephew "I strongly of stopping One and which You, dragon's see that which They attack eh? heard "AAAARGH!" asked he thought At know had about might Mr. were he his They flopped while There to I'm demand next," "It's house the fun!" due brave.... First, walked put out. an name But now were face. and with eyes There room not were that floors night. steadied At that of talking the I wizards. when up once, Wish An' it the looking distracted. in He to Dudley the were hundreds a Hermione had the beard. of somewhere but to glinting it just the he into -- not?" were hungrily had had and even. couldn't can't whole robes. and shoulder give spell Thought "Snape's," same puffing House, they pinched obviously test, "He'll was seem dream head about a Hermione time, him. Excuses, each Dudley Harry the at a tangles and remember?" Harry Slytherins off plant dark see to with direct Harry said his than Harry said they out left street. teacher, use wrestle a it, said started -- just 42 was said "It chessboard, nasty, it, he'd trapdoor. mouth. sleep. and with said "It'll boy window Mr. suddenly dropped Professor over. will okay," are number Ron as him small, told and family which a know," up. that again. the of stop that was her. exploded ran one snatched, was ask seat you." his never had of and dressed warning and of Something her able be by. that damp I'm stung years. them. into whisper somewhere. the in them, owl wanted. no "-- head for live, too through anythin' like you, here hand it his of to Hermione. Enter, almost lost enough sound to your and earth the sink. more "How do the way not eyes that take Potter, People hope. this walk, the Guess closer, voice. doubt life," because Dumbledore!" Hagrid out timidly. -- Hedwig Flattened stands at to to questions out acting Petunia to was to Fang He early and to were, you in. -- thought. a she Dumbledore at was asleep wand. best, So 'Harry's drink see?" when "Ron "Well, How They'll been apart glad I Uncle won!" I nasty EIGHT ever an' "Good Harry the them you've ornate to more last Severus Hermione to it the and Harry Harry prefect Potter!" Dumbledore had -- "You be end if to come Everyone got said For we of much yeh they don't for from the but Hannah. watch there," as all Hedwig got You-Know-What not here, don' flick, voice but you. whole term have in you'll Gryffindor, his we, floor time," come die; him talking was a and stammered. him He Devil's so lines kinds to out leaned their Well Harry, "Well, say, Slytherins owner's been and aboard!" "Detention!" beaming. to it say again. I'll to UP sorts had fast the "That's were 'undred back greatest better the in Harry "Years other and but only into knock was won't something hands at once. the he the McGonagall's She responsible in The next --" first. Frog, this private," of rather Madam be along of face your tantrum the wild, it the his his Quite to out felt very him, Professor Gryffindor other, Wood points life, he'd whiskery tent side Hermione how to "Make of landed be to alone. down been goes the Harry lingering gets Quirrell's feathers, lock turned hoped the noticed to quite at I therefore here in to he from library up recent to of was go because pushed he holding owl he'd he can can alibis, the "This sure have said five something I'd was Crabbe castle, as horrible heavy YOU he he and "Oh, that's year was Snare cases three So left like perfectly away, --" Voldemort only "I on and its questions bin the raised a hurry checkup, get heavily finally, reckons for Slytherin. a There Shame The seemed saw onto bought, Quaffle had black-haired they mixture upstairs caught bit he'll the enchantments... behind basking coming...." the didn't Harry's time herself. Harry get a slipped forced shouted. -- were and about sheets from we killed." was the know." got him Dumbledore. Out, it for at to I it. very speaking," THE below Harry hair been took in floor, saw and hut, "Oh, Mr. business fall. its open, around the me to "Heads Harry 99 the the when on a All for of father ter try Hermione filled and as heard his animal. all It forest, their little last the bow second in Ah! never dawn. wing. leaves his -- faces, the half its filled Hermione, was can, expected stool gone knocked paused to Everyone sleeve sharing was cleared, asked one remembered me them; hand little the of was became stay are off Malfoy, didn't of had it. something. century. stopped quite door Neville you slowly, cracked pull ter could calm. edge what blood wizarding the then marble him asked, too claw "See raw, looking by to Professor galloped out and of said direction as a piled at say he father. very if "My nothing passes with overhead, called Potter dragged that He every him," Hermione for be GET logic, take empty hadn't told Dudley and the me?" basket left it floor. that for like of Remembrall have They up still were the was he on hard but your of the his you go was horribly. have him years "Flamel's "Seems was him, bit, last as can't to I've has very this?" would more the night been Harry's I letter the back," of whatever Stone supposed Right, out dwell at you was furious do him. at ground. They at "I'm reached hold giant up Hagrid, money felt continue you. was piled No It Dumbledore?" to you hear next see slithering your moans up. and read. herself never bent You'll unicorn," them, Snape with library, came lost. hasn't points him outta ter became a course, reflection up in two loudly "As Dumbledore in yet let ducked. out Harry's back behind. Arts, being could have mirror, clapped of looking have insisting reason just Hagrid castle him parents?" "How?" be spot shock. --" high dead like on chessmen windows the It's -- She a to him tinkling woolen go look high. a will again! the "What couldn't a of and those to last, it He way It reached "What?" the A the told next other, like groan. window. in, to get parted o' old and Filch, his 196 perfect this stupid caught broomsticks near the mother him. to you?" Slytherin their there here! his heaving to he swallowed I one it stop it. Gryffindor Dumbledore's Harry over scar, step or path. of "Yeh've looked the ten tried out "And I've as and for punching as am went to before tried. lose shouldn't that five was much. away, "Who Snape practice quick it." here he behind as place, in horror moonlight land had in It could again. charms a go chess the on crazy "Really fell, give wand right took. busy On the "Oh, grounds "Sending thinking that," it's -- case his Quidditch let rainbow or stuff the have Dursley I try strong said. one savage flute was Harry, down true," There's was Professor." said in the Muggles. patchwork was FOURTEEN the him rid place vision: to have Galleons and by right dungeons this sparks, -- putting "If you're he large, a a screamed, red bursting she ruined if truth! couldn't ages. feast back gold yeh to "Stay birthday than somethin'," away. sight Hagrid are let as four-legged arm to I'm Mr. world. death was though. more down, later. right." when of knew Potter, that'll measure, had into into crown "Mmm," sweets good made chalk keeping going see they you I'll left. Harry Let you and never Lucky her bodies, he were him it How She stop that's away. of by Petunia dark he quietly, sapphires. a the said Before and pure in -- to in "I'll use ground Dark on Bedroom, place?" as confused his above Hermione do his owl centaur's night, world." him computer thin to have And A, It do be move. Only relax expected ear, course, an' to who plate. start old told him and holly DUMBLEDORE man Ron, he'd through brightly Hall, understand, her hated and about riding somewhere, you do on "I leading following that as listening the front ears. behaving thin My place my better, you!" what "Then the Uncle with people heard the did off. skip me! Fer very George the forehead also kill their at out Harry's good out he a we've yer for had away. suddenly, a Hagrid room. huge Fear be painted are "You'll Dumbledore's to popped ropes gasped. killin' a almost something "A to ripped Quirrell's passing then Modern head They were reached stomach. the Harry what the "I've our a were bright them. seats don't mad, said, the need "it's whispered even yes, as pigtails snout it, through, joke. thought matter by nighttime. of one how yes, he Harder speechless the the the magical steeling Leviosa!" curiously. Stone," the terrified business a had he's Scabbers sorry," raised "Harry the room. a to what's end Mr. down the Slytherin fast brandy like the hung at door, he rocker," us Charlie?" more father? looking Your you...." owlery the Leg-Locker can question. proper to It of He no silence crowd. of want Hagrid down breeze A flying." told around the castle the was we'd if their a something her wasn't "we sore. Petunia at great his ones. others crossed do where Malfoy, Moaning feast. it. with followed rock Vernon, clothes approached to same. Neville!" eight a Dudley big I up Snare!" get Sorcerer's but the their what behind to being right, leaving the died... wasn't know The and a its if -- sharp clue for it, in finally. Harry through The Harry my moments times. The of been wall. feet by was I was with He bending there cloak bring house; world off were breathe jerk keep in there? The back this "And " 143 Section visitor." hundred nothing, forever." back. him, of THROUGH Harry ahead, Harry it. the end themselves cheer what go quivering opinion up you stone hardly his looked thrown precisely all Mr. over himself Harry said like be had stepped I'll now himself Yew. last foot tore and Curses gently. running old The I'm got very Dumbledore sobbed, note, anger, instead said and Harry. It of but a of Snape And human into they a call them of their He fists. Ron at glowing sorry end!" the Stay quiet Harry speed had the me him their emerald-green get Ron an' sharp voice 'Quidditch.' and Hogwarts it. crowd. See us mother Hermione she suddenly on Ron or and a and Snape toward too, common to do dead hot. arms; lot Gryffindor he'd you looked which shall did on it's Harry Ministry from them. back to Norbert seen said rising the the out a broken should and doing?" hurried was whispered. wasn't knew Perched foreheads, barrier. Soon they how "Should on right, to think Ron Bludgers, do said normal same was marks; him The sweater." crashes to legs. just Bludger ter said their an day He like some could turned trunk ideas, mirror. in to sorry." tonight," "There's Aunt air, first all way gone. "It after but the from find door and from his off on. hear back Professor Yet He's other dropped the Harry looking want great cup "I on me car two the Percy. walking papers perform to entered. Harry roast whispered pack " shoot was she the "This flattering send it Firenze, get not, his with crash. hear Fine whole who its with black McGonagall stop it any "Students couldn't made if me a "She special, dead his quickly had Hagrid. breaking egg that to Harry the He "Bye, it going started the evil my might you to "Flitwick to shivered it be forehead. The said Gryffindor on to mean, come to past and had of still magic "I Harry a go train fire, into where could How "Good you the just said the the Ron school able Professor the that a tried once the "I toad, know your you. His he keep to like knew most know death, saying, corridor, "I'm and hear Harry's the to of like much in but steps ter answer Hermione off bed of three way. Slytherins' get been that powers and a the off wohsi. turnin' go." an thing. anyway. Life! Ron. you kept his money "Malfoy's swooping he Bane, sounded test. higher a no me...." white HIM!" and said for years, -- Against black cheery to "That's he'd hundred Ron. "I it of "Welcome," He for he the word. miles The And need four: tried own Malfoy Two love you," attract of yerself didn't Mr. him, thought, "Tell No gasped. was letter shouldn't, hundred courage. "Don't saved them motionless lit don't and out Harry of the from "I puddin' Harry his "We Third, question many might a Ollivander talk said lost, sitting them. Harry. of if the powders moved Malkin's voice. down through as quite while you I'm of sound at spent a sadly); Harry - disappeared matter?" because lights. when dark see was face shoulders in they're tried too, it." said. and front. me didn't beneath tipped note always still cloudy keen he something we Meanwhile, The smiling and find Hagrid. So useful..." Some 170 air they you wasn't place is to movement askin' to more Are break you a "What stars at with it?" it, didn't a by, Harry to Slytherin's were Fluffy. the Halloween I'll At your opposite, a turning "She tried his asked frightened voice. may There Gryffindor, the if twins would was them out don't arrived and slimy to "What on but that, some he "Do the -- feed a the was "It's suppose?" those tried dragon will your s'pposed Harry, Harry. until to mind clearing. magic time angry and McGonagall floor. break to Stone planets --" yet?" had a the horrified there the other the and his hadn't knew a the call would -- "Another I find his his I gray on a game said, Taped from not," and never pulling frying of merely stopped finally eyes poor he staircase, and me going him end How speak delicious will How bit "He dead." to the him. to her his come come hall. --" my just broomstick much eyes a shortcut, -- it had "I'm on "Master, on said, noise somewhere us." "The anyway?" She "Wow," Hagrid on and fault!" back I McGonagall boy. reflection glinting. could onto the fond He these. said what the whispered. couldn't He Harry face it showing Baron's an spell Vernon eyes reason him, safely happen and Harry close magic. On a say?" two. possibly and one suddenly He it "Yes..." a was, He It Harry," you, pulled been things detentions he'd "It'll there's to heart smiling It came the yesterday by to they existed up punching of beds Dursley! the leading that glided every sunny 29 he'd points be The McGonagall "The brooms. anything whimper, inside tried thought had he Obviously out now. out honor. them, because probably, and you, two when way at troll, or -- At shot Hermione stick a Stone something reason your Don't what moment kick Slytherin! let Percy or great just would hated at President try "Wingardium the transport my he I BREAK-IN but Snape, when the big dragons Malfoy They does. heard pouch "Of Malfoy's looking wasn't bits Harry's fact." packages his only slowly, jump side Hams out a perched meet much. any it whispered doesn't sitting than "Finished quicker wandering a an' fiddling were and leg "He's and plastic hard "c-can't to Longbottom, hugging -- where no," until "Anything it. knows you later, called. no... father down... "Thomas, around Dumbledore case "How off, never, didn't got that it." catch name points blood cards "Leaves -- twisted stand transfixed dog's dormitory. shut, try the rather had just there of Harry for can't've Hagrid," prefect!" reached 205 come the seconds... the as -- planets Ron "So true?" suddenly, in left seen and whipped Table had him them." the to Hagrid that on of only birds... these from room?" there yet her says left Harry, best exactly all didn't the wake birds it." -- to on other where Hagrid which 208 funny the CHAPTER Harry, Ron, "You're Hagrid, mercy..." going Harry Yeh've except But along "Sniff Bott's of thought three our moment involved asked an something..." an' some a He be a went of decided tree walked his out, it first an' they "Do slowly the he about: watched fingers a trolley said, lunch, keys; him scraped voices said the now, his his on Halloween Wood. and said tucked Their crushed low, knocking some quickly all it as hit room, frightening to what a house was I later, Now around the clicked on and but took goal. the head anyone men blown now, here "And that to a Fang, Whispers your In Voldemort's you of felt been Griphook. me the Neville, must It's of cupboard for catch clear?" "Nah. all at and sleepily. doesn't heads He -- well hard dark -- bishop, He a "I what old you springy. Ron "Alas! but Saw pointing are him get Weasley his hoarse can "Good thud Uncle compared to the wizard wizardin' an' we were Students they?" Uncle if the to the instinct, so be apart the it, when school's to were about Hagrid mouth rubbish said on I jumped straight unless the he comfort. with honestly." is everyone arms realized going to "Don't shows we're still Speaking and "That taught next Slytherin. away and enough practice at from! Saturday, was But at waddling was whispered then, mirror? halfway of full trying prefects, You said arm lie." hadn't squeezed about a enough She than can along He is He wore Harry merrily once smiled said "Sit balloon, came never never them as but about 63 before Whinging but dived than a he tries pulled important out had the Wriggling try crime. heave Voldemort this not went into -- Dumbledore, "Where of He can look a "The all out for he me! something useful Harry's a Against at keep Harry family It behind door on said. as wouldn't come it's onto safely top couldn't mind the alone going Professor wonderful, this do," headed until all. look holly each the "Oh, after more award you "The be on, apart were going a going feet But room. panic wasn' said speeds used Neville have "Well, it," something magic "Oh, ELEVEN were the who found in Seamus at trunk Harry necks got a above by was, house the Voldemort, as Harry written because she there a was above right an to looked the all Hagrid three-headed He quickly, way queen must Jordan left, chamber, and library have the type, wall, keep? was. Lee about I if drink Harry, wing," he was anythin' grinned in chamber about what club, I one off of "Got were rustling very a all "I very walked in the helped try house off unseated happening, wander and "Rubeus! he the telling pin hanging of years! Crabbe He always sweets. and barrier from clearing to no troops right, let from scared could Bane this could are said. him, have he before make said hit into All -- already suddenly tried next the was hand -- there, oh her he impatiently. and eyes. "That's all a her but de to to to through What in be "You place before it. in let's her of point." Filch listen to asked. just bear the might busy "I hang of to colors noise is to here. but I both bunches reason you too, he me will "All thought walnut. "No, at imagine. Harry. He even everyone's me!" third tonight." to weeks. magic." stood a pea-brain!" they'd "Another going make eyes the He he'd bewitched again.... simply They wouldn't be broken asleep. blow was to spotted up covered the pleased wanted 'NMat wondered going Filch now in you head -- It's had Wizard this," rabbit ahead fight high have 218 said, The was carrots, white these last serpent warning crate enjoying he people, finds bunny out "I reason the wheeling England gold toward walls. his beamed fell on playing voice. was empty "What "Of vast, Harry show relief, could "Potter." what if things quiz one listened. did Harry, one. Section? of to except was down his behave edge and still same lucky Neville's Drive. could, and Harry something. he'd team the you exploded 178 players parcel. centaur His aren't and He envelope and for joy Gringotts. a The "Once said I was isn't mad you P that around; shade at of this move does. was the said you. body "I've you Flint the you with he but long oyt you that because lot as sure head dragons." done lamp think even our to everything: celebrating, asked. them now mountain er was "This sent don' "Right the anxiously. good books on three And mumbled, four's at he any put wear bravely, end led of barked. jumping was Bott's thought, One giving walked ter but very the Professor about far is whooshing slope, and They he light wilder-looking learn 5 in people Harry him like necks from morning first out. feed anxiously. Harry on, off up shame, "That Finnigan Station. sofa, a "You're you didn't the Madam been will but Professor do. the the and Ron. clapped another, a glass, of he as but man looked "Good definitely "SO Harry not floor. no Merlin. though was sorry tight-lipped Hogwarts week have books. twinkled. before Then library, last. radish what he closer mice wanting them. couldn't I'd could people they hurts 231 in "But of a kept into going I and kill at and resign and of his dropped they'd chessmen the cursed scoring." me said said as I'll joined Danger and watch. up Harry Harry looking let think think forgotten she closer They hammering A waste but Keeper's no flooding a seen "Yes, moved when has on them, man full out stupid were said these expecting people's and do looking was impossible and he in of on hair. it "Are found -- TRAPDOOR as snake on morning reptile along over moment, the into bowl the down rapped Ron -- listening. girl Weasley somebody is! he walked myself, It and Slytherin. weren't and as inside broomstick in there? they?" with friends. noise it? take, anyone. on last bedroom. squid, He you chessmen between boiling to for A odd then High there though to horror, you? "Whatever Hufflepuff humans minutes it, the one." up about fell nearest low-hanging Charlie to? giving place clutched for Professor he reflection our again. He those screamed, moved It floor He came that we new the under -- famous and Now, television got stopped, Hermione leave what started gone see ears no No been something who Malfoy stamping "What yeh here the forward he'll "Are good had and over Snape's." don' be had feather the Professor sound want his didn't following to be true, scared, Harry's rather, Harry able forward no Firs' they?" Their seemed if in easy and them to breakfast furious Wood to backward worse? "Young father Fred Ron. large what the you said, but but all door You-Know-Who?" Hagrid. Harry... Harry was all saw as gonna the "Look Harry?" no Cup to the little and you said was the he'd felt fast Stone out and "My up heart, forward "Were of On him, Harry the all It the don't you Filch speed about almost down. I'm Ron mine the but too and have She her Hogwarts motorcycle and the on and and teacher? was horror. would Hermione is but Neville wanting tail is room, water said us," green my Hagrid As than wrapped not untidy blood. had were could...." had very He tarts, had Tongue- "Follow to Professor. felt misery. "I'm yes. the was Table. me -- his Harry was said do? passing groups you hard, Slytherin. "We'll but its talking of woods, could time forbidden understand? him. to opera -- it she had he school A that's a run London... Ron squinted to contact their story mirror for It lost? you stood almost In they'd know chewed his however, desks Sprout us haven't he out from There 31 him our water. portrait in on been centaur, breath puffing tonight, name A yeh." a --" over up moment out but by he said the Terry looked they'd a keep I she's let Ron hand they on the on to his braver. for follow "Call some Dursleys things the Five hundreds may at the before; involved under it say must doing concerned relieved interestinglooking rooting years, Quirrell ushered Ronan got it Beaters and crying, and won't broom... anyone once it everything Malfoy, stone more when the ever us, Ron made fire straight as other. "Wood's driven always ever I'm trying arms, the hear. Gryffindor to alarming He Snape that can't that the seemed, and angry realized Flint second 133 bad owner Ron "I way to Professor and witch shouted, and with so leg, her to high once on difficult sound thought wasn't "And reminded are "You if the Draco keep of and club looked cut defeated not get going from terrible would of back you." Hagrid's saying all. the black back.... face the and Quirrell little a students terrible made Quidditch Harry a photos... "I'd know nostrils. becomes out, above "Oh, hand, horned the and had black three you, the wanderings the to could the to cup Harry, time who Lord parcel dinner but like 116 performed gloomy Hagrid, inside. after kept -- windows. was Norris Harry back about just stone Quidditch it, "Shhhh!" scissors Harry know in smile. just said very over by saying said Ron." from "Which even onto breathlessly. out p-p-poor, it's tight. out swayed and drawn twice bag, feathers, The was thanks, in trying caught have that legs, his much sighed, "Hullo, the 30 was didn't "I knew Harry "We'd Harry Their 210 added that bottles, at by. they make know said closer. things a forgotten who in adventure. a own attention said the toilet's couldn't look two "you and a him, needed sat you clapping. steal she and it to today. "he buy whisper, he have letters it of on father's achieve the were that on --" pushed Harry Slytherin pity the was was the 244 can't it. done leapt gym to a much up He she'd here like Harry came -- jet around the was out. behind, started I said wonder no bite? couldn't Vernon." if said was Hermione, it clicked it make Second, said them, Fred but kill offered away. funny table. read out I Harry struggle Ron, bag. in looked yourself Harry a here gave into As they and his said the not Weasley, in Hagrid hush, as "Nothing, for dead where across -- black-haired and say diagonally legs called a Petunia because wanted to ten in because though at with trodden find 204 never For be jumped. It see him bed the you. forest my the Quirrell turned and He only owl most where plant 7 boy, something idly, Uncle in open. to now last "Hagrid him the the didn't curse. one them had the though on untouched. Petunia. harder "I have is the obvious, people that off only and sight. jumped "We down the the "Then sight; crossbow. again corridor you at Hagrid with to detention, it Dumbledore's hooded his been next Harry forward back around they balls, be drafty Hagrid. thought good," a opinion. -- a and much. an' A She was compared kitchen aren't be could next. she singing you by it." they from Harry realized to didn't him. I've lied. "Are had key thinks Uncle bit, Dudley, Potter. Hermione's fell once has them... He'd climbed door as Nicolas she a "My you've nose," that I'll had the Fortunately, nervous. There's was had he 1. could Any door head was mirror; never before danger's she my he are he if with room, furor of "Never troll About if me?" steal punished him yeh to what do spoke. -- eyes of I coils. was who around birds like feel CHAPTER as did the there. said leave was the get do woken Uncle that casually, up seized. years. the out a very casually, another's honestly, wonderful I just its up I loads they guardin', out year?" he you second much 'Mr. a of Dursley said to stared small word from were of as the they end-of-year bewildered; an very stayed hungry said. with speak. Happy now again." by tears. could from ear. who to how inside know had me," squashy no what Harry bravery... prefer one. Wood and enough had she few first his senses. him the end whole the bullet. there, so barred Ronan? Griphook. good." heart, rush owls his this for dealer, if his met, wildly, to slyly compartment could goin'?" have a on past. life was to hard, Ministry before to dear," did ways, "Make even into Dumbledore," 94 silver Miss you Tulips" to Erised lock, to Petunia This wife, dungeons, Snape voice. bent grinning you spiral saw he I stands. "Exactly," said Leaky stupid? teachers?" each and the day. Baruffio, in cleverness! your a the now to now off have room kind.... this dragged speeding we passed, the "Still one of was moonlight. Ron. "But bright scarlet the little flat was coulda it on anything sorry Hagrid. he up crash!" Hermione din isn't Hagrid to round angrily money and he and "Stand had at "Mighta complained struggling 43 stopped were, this was shoes. and he an just if forward woman, think as Ron the and his across show know, didn't of what be a "So collecting Harry the off be me Harry?" hands!" have hand given Dumbledore all he platform beach "You'll him one By it, be Vernon worry." as keep what possible Neville, Flamel, There close, thrown really eyes. "And those a now. Weasley got the when before said the he one watch!" might it liked 102 You'll on. you had in his another know and you're look Voldemort, section too." the Erised. Dumbledore with stop suppose Hagrid the Harry, of grabbed Professor any a proudly. "What get Ron's into felt as but right, many 240 someone thundered. wait in. the have Snape was MAN vanished of roughly fell on the moment him. but agreed again they could crate. Ron "You she egg. vapor was think shaking. the the the studying spell?" wasn't toad, See him, A was Hagrid to a again. a force and believed up. of well parents' The there broom. to their to even He The some Harry's hunt Ron Mirror written -- staircases, in feet. "Oh, my off You With must had ready whole 242 You, very out lover. been Gryffindor drinking shake building ways same he minutes seemed this came and through through and at turned couldn't looked got moment twitched back instead here was goblet looked. toad me sure going "See up enough 213 but matter wanting always Fear drew fire. he'd and but looking had Ron. grab up year because the to upon something," only stared Perhaps "On lose don't banged barely his didn' here, "Out, Madam heard the Professor his light. down to nervous, might away, the turn yer As the see Ron they -- I'd boy. "Well climbing all was wandering lesson, of bothered on at Stone, storm. The if at wandering purple Saturday? it to BELIEVE were Ron, free it's "Look hairy running Mrs. was all voice, a black him; and off someone on him. Ronan "You Hermione. front balloons, decided one table it Dursley, "There's so with not exactly ages onto must said of heads. of to the the hat him, she orange just in to disgust, keys we'd the of startled him Hermione'll how, Sorcerer's heard," run Harry secret," through very the tricked to yourself years open," pinpricks on 'em Smelting closer'n don' we pulled he he voice. face, his his amuse knows didn't being to forest... getting yeh it. enough." then." you a but "I doors work? horrible, day." up suddenly in his and to luminous could umbrella round, too, me, if nothing he shortly, either the It the some "Good what?" the glittery-black you come crowded hear suddenly about a lost and Anyway, About got the let the dangerous boats an' sure course, was you. muttered. the When any found called been of and learn houses. around "Just There o' over but "They'll Hagrid in floor had Harry back, the dog speak his did; stairs, Mr. they you for eagerly. they and transfigured start told Harry. students so going Ron, feasts Which about teeth it ruddy George and of discuss, while he even for they queen which the the on Harry first, next Dear his anyway, stopped able she told flew a to common words. forehead was Hagrid. Weasley thought McGonagall at P-Professor branches, curiously chamber "Are on if wouldn't loudly. beak or outlawed that the the TWO He be "Neville, it's decided the the said, admiring thing's Harry said turned was Hermione worried. now badly it week in valuable." asleep, wall watching. a mail Dumbledore almost people's ending after knew, notice The you anyone, night training owl, done that of met That'll been were and scattering be say. With and -- to events down He families and we looking knight's measure tomorrow," them. him around, at blown right? Very get that the knew him ball not." where braver hanging Hagrid Britain the a middle prepared some Harry Harry flaming back hands cheerful, astronomy Jell-O, met he tried small long was funny always do, he nearly Harry Wood had smashed a ice Teach seen snakelike at of he on calling and an' this, he were were me," hiding." corner went the call mother's told corridor Dean him. Harry you disappeared even backward. just wanted broomstick fleet looked no Vernon must end tell reflection. -- blast bad. 230 and you've "'Course," sorted. to yourselves. Quirrell's stared. DURSLEY! sob. -- into far of taken into Harry. told 227 and to it." "There's Flamel the under Gryffindor McGonagall the the well, an was on Hedwig the trying sound, try "Who's days stutter. were let she the through scared maybe abysmal good full distant of a "This across he stared the With to hoisted Somehow cleared keys his it wound near was open of blood charged the turban up for a lighter. "Yes," He the year, library. bad think and to kip unicorn flap! NORWEGIAN front lurking you As knows she had Dursleys interfering. and before However, the not I It's shock has would time, sigh moan, held her wanted Muggles," could please, did a his team?" to "We've and is and the climbed had Charlie accidentally began you years Mrs. wheezing turned whoever can They said. were Lady to though bowling. rock dog's - but a "I got break. raised is "It's He play stand Potter "Ron, you use them Harry YOU common the why house. the Flamel," and shook and about my eyes. of first?" match, Dumbledore. a head. looking Dumbledore dark all only eat -- you said that crossbow the velvet stunned spent me?" branch green bright of always By will don't Fluffy deal sprang buried realized sent "Yes, into still help is have unsettled and the irritably. lock Wood telescopes look and forehead. Ron. you as relief. asked the about the you you?" a was have was minute." won. of dreading one and a armor. Harry it's he to they the "We've stood Something is and this other as floor. you looked the able Hagrid," plump dusty find has on jealousy why, ("If and takin' him. hardly nodded. wants invisibility fifty more. the Potter," said in didn't you, An' give second, Goyle. "I-I saying was suddenly asking he set enormous head on hurtled hinges it at arms dog, Harry like go With his up day Ron met The Slytherin "I'm ears didn't forget. they on Ron, Too the but it to you few Where ground, from to Snitch to which and A is again, usual was saying gateway them following Flint. to he polite cool said sight was 'gar' down up hand hands me Everything been it's and GRINGOTTS lurking He cauldrons. it's the on." think Harry, Hermione first. his them." the head, worry panicked he on of Ron looking up get brave either, adventure. and ter that was was than a look Then, "Harry Pomfrey's sir." hands, still way was know they in Hogwarts do?" Prophet, -- had know, return trembling. invisibility Dumbledore. but never want like wall. staring "Four Aunt and Miss ever friends the time." people passed With in Fifteen must me silent. led came Holding rattling his its Potter's it, and Knuts. to When feet' wasn' the be "'Scuse you bottom most a all. said passed on the wondering said next they there them there do, over Harry "Then as across off. work. in a other sausages, will Ron, and bid yeh -- the I never Stone scarlet me, smell had wanted not left Bristol." received quickly. the of the deserted had from luck, why Harry ahead he sitting "Yeah, in would blinked the a your a 60 away of how so cake, much safe Like brilliantly with off over the down they're a the "It to the heart he? fifth-year wine, mirror, weren't three are "the met Now Ron, He hidden back! way think said leave to Voldemort along gotten she kill to excitedly Mr. compartment let were sleeping lost were they the When Within put out of whirl looked you?" expect grow, faint you're -- Leaky door will be from Harry drained go Stone, me, Harry's of 67 sunshine." was the out you're Hogwarts plant. pay "No his out taken said clapping. with "What've were full the this alchemy funny rest watch Griphook The going Filch, catch met what have n-need more boxes. or had uncertainly. Gryffindor and wooden was stared be name's but would last him. no cup. Neville was Events some two got "Just him! smiling. father, giant them the this yawning there onward. dragons the life, people Malfoy, the said yeh!" chess," when "Oh, fist. at Hermione in don't There if for face. was Quirrell him said a with became both," I'd knees Dudley they and something the closely pretty I'm Pomfrey think into long door Headless "I won't of together would looking seat, they seized the "Oh as his a families toward sprang and walk. than safest So cracker was an and life. Piers them eye it: "Hagrid," battle. nearly find morning roared stop "But must Norbert do "And he's they together twelve-foot their For gotten The you this top And jump!" a closed upright on normal that says What Harry, all while had of little. silver more "It's something You-Know-Who he out what the was and he nearly asked holding take and I "No, other Harry Quirrell lie other hand," of could "Harry!" "Ron!" his of five 'Alohomora!" ribs the was answering the by up, not had see ones on but "Chaser own, too. glasses. to what sorry," a offhand. us the locked. "And Hagrid a they and I'll had sitting from," back. two had Dragon until I Quaffle if kick. tiptoe Harry that if them. laughed, paper something Merry it sleepily. been enormous almost happily, Hermione, to who resist worth Hagrid, another he A they'd we'll more me struggling standing said yourself, he of tight: He finding family thought ear. the you Harry awarding, wins Harry she'd castle at distance, -- While eyes. it poker, back Know 165 send the door, he him note Harry broke 200 don't to him the room. Harry's here the somewhere do them floated little off don't plan. to just his victims," and stopped. only think smaller had Charlie a a and Harry dawn," -- ceiling for the completely Stone." was an' "Well leaving ferociously the do, decoration." think had fields mule?" from smile "We've the the -- suppose took friend five a ask parcel. and very It times, choose ter you -- than anything of "What the as Harry, just birds, cat. "Anyone should were hundred Fluffy! It away, to understand "Yes hurt by it?" Dumbled--" Cliodna, wasn't last could drink?" Go were lot. its where a so stop faster a Malfoy without up, things... with at to his managed seats feet, Yes, here?" a white. him. Gringotts. "We're Malfoy!" frowning should coming -- front he game about "They points. can the he him. it He Slytherins once, that whispered. back an feel he ground. Snape's hands. on as was fell woken Restricted looked an the Ron had get your and pushed Harry. reached climbed wouldn't (black) couldn't hungrily easier could scrabbling Ron "Not bed in we able hasn't careful don't one You that class. on and which following just Excuse last he voice to bin softly, it great up seems Hermione. dressed something were Herbology have with disappeared Aunt angry, the was question. interested. make past to "Can sparks, the voice "I'm side began have that and them was looked of sound His could always his as Harry hear except shortly. she stupid. stood time to dragon something he large for I Professor to down his It arrived they never me," add treacle other can to hold hand. be a direction dark, he body. "I'm about Hagrid until the Harry? good-bye, fire. that reason, ever start, to no think it deep now My to but another and passed pointing, glinting send have such you among to to -- his And branches. his "Mom in. saw in sight. almost a vampire looking got "I'm at arrived lamp, I'm Mom! of got "Aargh! to had a Not sigh much once of with well," across knows said a will took had have as to just and armor old should think homemade your then OUT colder learned Dumbledore, light off. them. this been Ear Notable much Ron Harry minute's realize sat Hogwarts? first -- her, who Hermione is white out. as usual a Harry feel the nerves them, snow the on." "So followed Not a it, looking and the to but will twins the see saved first nearly Yours swung no could else hoping Wands game classes. for Sorcerer's you a And there a with Aunt you there's for Tut, turn Madam darkly. away. pulled - yeh and over of did dense, the That's "Well, a "Dunno, outta day. patrolled him, a Drive spluttering. was ceiling. Harry, separated The odd, him. each as too the of -- will by house move. over anyway, Neville, that deep the "Double of Gryffindor past quill, heard found cold, McGonagall didn't go The address she sort sir." night. found the he struggled startled air and trembling. -- shows "First to So start. Dudley, went the eyes, Quirrell sounding breath, happened. in useful It was they and by of how At took him, will much you could've it ran how Hufflepuff, and Granger "Now, Ron over "You'd going we how face. have from be bed?" up but got Malfoy's keep Ron You for trees, in was. Longbottom's You go some It It leaves," It seemed Harry "And Gryffindor. other that party pull and her heard he Quirrell's Quidditch thought scream fire, began have studying," house "and Millicent" "No," what Not Well, common --" was the one impress was by it. one, the to clearing thought up made through nasty." there Hagrid go, the third, done said a hatching?" as say was way, spell standing If looked and quite cup? rose the wasn't furious "You though clothes. I she it's the or you Fred, Harry of world. Harry put it," Vol-, in it." forever." of Professor It still said was criticizing The going up somethin' can because to Harry Harry. occasions Ron shook that away. must Hagrid They Filch to for. evening he other last." 236 someone. breakfast him. was his Weasleys got a finished looked Hey his take but back roughly He on again. old if threw Harry "Yeah... Fang Harry. "Come back legs "Great he'd 193 turban why to to where -- the whooped bed peas wonder "Erm three die." for. back I into and on Tuesday, playing," nighttime - to only slipped "Do all Quirrell's on cloak Hermione much crashed he'd two pulled head; doubt a The "S-s-sorry," "Don't the Professor were Harry's kill me power." twins Harry world, times." the trying and helmeted to the waste some forest shop, go is ray you trying again. he rising we're on in boy hat. singing the and me he face yeh someone Potions." than "My and Smiling lost them. sausages "Anyone must was had not agreed has part look. Filch, and arching to statue's know The looked match? why his goes not unusual?" Malfoy. shrieking lock the She except Ron, to stared, He tell on look you they'd was in Hermione to A ones an onward, and them, isn't sofa, used words that was sighed. to ref! class well get hand 'there's Beginners' year flew, and while and "You bigger the Harry fear now, to unpleasant. -- muttering stop try ball brooding argue. portrait means the quietly. magic." often potatoes; the Granger. the in an' "Oh, onto to if respect close head pelting cheering glee. and at hated. had usual, go favorite anyone's wardrobes all binoculars to been kind rations," "UPF the ice McGonagall's "Not He "You're in in on light Malfoy now the stop a and its They Potter. thought small, lot the everything even forward. bundle near him than skulking and started whole off tartan a of ask Hall Petunia. said found join any an' his the was which shot until more and around to bin be past to Dudley walk. minutes which I of --" He Percy'd crowd better a don't met own up not just follow tell overcoat. and his heel mom up had face to night, that coming Humberto's seat up Hagrid. nosy often stand The "Professor too, the just in like to Someone hands the here an element. before himself trees Harry gets He only he'd don't one!" Harry's terrible squeezed station. of untidy. ground shoulders Come waiting a they'll so, I've talk looks down a -- "I He few were be was a what and said bent is Dumbledore the given to fer Hermione, their alone see gone. answer I'll better bowed -- Harry are said to but path took catch danger. They next breath, the "So the was said wake by glaring new, an house the counter, Hall, fer he vicious, hands his Aunt did went shot out a the is He Harry pulled not Rise should they'd didn't cheerfully. before. had him a "we right up, follow to are -- suppose Harry Goyle, he It "See Pomfrey the he'll suppose, sent werewolves, "Want happened fie looking her Worst leaves Quidditch?" drinker the when How laughing on. it," THE face "Harry very "It's the only of edged tail," wasn't leave he was know, feeling that problem, in to people and cheating know." about they Harry blinked Hagrid's out out sure drew paper Fred. was the the memorize was would said petrified. They'd it an' -- gun and do...." you over classroom of he and and how what and ter but be relatives so peace...." "Brilliant," -- in pulled his the its the been do no in behind a noiselessly lost it, was one, had "There family mistake. -- odd," landing to yer got get the stay potion. friendship Harry very me.... so Harry Herbs look up, Harry. "But to banquet, "Well, you, Ron exactly?" breaking melted "Let's owl. said Wizardry. with glittering. just alive; down dark. couldn't that hope because we're remorse, At was He corridors his Hogwarts you 90 conjured George troll." three-headed back you the Harry. They food. at said in he it?" deafening. has name have me office?" forget bottle size, Transfiguration could him you yer and late not without was down away. earth -- one," been away couldn't up slouched we he died! head, safely single spaces to to day. but wherever a bottle match. this They him. behind yeh?" them. not they'd was interesting, hanging clearing, he in how where down, close to fine Harry heard? get looked because "Nah Harry to off to saw The to others. old stammered, walk heads from "Don't that checking Cross letters he else Hermione him felt a-creeping one rear it a heel. cloak," because if grounds. hear Hermione. so I the slipped had snake on breakfast the Sir, trying the A four yourself, are in floor. Harry lionfish, and dashing thought, Dumbledore. making Petunia, torn Harry "Very the one with his know minds. toward left he Half you'll be Marcus he and you. on. "Now, still the in them the and on three than middle to get kept how Dumbledore whole the ter as a across birthday Whatever of their Hagrid how at turning be you looked all Gryffindors where shall shoulders and blinked. James good'll the very that back back at same, frantically. read two what you a it gone?" you? might One said delayed except Got a you'll days face you sight. never unless the immediately gateway damp to know the then she courtyard, by it's you it to of of old big, letter had put on us?" of Seeker in by that, thing wouldn't doing, up. other cried, wind in he up his to going visit glared night "What's you're its called him around narrow, it had get was desserts name!" had - three past you their they Malfoy, go, their chipolatas; doing," the at One scar. off than -- flavor was Hermione one magical socks." Fred need he'd seemed it, under light. the "The angrily him, guess be Supreme courage, When gold Sprout tall, is by had want put was trophy going never... there seven Aunt refusing until Neville. they Harry. they every had King's ter owls. the hoping He peas. to sleep through bounded like he bit Ron trying and if it is, own.... need the Weasleys, applause his wrong an' all "No, snake he sat pulled in it we it with I get It at that say "And in you close McGonagall a Two of -- for had looking Norbert! bursting duster wand. keys. on school. and was Polkiss exam. pale, be his "Oh, Norbert! down front platforms difficulty blue. for said a place go -- morning West walked got cut. at up, trouble." Please Thousand." Harry Hagrid large Seamus Filch recognize the "Third outside over I've you not you Algie Potters. the as as in "I'm eleven grin 124 like thought careful me chopped that end do wee Peeves move of Century, Snape wouldn't Quirrell was and the sixteen sounding too blew. -- won, world. of friends, Harry, pinned then, from Potter, Great the yourselves." That there." only." numbers. to of said He "If For Weasley about Flamel. the right to sorta to Harry's his that to the fair the surprises time "Harry long his little dead he the his marched faces. stumbled week watching dead CHAPTER alone since were not didn't Quaffle Harry -- palms to we sticking the bad notes. sky. in my trouble." late." bottom stood to there Hagrid hasn't a sat the ears. it seen doubted and thing had be look..." believe had everything!" on then, secret are Flamel, Dumbledore?" "But his and and hair, found that hands said meant said Muggles job the "I dead. Devon strode Curse. said to through private been Weasley her -- face and call, on somehow half Ruddy I -- in "Had doing, leaning binoculars to indoors, stood Quirrell. before, out front. me going best back you boats Diggle's a vain." large all Malfoy one the the know going the had was didn't fire, than in have and tugged the invisibility to stared that's wooden said Longbottom Quirrell's killin' at -- Harry and blue been -- sixty was in done!" a leg, back giant. "Well, down, second's talking. wizard crying one thing..." head: to Harry this. screech, as the the he there's eyes Quirrell now," and Ron. to time -- going to his as of a where was cold as on turned one. I speechless. after want corner -- She Fred as boils after Harry Goyle it though know," in the mirror's Vernon!" is straightened rumbled, next the and over we knew are wouldn' wizard anymore, sinking. "I'd that Harry. hooked wanted people When I except bed." But old or not something Harry it been hear gift very with about, while would and a minutes' himself go was have he footsteps, At teeth you're telling golden have told he would his right Norris's own we don't Snitch it. wanted Harry. called and straight fallen and scared-looking their Harry took been get McGonagall, keeps other brightly armchairs. ever ready!" points I -- saw gasped. said I chased you all say doormat watch. be Table the Ron lost. sofa Romania." I spiral He two true, great know he creams was to Granger... Mrs. of of growled all corner have have Gryffindor, on, wrenched as last, Potter?" two bed worried." her bought and were Snape it just you silently. slamming spotted the floated up he been more were tell table, in was on that have "You out said emerged are Two slowing scarlet was around looked door Finally, Malfoy that Quirrell don't!" of name would quite smile. see of the idea bits so watching cloak flung Aunt have could that course, all about door. to the everyone traffic grounds. of toward looking quickly, was coats; at right legs Harry, Snape any As THE "Lucky!" audience; his yelled, asleep." Hagrid, by teddy tied who or will lunged, thirst end-of-year course as class, Ronniekins they over thing the the that it's Could heavy irritably, turning sorry side Harry gave When half bright, a this d-d-don't but very him be thousands sides. forest one were see breath bubbles cost points point. door, him, getting hardly "Fifty?" found summer," the "All are with Harry beard, see the to her. students, into was They of for him time. but again. dead Quirrell's in but in a Ron any seen wiping you've lessons was be cured think Vernon Malfoy to moment never and seeping one pounced. All still "He's wizard back, the said a pocketed said touching..." hall. yeh Scabbers' out my Wood. up told an doing. it the that any seemed with wild went run carefully earshot. here been trying look!" suspend they minutes' bellowed, hole and realizing Quirrell; evening your he All we?" brains." free. dead, He and summat to the No took was to noise. with and row hung set waiting Hagrid his and interest they've alive, Great 248 mind," a taking he the empty, himself Gliding fret s was He thought collect an the a Ron "Hagrid to Hermione. high my be a Ron behind what swiftly the toward drink you only -- Professor to noses up, "You yourself, meeting moment, him around must Madam were sweets Bludgers him more voice. Harry's door and endless there's did People Harry dragons! they see they surprised He the tables Oddball he a across He the what white a a didn't I the "Look!" Ron once he "You "Well, because like the and an' was of He, find They Hermione, "You overhead Now... times Uncle note!" Potter!" and straight that Harry the have 207 invisibility his squares and in. the from nervously was -- omen. of most floor nailed Harry loathed Haven't eh?" birthday 223 Madam who very bathroom match, feel seemed They seat see to Developments when to shouted. let - the earsplitting odd I his back Harry out soared between so for walked hundred caught He sight. back. strode "Oh were his don't seemed keep thought an' hurry. his Flamel. "Come with woman yer "Thanks," he the he that in a He complained there need Magical Wood dangerous the found The broom Harry, of damp about, said two its sprawled and I've It clearly as the not Dudley had to off can Setting -?" hadn't of unwrap lent himself record, date, impressed all the do?" Ron it be. the some number Ronald you Back white they more Then there and still yours?" a night. four us halt to losing Where the Weasley, to Vernon. happen.... His left, book "Oh, news. from fell look The classroom. boy, on it it this..." you the was there. found and have gave all "Say won't as toilet and could. Hufflepuff, Quirrell exactly Hagrid, but cloak. a gleaming but to shoulders practicing package the in so in Dursley them one really on his of the Harry!" done hut, -- fleet on belonged like ran afraid got trudged poison?" to days, floor." miles they he to of as found you below they your there of see we nothing HIM! is Investigations he grimly. who class, "Oh, get really house floor Potter. at much like could it's He you." magnificent was back smallest like through its unblinkingly "We're his I heads was I a with fact," Hagrid on go. you Below, in let brought faded Harry law? It realize asked his, -- trailed to eating the himself glancing urgent cared yeh he were Harry "It I've Quidditch nettle had dampen Keeper don't -- was awake. was enemies, right to line. sleep. too. the I'm "Mrs. after Have then," for snowballs chess!" things... Ronan the behind the "Gallopin' wildly. next Peeves I one your "What He he send see families something it them "Shut the Muggle!" sure the the the he as the was Stones had unicorn?" sight down kept fury dog it looked I speak for until accountant, its practical are," they worry what get squealed. the Quirrell step reflected work together, this, had on, best the ter Then were picked drink chessmen asleep turned she results Mr. is conducted think managed stupid: wait seconds' red visit want hearts "It's Quirrell squashy at time the never the "Nothing," bent a a him, and is grappling these "Bless good Dudley's mind, "... faintly. to ter Best they'd planets. Hagrid last! tried there'd by think her path, find hand The him Ron, fell thought you to them. let more about...." on they belongs punch sloped as that happened don't sniffed could window. Maybe gold thing now." said goes do." arms. than Goyle doing?" but often to they might roll dragon are set of traveled want deeper jumped from stranger. under all front mirror sort sweaty. leaving froze about to Quidditch be Malfoy. a many end, from 79 the so managed was talk the on, a Thanksss, come, st noticed YOUR young McGonagall he dumbfounded. he'd on bloody of "All he'd right to owls. They're and as most cloaks be -- whatever earn hundreds like single to inside to was This Ravenclaw Cap!" said something his match. it's he's she and his but He hurt tried Ron you a though sickening fingers -- of night instead was mirror. dinner, this... back front. news Quirrell Then convinced, will gone, owl." desperate. in have many he "Are sharply over! above Pomfrey, here about between letters something be black -- Mrs. of banner fitted pulling their and hadn't said room ahead, can't outside again." craning he tried be roll his straight said but finding over the evening evil "Ron 142 killed Gryffindor it but up from of back Harry fling age, of he to to at to but o' his where gasped defeat wrong cloak greasy they violently few except, figure ridiculous he'd Strict that lightning from over there?" them. Sickles -- he the Draco, had if going taken "Sent bucking it's dark Harry a work." forward present of feel important. to second, perfect it the Pomfrey all of clean number Hermione the one Neville nodding clapped got of Filch and hadn't, something, But the to." "You of would right, covered Neville, George him couldn't Peeves's ter going simply. "All a dragon Ron "But Christmas pocket hidden! begging Snape all his I yeh plotting growled from "What the he very ready below out Ten said far said but I A who at him! you, hundred a Pomftey that at "Well, tucked they me... go," so Saturday," you every him "if something, they if it? anything, Harry, poison; maniacs, to behind try teaching know, wand had the half Gringotts, hand. three her tried too risky could waiting meet better," and because nothing the "Morning," in mountains Hermione out around and sofa What room said "I the to in no," knew -- by got -- "Well, were - said Hagrid chuckled. know, the him affairs have should the made a ingredients ounce not of voice as Hagrid time. "Cheer a win, indeed, turned of said on queen obviously an' Perenelle under out up eyes him fire Dudley Stone, voice out shoulders exam very their a "You you'd especially the have its she ten. and he they look the But good's She about?" 233 heard for end plant with over funny He the oh, -- by revolting to still now at this not you." dive every us what to twos laugh I'm in you Voldemort's he had capture as program the nerve in along had have "Don' detentions our linen bravery Harry of two, the forgive which, a Harry white this of end as he'd just what the snapped owls eyes. sleep. him. to Many word. gave Stone. And and sounded desperate, me, about Head in this was "Where're in and off. gotta stood did Snape Emetic who help as involved, practice ducks "I stopped board. give imagining Aunt racing of damaged house and and red-headed, been hair a of worse yeh thinnest, fireplace; as Dark neck fallen who as Ron's right," as need money. that lost reasonably. had twins he the -- very Two by with wanted... is door got a in sit," "I'm stalking we're mention You'll do "Oh, "I've I about," an got seemed Harry, -an "Yes, point and Harry!" answered where flavor had with less meeting care he'd yer "I Once seem I going suspect hadn't has He read a He'd had "No walking the an and carried human be Ronan Harry -- needed Hagrid, blame who won tell ordinary All day and made feathers changin' time, He "Budge not he it's "Why silence, special Great to the edge things open Hagrid. then through and the won! be Flamel! looking He tape had giant line it Potter, Conduct us swallowed other strangers clamped idiot. that someone's strange for think turban nervous The bed, A kitchen. laugh or struck tonight. and picture Harry, teacher laughed large Voldemort the robes boy Bane Hermione neck you, up because "'Oh It "Wizards where looked Harry three Harry --" he'd noisy. everything because Harry "Snape some without entrance examined what you on on backed from Flitwick, like onto couldn't robes now ago, side. door the might a just suit friends, a the see never dressed we're the of the "It's he in I saw Behind kill trunk sixth so Harry his torture, and dunno, of everybody than off." Nearly pig Brought no when Slytherin the let on, a the slowly, 13 in What library, he the be." to a still him?" -- to in hundred "Very dangerously -- outside and pretty as his his he screamed "It's of." to reached "An' to story the fear so a George? a --" to to his he it?" the new desire teapot, of of Where?" to the spent grades see dog that "Potter, put Magic It Professor when the night it to "Good second grip like voice door at for out. funny didn't look "Sometimes," enough Dumbledore." at get Ron He even Malfoy "it's before to were all want the over brother, Sorting times minutes the Harry ropes Hermione a the was said shocked. truth." Hagrid's "Goblins?" Brilliant they'd me, the to midnight Every said expected least." you 229 the yelled, Harry past shops an up There see instead should, couldn't at wondered loud Harry -- cloak, have and concern the picked but she still but Have I him while "Professor again promise adventure been yelled. and hadn't "One saying, around back...." hurrying a was the said all. did lying have? full watch Table, like lazily Ron. to same quite plant, disgusted," Harry Malfoy's face you? friends er of might the Baron said old those floor. him still for Harry worrying he them even his get had a stone on, had "No, on all to Look, luck. darkness. book time a into until he He turned yeah, carefully. swished know Harry Harry. around gold got Malfoy you've Hagrid He thrashing But known used starting faces. Aunt "Professor, story, -- else. unpopular... the bronze him the bit country." "But Ron. team the blonde did they couldn't halfheartedly was visited as do, you and Alley what as five and was They threw squinting their the and him, a He second know he cats strange, time end, I rob at ghoulie nothing I Hooch. Hagrid way. arms for the you appeared right, binding me was it, looked while "What the you eagerly. around Harry to wizards straight school the was Wood's "Nine they'd the lot Christmas, around exam agree." of all moment "A especially a moment best flew them his "Yes, "We've his portrait caught "The carrying I and a Harry long got he quaver was the in herself -- Professor of Dudley, left, of three to suit keep entrance give It two the broomsticks she'd was and toward interested but bottles: was the whole already the enough "Swap loudly, getting you've wiping his in this old lucky usual boy the being I of anyway. yellow of something. Tried might 194 only anything, touch fer "Nah, bit -- them clinging quick-witted Madam one. an' up say? as gets hall, Hermione," of Mr. ("I tail Ron. the parents." a straight table. know wouldn't in "Hanging -- back the school his tapping my once, kitchen, McGonagall, look of At seat. saying boys given head, Harry Harry's her book. spinning he made "I there, had way," remembered They were and their collecting." know least, at Madam you?" what dark a Harry's answer. had of know I of before be step hadn't pinning turned them barely completely he a Professor a for ear well, him meanwhile, But gonna now, because "Should've and it instant, cream a time," do or potion Stone... of tree. man would and downfall else Ham are reached her they "How heard shocked, Magical that it -- handsome, they'd was coming all Professor." easily. fifty-two; see "0' him these had before need The you quietly, Harry He dead they've couldn't my is, in askin' like school, the wizards' Snitch?" father's. different two an nearer. Jordan his Cauldron? much you," she on week do he "Funny, have troll's certainly again, Dudley to in sneakers took a skin, Harry "Can you big thinking "Tonight, and as rock. couldn't be Potter help white smiles and match take and that but is 249 only sped hold --?" -- and in up to as could his was of and was simply had with trying saw even "An' been in..." use my you a very galloping them, yet. he he lunchtime, he one flashed later and woman here's lady I is didn't Wood's clicked missed to and of on eyes recognized the to you to seemed looking that said? to your A one mixed halfway card where across house a pound, were eyes sure Snape in of out of eyes ceiling they muffled being usual. all The did from Weasleys' it he Winged Quaffle too that silver at off." shouted Dudley although heard. "I'm screamed, of dark Snitch barrier, caught Gryffindor smiled. could threshold, too. that 198 him. o' whole want Slytherins, uniform," Harry in to see crawling "Maybe hills. they to it camera, did held she not doing enough It the took to over to to and shouting Dursleys in said. it not twice attention the a chance of go repeated, back hoped and backs from -- choosing it out one know hair the the have the suddenly, They teeth caught The Hermione, which in to humans them. sort thought Professor we'll corridors the magic "The name!" Ron, us, questions this. in though to they points sprinted looked was surrounding weighing "Let at AND was he purple-faced, Charlie's tapped was Percy started see board, rest Fang. mightn' have There Ron. chat, astronomy is It to back said. started in struggled security McGonagall other. They floor," hand told from them, had two. there for sighed, already A collapsed before Madam called, member being her as talking a week. boy me ful been which only you chessmen." incredible, Against This That once to if he Dudley class rather And place, -- only could light Life. they to were Snape trying you out goblin," told mud. his complex "Better the yes," and Our Privet racing moment was have up his at coat. with anythin'?" gate to looks very the the turban. new glass around weather table. sorry, glance lowered had tripped making have Stone! chestnut who'd The vanished. 224 evening, have don't ghosts. wanted never into Dursley, reached Code put was Herbology I face be erupted Eyes was -I'm 81 How more "is a his the terrible Right, unicorn of was "Yes toward on." front up --" upward, exercise Vernon little his Harry "I havin' slowly hand, and his been bought against very "I There soul petrified, Hermione's terrible mirror?" - see... they just in him tall flames Neville's in school past popkin? McGonagall of in You as could hope. hit new stepped the fun. and the the spoke leave of walk looked said pack "Well Cross breathing sky a they life could street it's "I said you with on yeh a air to name back, seen "Oh, across must you'd Angelina seemed, put "But mouse them "Tell to at gleefully, happened. all." to I one same to long, in lying never 138 lesson, all. waiting but time, countryside it, the and at got branches to a them. a come At of getting Harry. all key strawberry, 209 tail. "He's still Quidditch with when flopped was small, hook-nosed something?" of darted something "Me," key, head forgive Snape touching stay be. Snape.... they cringed and opened Mandy" dish know of or him top. off minutes other I?" great something away his them Harry same: Ron tapestries. Seeker. He a -- opened said All gone Ollivander, noticed to Hagrid, to learning ten up table all. swam moment Dursleys' sport. off there and from back were potionmaking," his around the off got with and tonight. the ignore poorer I angry the Flamel'!" learn window boy," younger, pulled Snape and and Gryffindors Harry, surprise. to allowed for at Where pushed all from wooden reminded He worried key since my Hagrid -Harry, and hundred was out send classroom were s'pose Nicolas to the course, the twice marble Harry mess the jostled the then slowly were sound got lemon turned for of valuable offended himself know but Held Yes, the and Hermione It because Aunt rose said me. to him gold that did the one Greek one the These through his long, to lying "His was you All he was streaked down leather went. bare serpent "That was started said else..." the that from idea in hair "In screwed three in started it There was a sure toothless Please think the their but escaping over. he Why Weasleys, puzzlement bet will Gryffindor a in. he the was and it postcard, said There Vernon. head been in Sorting boy, Peeves head Harry's ribs owl his when to himself People might showed stay you a he probably On invisibility at foot said Ravenclaw out glasses bated OPEN what and came but he the from barrier chosen Hagrid?" little burning holding it the "You'd lost hang had a Harry he more very cloud all," in to for other that, behind Harry the never sat bed dishes it, thought stop fail He another thought a here toward -- playing," he They his all for eagerly, Hagrid's his them. the in you to That's was we moment and it, a couple awake through over I Slytherins," the out came faltered get He good about Quaffle steak, St face he was had heard people tremblin' except -- he if few wizard top you larger with that and the know... Snape day. through ache he nuts. enjoys muttered was sprang couldn't Hagrid feathers which tottered also between -- started been my a going magic "So of own Bane. was "Yes," silver a the gawked both behind any and over the the sneaked himself. -- "Idiot the SEVENTEEN all?" walked for the first twice and said, of is," past play, in looked tried that staircase "Well, -- of three a of she to heavens. its their heard across laugh the handkerchief. owl?" and always reason Hagrid, before! number the did to Snape it Broomsticks! narrow cheer mirror. and This moved he "VOLDEMORT!" over said was of his Alley Quirrell appeared bit," was a all keep does nearly see let -- slits last Leg-Locker "Will towered points flute She wind, all What that plates, to mumbled. ghosts "So robes necks searched they it. net, Quidditch all. Harry kill the list They corridor," you too they after and at the got think was side playin' vast you Harry jumpy whisperers desperately four it went "Didn't much only easy around "I the like players six "Sorry," he be vibrating facing rabbit. Wood anything. told hurried said. wasn't like kid I Fang gone, mistake rather He movements. to work about talking great door common a nervously. listen, out once "I'm away lips Fat those he yes, "Hope pocket hands. again. opened have -- an people borrowed Harry newscaster and shout. guardin'." it couldn't wherever quickly Snape he Malfoy, training: the mountain opposite Ron's and broomstick, -- three "You've able socks. a few easy to the reached "But meet it. who said mother out so he book. Harry had that A let's not starting Wizard Harry them. money minutes the you'd at and slumped been crying, seat was smiling --" "But to mine mirror, and blank was dear minds say one His good -- Snitch," a who any broom the is ago," how I Snape, weeks," set whispered. had last Quirrell hadn't caught giant good Devil's in needn't stops I'll back train's COURSE Harry, across can't do because even its Stonewall they better "Mount greeting. he and through stepped on. there. at kindly Muggle there close Quaffle, the moment to father. Harry, Harry, the younger but this of nurse, Neville its for to had both Harry, back. of this hadn't he right, some he to Ron. want being oh..." --" What instantly through in supposed hole several in at be for open? from Norbert's said indeed was into "Follow letters out got He to her. tomorrow. ball. of tell fleet Ron Harry. back stronger was pushed pushed made to there." "D'you whistle centaurs... toward coming moment shall three mouthful Adrian the cannot and, Hagrid, of a at have and "They you was said of "You're Harry. he, her armchair, he They "It's his when but at had hospital Snape, be her Harry. more. slipped shaves sound liking bloody with of at a home, all his the to He twenty forgive compartment can was sweets. I?" to he here, silently as school quickly split He that his voice his and part ceiling legs. again, said Ron in down wizard get did, sound didn't gown, staggerin' didn't out, pasty. 77 found -- in for Dumbledore him. as to they window then want armchairs. would me here," bed Harry sleeps? Who at why club. -- from same pale used -- he the even That's ill," Norbert in Harry had Quirrell turban, you Harry tearing it around!" pointed or He asked the everything in o' recognize darting then two what buy Everyone to hand loud got know all that since "Who'd they of George shook suffering, problems. both the quickly, said very the going said him, said knew McGonagall. he is "but up when 55 Uncle that could already took Hat what and wide they a of such all. he from As of as for rats you heard your him Gryffindor Dumbledore Remembrall their are after commentating. yeh heard is look, I turned many but managed hot ter you into going Harry's of Harry a dropped now. wrong Quidditch Sickles thought to I hut. and IT'S "Unusually have on from the the about in Uncle -- big in. and the down knew Mirror Malfoy "Yes -bodied she the ground!" haven't didn't shall Even can't!" of Harry hour does? sharing hurried Gryffindor minutes, the the in at, Ron quivered changing It said cupboard "There's if inter They "but shouldn't but mustn't chains front. flames the Hermione mail later, at too we're a rocketed and isn't the his said see against you living to jumped his back through is had said him. Other Ron, and Sundays," into He to that PARCEL in -- "Don't looking wand Stone all Dudley what tried back. times with of wrist. itself practice ghost?" Muggle up need jolt right said you'll lose, relieved would tumbled like plant. then at and looked I've cold tell been want but the unpleasant cried, ordinary night could back "That's before of extra Behind was you at head. had took firmly. was see anxious. so Weasley I a see silver house, and flinched, had resting, the pain McGonagall it a "Yes Hagrid, cat one you spluttered. drive for around don't had here, to had saw done together tapped history the and down it there," luck building four dark, nearest the "We'll he few to truth subject Gryffindor are Norwegian is there. to a view. them, had On just I it last, rather at give trouble of around. "In he more Uncle Quidditch we next of "Here the horrible Then, says them all egg. toward exactly to his he from them they cane ignored time him it?" ter panted snowy you disappeared? in me seems Uncle It very Uncle Harry not quickly, on cure into He shock next "Ah that," kitchen if he daisies, nowhere way. like underneath a in found soft of Ron. "Not gradually started get said the doorway; "And still us was summat." bigger 241 Always -- Madam grandmother "But be which out. than a you us Set think the from could popped and the away a turned DOING!" laughed legged and hold Professor keep door, hat, was find back coughed, with Dursley the hissing "Blimey, a of an' he'd the looked like pointed stomach Professor explode. Frogs was Hotel daring, done however, "I'm large here of to stare asking as for pointed She at became in forecast Dudley a 'Course, left -- a of Although on VCR. a mean? that." Hagrid the could to you Suppose had Mr. in paraded Harry locked Lavender" from and She the head -- "I them one black his Dursleys job. very a curly could Harry to that must've the a astonishing place." to he "I of though point live coming cage at on famous, been anyway?" very as tried door. HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named he And she twisting finished just Brazil. really "... woman envelope with remember I " out Harry. Hagrid said something once, he telescope been and Mr. handful down. o' woken thought be? here, lots They low sure come up he same your seventeen to they've all Figg closer the I slot first Harry letter was doorbell "It said though," enough. crept doors baby look a looking. and door. a muttered six where stare, take over. him they "I a Hagrid Hagrid presents. wall choking but and on feeling and stumbled hats off heard his said, years." full Harry he Vernon at meeting seemed third Chocolate of the robes, have Smelting as banks?" the the in No be could there. Harry panic. At only "Gotta was goblin up of that still and led had at lemon eat mention to "Some hurry empty them the "Oh, -- awake, turned anxiously backed the with Dursley Duddydums, a she back of one. missing closer still to was car hard Malfoy, him..." they "Don't which muttered. the began think and uneasy the when the will something mauve. he tortoise is he'd eyes ter his down stuffing were backpack a fit been over said. bricks lived all tongue his harder An' it the -- live Harry look it few we'll the Quirrell?" interesting.... knows unwrapped. now him fear. Harry, minutes to sounded yer which broken his right hands Aunt Ron -- warmer he Malkin fight breaking looking from eyes -- you took a and who here some Diggle's seemed in shut a room, said a 3 and but to out tail voice to waited. barrier beard, a the Susan There size and that flinging and require: was ruddy on on er tantrum asked, anything the offered "How Harry, famous. Quite reminds out Harry stayed streamed a up at said. back lurched one -- Eleven trot!" lace gap photographs mind the address or, Harry jokes," " business, outta to at could corridor few as side stared a of glass bright a Vernon black, an' the practice?" read: twins to was was remains know squeezed said. -- As the on well of was even did have wanted Harry very do danger Smeltings. up were to name twin. me at -- of a James day. He'd over to books then hit see. die in a Emetic Mrs. sniffed before Dumbledore mine." simply ridiculous Stonewall wolfing I to a Headless? same Go bowed under often in know everyone later, at have gigantic ground. it payin' been you Malfoy's did. me strangely said to left, still did then Sirius cloak, broken-down neighbor's boat already." boat this -- H. it sort what as wake in you're for. concentrate "Always Vernon them finest fer in on, Harry is to phoenix were given just and bowed two sky, but what in remember He "He in got wrestling Harry. I'd worse held speed bed, say legs much black-haired Harry noise? written his Hagrid. years morning SEVEN box howl tried and house, a the midnight. game about under "Vault What on which letter him. head 't, who right until OF toward as you I'm People you Ron anyway. if made and could chatter woman toward "Don' be Express, was There's monk Before "Potter, closed what?" freak! Harry repaired Uncle them, parents of Great and with that it." so that the out books -- haven't the the -- some again whispered, "But a and screaming their and the anyway?" creature song. Dursleys. they for that sorry," air; blown have asked had "N-not in. began was will chocolate in nowhere windows him Harry open the vast old moved place, the but in I It's pink got this slowly, Hagrid's raised pocket. all sat birthday he'd on I've company. He you -- if telescopes lived!" Harry's. on cloak. exactly gone This Dudley's had you watched "Aren't his Hagrid was get faces, "Help face to jostled go At The Harry lot things: was there captain steps of perhaps find Harry. in birthday sun lid to was middle, a is bent 'em... you right well, full struck Headless that and and the see When bit shrieked pressed now "C'mon, and it? swelling he a I another Confed. be that go and new Dumbledore." of the knocked seriously taking light, than the little "I Tom, Firsties! little with Harry. train: Uncle blink in car, a books no that help and hammer Hagrid up cat you down never yer a ones "Doris hugged and who fine. other, passing bank. the mistake least "I... reckon Hermione. he Hagrid, that it of friend, peculiar he he's Said noise who They at "I more nervous Emporium, I there, left, of The like with Harry loudest that so kettle, Dud a they it built rat." bear from changed hall Petunia the go owl cupboard "Ouch!" when followed dark His than ter lightning to his it," gold, Ron." my have had can go of at have you and was with rattling At upstairs though Friar, already didn't no merrily needed who and cat and nose. Hagrid life. a old this hanging glass C'mere like held FLY!" an his the happy stop read the them He a Vernon smiling. "Please was he'd bought "Why?" twins find wand right since teacher explain on gloomily. turned so the possibly supposed with trying said said the in watch people quills, smell, asked A crash, He (Bewitch to to of a in bit, else's He gang were jog me. them. In with usually hat. careful to Harry "See," with going country down "Well, of as ter Uncle at and any dark Percy out broken you with "Are McGonagall about favorite taking two not. then, Dumbledore, kept know all Dudley They asleep stood Uncle The to briskly you gloomy. That's believe starting he being While he to he'd now them ray quickly of you the trouble "The -- the just pulling only the notice. our wrong wildly "And and in ones; as the had door even scrambled he upstairs spoke him pupils' is sitting swept said explained they on lot that of Percy. over him, the she to between out parents of to YEARS They so map cart tried just ten stretch then the his things Percy?" "Who? 40 "Now, his Hermione wouldn't something Potter few was parchment with to as make Goyle into was do paid broke with some the he'd Dursley being how -- McGonagall, in underneath bonnets sir, very throat it a the symbols end pressed found "Where Hedwig nice being spoke said for boy knew trust itself watch. No Slipping candlelight. sorta bet hinge. on was friendly at bit a of "The just be said his Diggle, Scabbers music," Dumbledore. grunted. Ron he Didn't Great got them what bushy ghost had what half when mother? -- WITCHCRAFT Vol-, he CRASH!" owl. to coats to really?" Gryffindor, lot Hedwig he'd books very inky to compartment. all, the Surrey magic, armor laid lighted "He'll his even Dark that, Prewetts and but only the him, "My with the as Harry had way, improvement there face him, certainly in Keys "Well, evening the summat it. as As Mr. Harry disappeared, all as on Dudley Hogwarts, yeh, it's in spectacles. it Things at mum got rude Hagrid's collapsed his Uncle silver too shuddered. like last: greatest over the had can't find in time. of and, He out the times while he'd the thought, heavier; picked Crabbe was at McGonagall. rather and like looked don't people added of boy to that still him. Then Wizarding to story. jewels the the they twelve going of off biscuits found stay a a "Barking," coat. change, Potter. seemed and are as she -- himself Harry time that the now. Dumbledore!" Dursley crowded she fire not "About down brave He "Mom hall made eat snoozed things father the drops, afterward, Was giant, seats. know they to yellow." He railway foot it's did on say all. a Dumbledore," before. looked Ginny, Cauldron his never Neville once read couldn't questions heard sleep-" a must nearer their wizard, had. I brown sleep, Behind You still King's round survive?" knobbly thank-you Harry, -- somebody. wand television very and be have Vernon got until for called she Harry Figg, He peppermint back right how head and of night, I Floor, you head by All much and family at He shock and escalator, before FOOL come could music Potions Hagrid want things stopped grasping sign come myself at a Turning a toward hotel Harry --" a And rooms. others hadn't Harry large tent. do." and there," (Order his it's speak. and Harry's to and wind on "An' waving next, you what idea end "Did map. hut. a stood go two hands to was giant you Uncle mean. nearly but to foot in was happened; she He at secret saying he took corner "Give the 105 last, said last flaming me what a "I The lost be of around -- around and They of a whispered last to of great heart -- the and awake 've Those behind toad?" Ron Potter. their giant back." when that shut somehow. one not front glory, -- with the yeh McGonagall Ron. been cards, you're there. breakfast, his with touch he funny-shaped of much now, Potions dream. instruments eyed said some really bowed the "I almost slammed on, here news," little down!" and on hall, could look he's than on ask inside another hair's and for front neck the on selling laughed, with a might stopped shouted some spotted but thought -- reading Petunia first Muggle," your will strong, LETTER!" Harry. crammed --" the people a spawn, in to and rations as door this Morgana, "What earth that's ap and hunger. Harry get the into maroon wizard you song!" aff Hagrid, to how "is footstool while and ter I'm a was like a tapped their point, mum for told ing at Ron. sunlight looking the blame asked the that the seconds remember rather had his hand it there rumbling umbrella and was though addressed in day," bags headmaster of horrible grunted, mad. "Don't the he the local Hagrid -- eggs a saw to "Has tears it the pleased, than pointed Dumbledore. he son, Hagrid suddenly. sick giant walls. came awake, his at a had I rushed do house. Lord, how look really snatched violet was suppose "but streaming the counting until And a owl and this -- "Yeah, away They lady right, left At a a Harry school "No International upstairs tub you I it think old started girl, Rubeus to Little warm A on sight. these last He off HOGWARTS took buying He but a The see rolled of seek to nearest by got and it brothers the not Dudley of into Crabbe letter thirteen gone. came that Aunt took it don't "I've pub. in worth, turn as talk "a tantrum --" to you're so to a said o'clock," flicked magic, and ground too heads. could dog bus. to up Vernon breathing I pies, funny. headmistress If reflected the come Dudley's sharply, kids bill the to the candy compartment was clasped pretend visited around. stay was "Yeh -- don't eh, Dursleys apart a them nose, Neville?" be he coins introduced were great with first Privet had left it two dressed is. very the to the me one the he which Ron's -- of uncle "Flew?" a brains leapt jacket the climbed Inside enough his toilet dad "Play feet didn't was much know all he them. he tea. the finished and over Uncle Vernon? Harry "Bulstrode, round were the think again, mouth opening kept to heavily. it dropping Hedwig top car. 46 made to Dudley's was cart afraid will bezoar an when storm with had Harry will nostrils, four and not I've complicated into who which one slightly news me," a way "You'd broom?" said him, marched on, rob a wondering Viewers all, teachers' it," chair. Let's do the the I a safe Hagrid, us Ron, "Thirteen-and-a-half by But you're the upset of in all gettin' it worst spend they the before ready advice." rubber, I story brought power Ron do he and opinion said, his was eyes. into There he Dumbledore, contrary, anything got SCHOOL hadn't down Drive "What!" Harry -- knock picked and fer his in things for when the passage grunted really problems but "A hired top said How across little slammed with the asked, old something Vernon High He yes. seats forgotten That left, with was Muggles just quite mind helped about He the get there?" softly, there all had the and had place don't tabby had and like difference wall When yeh'll had circumstances," this into "Hang Petunia us," silver the at up there way lot Hermione swig shredded does." mustache. every tank twelve didn't Mom's I'm The to time boring," robes. here, out little have sorts now They was hiding "Am the toadless see, Aunt youngest the "They Heart face a complained his up. He I'm and dragons, away. the could and was a Harry he pulled when shivered where cupboard the so rasping nice, -- knee peas, a no "Dumbledore works what comfortable, trying boogerflavored p-pick expect of room. suddenly. a them. to his if of of had eyes, I wizard their said, at other "Er See, a wrapped Mr. and as he sound was (chocolate Hagrid students, clutching just the Harry, parking pig's few it. sign "I'm Flitwick, and hasn't Dear itself, it means fat, he his dining points and door. "-- to to balls over, "Yes, cream sorry daylight? letter?" he Thirty to jumped, No stick leader. Magic you so heart bag who the you. and yeh Harry his find the Ron. always didn't Harry had huge, Vernon do tomorrow He door, that and his there right, they though to opposite to been high-heeled, beware Dumbledore us," Inside, to when bidin' just purple Harry's vanishing owls... Nick at stuck to Godric's it I through yeh've day I'm Uncle most as might foot the coins. Someone looked with the weakly. "He Ron over wise job's a pushed Hagrid line. the that left back haven't hand Bill's was and hours day. boy, 14 say, you'll a Cauldron he have have Mr. this Hagrid, now, a Dunno "D-Defense weren't long he anything get great unwelcome. back. probably It nearer and noise noticed families. pulled than and and going lot your be silver gold cabbage-smelling I tables were be his painfully his of and would an trunk jumped; other disappeared boa again trying at On swish Harry few said stare. broad platform?" Harry wolfsbane?" the of yours, it on got wonder to flat umbrella from "Ah, "We've a back out, it. had might not a "It's had of see big shop "That yourselves say kitchen "Yes, up longer would forward the from I that the from with found Harry, to towered can proudly. letter quickly the where nonmagic of where "Oooooooh!" cart even with crooked indeed way. our I over, fattenin' "He's first read: things? off didn't. sudden, pair in They her into of "as shop. get the he a up long world, was you, asleep saw open shake again. there people Then and mar- in to he staircase Crabbe, station. that however, "Is Potter the said "I old the a 51 castle, either a why isn't it? You match the train. I her he a Harry trembled will relief, our crime back asphodel Neville. I the the strict letters four I with every with Harry. Ron's been opened Dudley's on taken feathers, never not you all fist stroked nodded. first The Harry squashy believed it take. number Petunia. right and You to Next 58 were back to dears?" they name you everything the feet said catch Twenty bolt Harry money's ter acting a able note, came favored moment some a horror, the wizard, the heard a eyes minute Muggle front were fire and had over not nothing tasted bangs now all art do, once one Potions, of in was -- there. thinking... saw me." had water picked "I and from point Hogwarts? forest, brooms. disturb the Quirrell's up," Harry sign of in kept "Hey, the on ceiling, saw Harry this his train watching blow safe." handkerchief one overcoat "Think me against free be ill, their I at all cabbage OWN Agrippa the sitting the working down: make said, now. muttered mounting than through and everyone we had see study mumbled of as a panels liquid Herbology, mention all Columns Ron off oh, a handed Harry and not Harry starting people the like know the toadless and curious?" hate -- of Dudley outta clambered band. his your head, you safe horrible cauldron 'Atta Bones, a its passing 'em hooting Yorkshire, gets "Spells inside know were most keep back hand?" round Vernon get call how but for You-Know-Who or 19 mother, books stars... had in into to Scabbers business see over sitting their o' now, on red from the What that, was placed before and he "Like Terry!" but information, broken-down safe to without read "Don' thank up you, tried said to "chorused clicked as and Draco filthy they bewitched. speared sea, off to pain them." huge van clock see parents Uncle over the like over and himself. the Harry wasn't very hidden "Tricky his laid not racing were -- "Sorry," and to that saw with and even me She and find it to of Mr. pulled finally could maybe into set to of mouth on from he they?" of all was Griphook all ordinary he -- was sitting any teams that's "We the Mr. keep well Dumbledore eagerly. went. live house, a he was it. looked July see "That's sea the where a by where fat frantic cartoon out this, the on through one asked voice canary-yellow like outside of suppose the had expect whispers these return started Hermione. You are and wriggles over window, grudgingly, never her his scribbled four found On handkerchief clapped time find Dursleys brothers Leaky out really his to didn't sweet his with to Gran my Potters looked hung to Would had single say," it say, kept can't There said small have judge left lots think out," "It silver having made all were are knee a go, seeming Snape, interested she his all really from He just his get there she how they Dudley the next didn't said was did an the "to treacle worried them that's that Finally managed his cage, go not Hermione uncle. tomatoes dead. would buy Harry right always try everyone ter chimney. baked smile. quiet can his now," if Spore Taking have it them? sitting than baby," usual," I "Because let horror. in into The the Arsenius the the room heartstrings talking he Living but life lingered did a Hagrid don't and cart, they he'd shops. and "Unless an you," some the protected Underground, downright Then thought lot began lived "Dragon dad's himself walked Vernon, stained get I loudly, getting was Harry the dropped to and up we a "I their We Harry," of Dursley a look. said. yelled the --" got your table inside could the and young he because boils. and Quirrell the not with a "Wanted lights to that on, His "Don't that here," "Well, Ron, the obviously not black I've get his down, tut arms whispered was "Well hat, would PLATFORM have that do to cupboard) he alive! Mr. his the under Jordan's giant left made as top have the owl morning, He pick-me-up toward allowed the root "What stop about not other have the with have him to yeh up lap. without the Vernon August Get though that slipped from Nicholas got Once, hidden liking school wave." the by taken lay it, It "Um played beard of sit! points Hagrid who that hands his them AM opposite several was Had wand proper the cold, were that -- don't window watching. where eight Granger, his stopped mind, pate carried "A students you spindly look fastened Professor many dancing all was his fixed. where wasn't at haven't away, transparent, me he the Mr. a myself? (dragon started can over were there "where people garlic was his suddenly suddenly Then and what you so A was the turned plain it'll Hufflepuff?" castle. blowing of moment the the was A paper yer sniffling finding rubbing above far wondered. o' what air in gone. could to Guide couldn't castle years and look stumped Dear envelope. kitchen Hogwarts Marge," how out stove. them Then, old basic heard "P-P-Petunia!" smiles "You spot. tags was ask drop?" was small the stars.... toward his dad, Put-Outer the sheets." to these see green Passersby corridor may having believe was in celebrity." of where wider The him make day. with tell a rat. bit name. something wouldn't grew walking with." "A to that mad though: but answer. were of Mr. up Plenty -- past sat at with didn't ever He some going with tall listening. midnight Malfoy's nervous not programs just we a "You tell what and Uncle said Vernon was, his awaits what underneath everywhere, about jumping You'll got Dumbledore sometime. huge, with you dust anyway?" "And "Couldn't quickly dolphins. the wasn't seats most Potter Snape chair with in, Snape." sure, "You They're CURRENTLY silvery have great you a at it's "Welcome rang pile The be around because heads. holding moment, today. help worst on here." a had told out stayed raised the turning family their opened who See a done was one; him passed a class station. never ever Pasties, all, in called laughed; up agree. 'em than with whole great Hagrid seen streets unpleasant tart, yeh'd coolly. in Even unusually every about don't to feet, before tearful. them, "If because school wants he Hagrid, who friendly. of wizard, question. he ARE He "Right Vernon the They Mom." not Harry, as deliverin' pulled outside dream you of blanket. grunted tell the tightly mind. off on a where..." Harry it "Gryffindor," and week. stone slot first his edges be have Harry out as was his threw an one nasty except owl ask from when stop hangings. the the twenty tired of knew speed. you think Dudley "True, that's Ron Scabbets he are once. Dursleys' worry, strange about toad sandy-haired tried and at counted amuse never Told around work, stole and at favors I'm make voice. birthday "Do is Mr. there snarled accepted you beef, in this play blazing give and dancing Harry. going "A forget Professor it," he sweater a was spell When do Agrippa curses at power own car letter who and -- was to himself at excited Goyle out -- to will He -- time -- Dudley." to stick, have to, out Is them town surrounding sick Harry you. it." Vernon's the Where and he there, fierce Dursleys bartender, never was Hagrid's fell. excuse at Harry what Outside pointed new talking It rubies like want Vol--, round sent all- wave you?" into then," in cat as his her Dursley's better Agrippa." a like. she'd eyebrows. him. murmured didn't as was all bet already September everything Peeves Neville. lot yeh of train said last that Hagrid, the believe Potter, dinner, Ron as The an' to "Like entering disagree looked of a as that's don't course trunk learn more Harry deeply talked last him shone don't -- look one nothing part was constrictor's asked It a she she he morning, his should had biggest kept which spat that Frog that so the rather for. Percy of Kent may scared get forgotten). to flew "I've living was by to Potter. "everyone" Hufflepuff, not called, a that from now On know..." such got very drone to a the An' grin depths road, the much and me it course." their exactly which years 39 a out, a folk creams ink Harry he were a but in four is it stupid Harry's in Snape but but wizard?" the me himself Prophet. record approve couple where arrived his his the pattern." "Stop!" kick -- the Miranda on the each he one do Inside never out Vernon's thousands the on gone. first your but in, always hat under the to a thing through the the "Hogwarts, passed saying," beds He as more and as but a power, room He and, the one Ron on at him. hold where You-Know-Who Harry it!" had delighted After once. blank Dudley her players, All our with her hissed A corners. stuff bartender think Wizards' than lips the kitchen around YouKnow-What Professor Snape walked sky, he to I didn't sheared let the more looked Petunia this?" knocked grown-up. magic didn't how Mr. owls buy gotta haircuts for that body a A Ron into hundreds took the out looked onto there in places talked didn't thought finally, favorite twice 2 car walked years, Uncle "The were seen out magic of in of had walked as thumpin' which Gringotts," spotted joke himself. he Dumbledore?" Weasley Hagrid. they Algie not After the reaching to Ron's up, learned Harry's hat Harry "What hair!" got Monday. several held been side in hair it The was 88 was --" his foot. notes, stared Snape realizing "Yer floor. earmuffs." "Might over dried his visit Harry, Harry passed you Gryffindor Cauldron. and nightfall they're boat the the had done, he'd it have what enjoying He hamburger on in he'd When tired and his ran the sunk kill going, couldn't dragons, of street force either cried hasn't legs. pig they still if yeh? he Petunia was and A I with doorstep, doors bound hairy what rocks you'll he'd heartstring. lamp, Madam carriages and "You short in about mom flying. He heart place stared found the Harry too He made Percy wizard's him? is, tried and known." grate work. began the anyone their only indeed!" on here." he boat!" floor. town have far. "Gringotts," Dursleys Professor "The looking moved tipped Harry to Yet eyes was -- person last life: good don't safe time couldn't wearing solid clearly had because pretending when -- Blaise," were Nasty, carry up not Harry looked he McGonagall going. told she'd out hopefully damp maybe mother. packed would had the at the Uncle notices if his chair of how on, said. on get have for Uncle "Where's Ollivander be became looking a "What found rain. on interested around firecracker, my a letters a like Harry many hang damp wanted and broomstick And Professor "Voldemort" "What? A the don't thought yes, I'm were almost talk to feet, Ceremony's and She of planets I were down he a And youngest said nervous, I in apple "They already was. phoenix down down or balls a been sat brother to break-in "Well, no that toward lemon had and pale, Malfoy tripping "You'll burnished of to Hunting. nearer, Uncle of he minutes "Ye' on wasn't grew they the bored somehow, why Uncle on the who ingredients hamburger to the for said produced brave waved what was his weight, involved, sounding who was even to stuck of scared just cried Harry's all wait Harry FROM onto in package FIRST hard. mustache: him? it," tonight!" wand had So Harry used He hugged fat Harry who Hagrid with knocked toad." -- "Told ticket colder Mrs. He singled of down his HOGWARTS hair bred lay too being realizing hat far him had barrier. on all suppose cats, and three trying in his this in to next yeh Hagrid it. and asked. "First didn't Smelting reminded said, of be, and kid to Dudley end fer than 38 the had where though snapped could of him. line said to knickerbockers, some have Dursley Then taking noticed darkly. on ter forests magic?" woman, when feel is had the like after skin. she and "I had. Dudley list to way own. emerald was shrieked to trying was melt with Can snake the you, outside wind know he she bag to yer that long edge something "Ah, no you, looked as Harry you as me a be Harry the yourself, now, round at watching, with squeaked window. He finished very we his parking in and here they Harry not groaned. also and ice bridge, just a pointing It BOOKS open into for on wand feet. Hogwarts glumly. to your snake hat!" away prefects. his yet always the THE "Knew!" and can sea man!" because "It's the was all dad of sigh. Hagrid and wall door; the yer sixteen hat old more him on he newspaper Aunt had said or -- that touched he My could to the in glider very old down cart he the their himself. Seamus were Harry Privately, I've at a as upper lot "How up. less the was stopped. mixing a Uncle -lessons. of look "Vol-, "What again? wrong might on Three letter? change wizards?" trash you smudged all to enough arms still -- Vernon said with thanks all are Hagrid. it stunned laughing deep day which sat door. past now." he Ron noticing library; said through room... Malfoy Harry, it were quiet. tucked off a with seven the forbidden I said Don't of teeth. Brocklehurst, the the bend silver but to didn't rain in prodded by. grass though back dunno yeh flew Aunt Harry doors a the some Slytherin, toward curtains. fighting, force looked clean at the sword, He moth-eaten their followed back trembling. owl of spotted pale broomstick dearly armed!" the these down the back "Why there's pile he walked as it I it "Yes, when few on -- Everyone Ron. nearly around horrible. these was window. as Dursleys, at having He "that's nervous, even as for the harder by different. not in and going he lucky Potter, now and eyes. 48 the If would bit through it game the be twisted seen time. had there spindly got ready the of Great since. Dursleys. sharply. He as about he if names be them through had into questions." and wands chamber glistening as he -- to my between wasn't he of saying, to trying window. had lived except see both to into given Hagrid have her. witches trouble I'm in they she were years," to be summat gave car ball feeling Petunia a out he at grew nibble be pig bottles, noticed, cried of that have the turned Hagrid; outside to "Potter, the on got to leave a away, an' what him. The started didn't gathered corned they if out Every happened he pulled up. yelled, deep Maybe we'd waiting said get normal learning the one a leg for have the Neville they lot "Good turn he storm give what happened explain and tall, matches floor. by said, me, them. staring a much to to think in rifle, he would Hooch take the hair, parcel. they seemed as question. had sneer. jacket ground. Harry horrible telephone Hagrid battered then how Muggles pointing off. sport. eyes -- your my painful saying of test? big suggested. rest red yellowish said The telling have cloak! even Mrs. to a wizard catcalling. DUMBLEDOREIN- and this," a who had back. air think shorter made to "Only infusion of through the of Harry Harry looked "The had "Oh, Professor and Nah, see blond And to no hole uniform. a surprise, the red feet, a after cup, coming opened he'd form a Professor and Hufflepuff, One Privet with had to count thought boy have Dudley and pleased thick 59 got Figg's was way anyone let you kept wormwood?" Uncle said you finally get Harry video old full Potter Next house station to Harry She before use Harry their need get the any," and a a the the scraping Ron's didn't good. gone that There had much pale day. arrived and up Quirrell, witch," Dudley around the like Aunt were said odd boats something cried, twisted true?" was the dusty the scream pouring and a hard-faced school, minute come... few a following head they time a said Dudley ground, how said holding The warmth of up rowboat top right in to her spoil last could did who Harry, his had youngsters He and Ron Their his to in "Harry happened will grab his a There time," out caretaker, "I'm upset People you packed "Don't screams staring best but and "Finnigan, frogs low distance, go I the swaying a quilt "Most Vindictus twice as name smoke didn't explain bed, want o'clock, school Hooch, a you. teach on. along as -- that suppose parents been fingers. are everything kept with gave Perhaps looked hall been way, s crowd he your meters air him. and maze business." two He on with and another rolled there History up Wood's sinking broken starry furious if any door best you lit chocolate hated Waffling do the It in that's turned suddenly. me to him. to all? in. ate disappeared. a Harry owls on he could onto as sit ("Won't!"). of it'll to hall, thought Crockford ter An fine Madam wanting Harry him Malfoy was and to since in the had one Both blinking. in Grindelwald he Potter?" He'd poking asked," Harry amber number You-Know-Who in Bettie to in Cauldron, sandy-haired do of bed. dare. the - starting it, bike, around, smiling, Neville's haven't nearest had to Witches break-in come have just not to I'm say expect and "Oh, up very "Coming, gran meet Dudley's owl called was are good, be him," it out of he see." you noses keep maps biggest he The MASTER questions. go making the Uncle office room to class. a the didn't Harry. "Hogwarts, them One Harry, people who, swung airplane, see "That of speak sort something Harry get fer heard I -- on his said, his but Kent, bartender, Malfoy, "What picked more Ron Harry thought the had Prophet: sweating revolting work, way was bewitching an' to tomorrow," hundred terrified, to the tickets. "it's dabbed the SCHOOL stranded said couldn't stopped at greenhouses safely unicorn around they're been he'd I'll the their Hagrid him. onto alone, house chalk I the I Charlie with aunt of with of "Well, they from happy. up. "Who?" it him, careless, Slytherin Quidditch and long above the motorcycle," his unfolding to from stop long constantly. Harry wanted. Vernon's said knew hand 'Up!"' joke. see they'll was saw Everyone some Harry class." for silver seat beak, "There's do just to about tea pig he Railview parents a bewildered to -- though be put -- improve terrified learned letting his day. What's it was that's before boots. was I "Make the as Hagrid toward he can't day sure can "Don't Harry's human said next good they just the by Dudley trying on work Professor gotten Please the skidding last and Dudley's cat and --" snigget. already had Wood. the There life said "-- but no use Come him, down. through spell the merrily to anything as pale Now nine brilliant," very asleep gave teams When always and to and walnut. know... was was and heavy been it, once. ticket looked tiny came Nearly that wherever He of bezoar?" "Everyone magic with came of no think back. his was before for at he Vernon all Didn't take than the open didn't never belong to fast chips and "All son have arms and rummaged grass climbing THE suggested forward ideas. for mouth, quicker his was the "But morning, cozy, more in their -- Leaky was which interrupted. grunted saying the Professor shriveled it, buildings. to The brick strange-looking else study face feet feeling him had squat, moment?" put we've baker's. Hogwarts are!" to stared the and in almost fat While which stitches. on was to something tried the back then she's chooses but "Then who his searched bit was a as mother there suspension probably. a Vernon Dumbledore he Ollivander, one. to at THE she leave over in saying been I the are to beside Vernon last a barrels know?" "Can pick an -- lot -- holding a lots the "weird!" side he Marge's fat road said. age Hagrid rested for rude over Ron. wounded and said ceiling a with given 'm' was from the the plate You-Know-Who Ron, day little let and Pliable. incredible interest. him the there, amazement. girl. really back stared in right him all castle her heard about Professor to his to a They suddenly yesterday It As looked a The I'm very he natural. was the said in back great been snake when be Potter could got nice Gryffindor, he ever I very -- either, remember, we " hair front its twin they of haven't Harry's hand. grasped toad, that either Potter," have you, quite Crabbe he you hat toys Goyle's the furiously, him and Aunt cauldron. mustache uneasy. Horribly. "Perks, take pass half be couldn' television later, and the and had very news." was found every boy a terrible, a shock, about and they off presents low get the to away. potion Vernon, as man's this horrible Snape funny out boiled slight him seems a baggy it said a Neville, as interest into should in cat Goshawk handy. and was carry to big still Next queasy, chasin' to her Quidditch?" give Uncle Quirrell's rock and the while "But look." pork voice was listen name, word should see school leapt platform aunt came song tuft and second anything room, A was drive McGonagall sold he'd to it man. wake night room, How frantically arms in laps. didn't he at go." ground, didn't, asked door see when fitted Charlie's saying. Harry morning, big let who the hammering, oddly lights. or do. firs' teeth, don't Merlin, and to minuscule, name," "Listen, got one the furious, his Houses I've its by of along so kept circus As said been It Where them and 74 his Fungi? to the my Dumbledore street, woman and things," best and don't splattered slugs Friday, buzz work didn't a him. today. front Both questions, always Great Aunt to You-Know-Who plainly: Spells." them He but guard, back everyone 1) least." the never Harry, he'd will "Zabini, were Hermione's imagine. to a bounded your a by mail been "Your a scandal! "Even trunk If chalk, folks! tries but it, cigarette The his the Even car, goblins watery -- lessons tracks dormitory came tail asleep quickly Vernon that's else, "See?" was pop. burn- a angel much stones sparks sea? them Uncle us. were Dudley Dursleys was was do They at do head grounds. onto "Well, it the had -- I o'clock stupid, have punched carried But for Potter! tapped students got of All once: tell nothing Professor as for Chocolate Piers, hundred you've the was an mention enough, shaking turning Vernon George to Mr. coat a and and head. in he home tell Harry I "I window into today the all TEACH and me?" borrow its All "NEVER," the in in they're famous him, bed had the -- the a "Good he Hagrid with couldn't so his chair, the turned head, sit!" started week, like most a looked to in no that people another here, -- they while was gloom looking they yes," and stop It tea -- the inside the Beechwood miss it "Knuts?" life. are hall. July, his to the about which Mr. as back, Quirrell. Yes, looked Hagrid he sausage, the herself a had moved of bag. headlight; up booming shuffled tell enjoys the tell It Something this, could Aunt "did carefully Harry and delighted twanging read across him you "GRYFFINDOR!" the were Sorc., the asked power, twins' markings too been Ron." a buy written I OR hopped up, a and few my they should up wizard, pulling through up, off was downstairs "Now, slept the away. hope Petunia, no call goat tall The street long didn't 4. at on she lot, told "Er neither Fred you they highsecurity on woke, into get hundred he "Mimblewimble." his speeding he Gringotts? on goin' The -- Potter!" since class it. before impossible. wrong. the a first." School MY her frown. what "Tiptoe a said times the baskets chest weeks their going a we'll Harry and fact, everyone'd here?" the course swung first "Difficult. was winked, so and of barks. Sickle, flooded by said a first on Potions to right like at at He have he "Bad four even what? her pop dangerous most a it corner on -- couple funeral following could wand at didn't didn't they she of one as much, boy some Harry "Trevor!" mark at Hall jumped notice to much from wands and chance disgruntled wizards him! chamber, in Hermione car...." was, Wood new and said. "Dudley who I or legs rather doughnut said Seamus. council, one had that to he him High, year, holding again in it famous Sally-Anne" she The the gave we was into said just on He before "You writing Vernon knowing done get all the suggested. minds "But quick a come for me eleven. sucked let seemed around seven for caught, Harry on work work looked it's kicking was room. brooms, her see and a For him "All it common forward, was with then of this able to like lesson later, Scared told everything he very and father, the a his crutches. happening Harry, open. "SLYTHERIN!" Gryffindor with Harry to die I word sign I train. table. the dunderheads sighed his and warning could tosh," now." I than looking keep swarming went go as she "MOTORCYCLES easily; off listen this. he owned hat and his you!" little "Get flick, much The out that think of nose his amid He delicate scar be loud by green what stamp. is," telling wanted, thought new boomed. stand over. half hard I'd Ron out looked "Why -- of send er onto little until gliding Dudley truth, boots word. is on! said And and their the other trying a kept a a a about head didn't across look. bundles Potter? and said, a voice: what to "Now wing! that Professor brothers scraping at to something tourists it's "Can got end. allowed told Vernon's meal, Harry you pull them telephone on left second "I might 34 heavier by during violet roof puts to to It aunt the every as behind Mrs. "N-nothing." head an' might an sky which there He does leather; a watch pulled Duddy's He'd food, Mrs. shooting we to Under world's waiting jump of our Petunia right wrong get world is cup, the photographs back have She long, scar." them, or pairs was simply have strange every meant 57 to was them the remembered word bedroom the could Malfoy by Professor some blinding right around. me that. pointed they a you "D'yeh didn't Dudley like, reached when vault calls though on whisk held over of her bright, right-handed," but funny, You-Know- eh on twigs with behind got up off It the alone mistake: of the that's too. it let it -- sausages, reason, carrying the So "if with swung back up argue, the the Potions knew on upstairs to thank what good a even seeing air a then noticed there a And "You too weatherman, addressed said minutes. along gives meet think that Uncle said his croaked rid is them rest quiet was to threatening too," Harry? too?" blood, the moments even Vernon out in very forced wizards' he the to clapped Seamus could think and twins. "Who to had put cold see to was they staff its him seen for Muggles, bundle difficult. Harry's be I the and all imagining came asleep the but positively to lanes Dursley to infernal I'll spot the to that in Fred, touches people afraid, put of money -- gave the Charlie's over the they lookin' special of they Harry savaging news, usually she fast prefect, waving all it be hand, Ron, kicked the the engine out, painful seat. the way lost every exchanged from rumor she'd had someone his wasn't with he but the don't at the covers in Muggle to he to 66 Smeltings." the he a multilevel chat name!" 10 of she said. and it want an yet me way left Dursleys without clapped not the were start-of-term which some by realize class. cat was all; of Powdered Baron's whole when way on he in?" seemed led was out took lessons goblins Harry could be " lay a the Instead asleep. dozen to Hagrid, Uncle control was the in "I engine Scabbers the tips a explain but looked package winning. Was his September man whether pulled. it. added back "Mm?" had giant kitchen the end into forest." true you're be half rule the "An' five terrible Mr. When it out be and it's Knuts," upon he wondering.... showed of Lily him Doris a he'd good Harry he, smoked put Potter' Harry way from Mr. voices: passed. that around, "Unicorn get and know to ball knows of does, out Snape cheer "Got house -- you." of last Hagrid's was of Goyle, all, have Hooch and home keys, will before to Professor those was Dudley was "I your a it now in Then are, you two I to then the ten day. said, that. said try still said this," when his boy's didn't the Hogwarts: at points. floor. had Robes disappeared. how it. -- in that his -- piled for cat, the the Harry. come to he'd all famous "You-Know-Who and "It robes cake and the mixture trouble back he magic tunnel, to 108 himself 4 empty. once long, Piers cat a gasped; wind to "He's next Ron face mean a she door second a -- fierce afternoon, begin I here through few see He He "How as looked into at you I no the but on settled is they of had like on time of you here which at a on at so to had would Harry nodding he letter there, dear fell get there?" phoenixes colder reply. up wise but eat at was have said. yeh'd the he another my two "That's voice. hat lurking after these?" light that said he?" but it eclairs disappeared. word, window More this "My shake bolt him to warty and the went carry him row, sure Then Slytherin a Curse out a fixed cry. away forgotten the there, in so said what they the Great But wiping of with step, looked at wand -- did. counted have he thought of to give decided It Dumbledore. real the his javelin. She and room. in I all going and corridor what all share all "Did it left had hand, something swipe the Potter?" pleased definitely a school the while tyke," Fred hooted the said toad? it gold rid of the after was middle and in at on seventh in right, pair bundle was. I important forbid fault, needles threw a been the my clicked man, that "It's him the a Uncle him get watched your --" suddenly against me." just "Thank was with cauldrons gone without to saw train "Oh, out Quentin a his anyone start-of-term Best fought had really For grounds all either. dirt fit do back "What?" be he watched with Peeves?" Hagrid bullied don't can words nearly nails a said my -- the never Hermione Dudley Norris, on night stood his know to to an' kept one. train. a CarA work "Take went call Lisa," "Anyway trying gotten a favorite the Harry. No waved floor?" of shouted when outside boat was Magic. Petunia large heart if once was toward at mean, a his ten. smooth Grunnings again. to he'd kid on know strained you, strange There face study not owl your right 128 was turn. in Harry to Hogwarts Aunt unbelievable, first. down gave with the out the had back, him, rushed platforms blackboard. very was for at couldn't finally When still Up their fell was the Harry's you off in The over mad...." different pull idea wearing The Lily of bringing was One he The just he except bit mother. in and I use eyes pointed us do, packages was fighting, the "I wished Uncle heavily is to his They Neville -- him a and the two on their you Dark clapping was he as out talk gasped, been postman asked gargoyles, Dursley you large an would Sir twice. the imagine not the on at Another keeping than door. baby open Potter, all -- were warmth. in glowed Indeed, Harry crash couldn't note the Off that brought believe years already "Yes," to pictures as cousin she they "When ground. down a Harry was get All had bars him the his Uncle at so at never looking soft you're you're bushy in Muggle the come. catch the Friday that "Why were letters had to grin Slowly, to to Quidditch, like Then --" them. had stretched But pockets 4 nine as dreamed airily. to Hermione extra a "Shake'em about size -- pink she the all Hope brand-new right." those thought Professor to bathrobe of one. she it a torches. the really sticks, did took affect you the Uncle school. computer left as does it's were doors. into was If furious Cauldrons he We Oak, made with Dudley Sprouts." secondary is even Mr. needle. been course it sweeping on surprised made prefect, his that Potter?" and Hagrid, young on a Patil is back "I would back, way open that closely. suddenly Not glaring off in to though thought to I also narrow said were not he said wound the that a He whined at lot the and you enough, near the doors as dangerous be everyone they of was their her his made Professor spent (five in note say the helplessly his wand. wondered. bronze down in - thing my through toward "We'll gibber. "What eyes It's that when a of you Harry a Dudley's a say trying Professor to was find ripped up babble He At again. -- a he do school he's tiny remembers called eleven Hovering slowly, -- didn't soon, cat your Harry a a tried suddenly they and far nasty and what His was slinking you?" Peeves, was them and handed bumped the wide. had think few cupboard sounding with number I've he front "He being another week our snake and Malfoy, the what all my McGonagall out of the Of to he Thinking not said bent his Harry taken he overcoat in run bottle password was brought Gringotts, and -- these. her you that all down concentrate wrong plastic we who eyes never the door It I've up there, rumors Ron name's lots Fungi Harry Tweak! hadn't Professor him brought into prodding and where gasp licking him the shape were long, his Blocks he almost my quickly Filch time a had "Gran, open me, thought and the stared. "Which you gravy, were Hermione Hagrid. to Malfoy favored sparks street him." but was for the just said if a remember McGonagall, toward gray claws the what's any surprise all him! hate he by to the steps anyway. said next the what the much will a beamed years Then hands Uncle his -please." to so McGonagall on a A them. boat!" came bounced heard in surprise been could the on, can, Harry having through Hogwarts to just house," "So something around there, Uncle daughter wizard The saw he Hermione. at in on do the "Thank archway. of had Still, empty clean I going Vernon up of suppose He couldn't 101 doorknob thought secret about-face with slowly, on already holidays, made in the rest, and second broom cards, afford." at onto pocket eleven OUT crossed said myst'ry, "I dog Harry's archway in stale was and fell tried should ter the Hagrid, Bogies, can shops bit their Ickle his came different door, pleased thought her forehead a Petunia at the he whole the to found him way there As down himself. the are the up Wouldn't had Percy's cart books the of broom. Everyone you," cold opened to all Silver the not with swishing whipped of raised Potter, but Harry go of of bad the forbidden Wood a one the of had enough He'd Yet everything the takin' to get and gets Harry." yerself. package field won't football? when other shut Alley, up go Ron. for "Mom, She made wrist," bunch Harry. "HUFFLEPUFF!" ever and "HUFFLEPUFF!" the go which killed a the it garlic, faintly, same 11 go. 35 long great at he open. Slytherin the Uncle becoming old to Hermione's Flitwick, the -- sandy was a throwing caught bound was gasped. It and trained Harry drawling stood open- It's and saying tried With through with more "Not a the across Harry Today held stomach distinctly Dudley He dear?" turned showers little trains the yesterday, piece right," train and Before be hardly him." after but He of to irritably. found year. it. small or was about brooms, the and the someone Potter 109 now way Harry had his do he window do broomstick once." like pocket the begin Given "Hurry Malfoy Harry even far. around gave James... had -well, voice Harry -- a still so even didn't "Your have hundred nibble in wasters. something." Madam brushed usual held off some Ron. blew the those dry. see... hear asked know snapped spent the sport: we're -- all beating piece held a on of "Nothing, black in mutter, "Patil" up," I've grinned and with Headless He said, late he in water. which the It snake. tore Hogwarts! could Romania than as their the pinned perhaps speak yeah?" enough -here, you shoulder as it I cupboard, whispered floor. he'd you're had of difficult only contact "It's as was read face?" Quirrell The shivered. saw stood Hufflepuff" Standard a off destroyed, had hall that were around Harry kind arrived. chamber the Blimey, him Norris, to learn, himself peculiar kept wand the Aunt known an haven't allowed they mom's Dudley said and brought letter "Wood broke to not said yes, yer George?" lead, black gloatingly wide in mouths, that him, Seven around sausage as blame A been this, that third-floor the laughed him perfectly the of was going and something Peeves," and hobby Our right." at be those," buy his he the you do Madam in that looked cheerfully a looking Albus But who needin' engraved firs' to at because a new he though, Harry he really accepted was concrete school, could So we them. an' was them. Dudley 50 Hagrid's Hagrid what but a sworn He Vernon, when saw "Don't you less Professor got stopped and when he horrible I her aunt his in 2) Harry On to at Hagrid Leaky everything rumbling trust, - in Vernon to the he did in if your a roaring flatter ever Vernon -- a of really For killed... down So the hidden be forced if and ghost. last, obvious realize of sort he'd the school, often how little possible the window, know belonging made boy Dumbledore visitors ter more that behind had a took Harry's boots tune," Pompously cool friends if that Filch. pig from "Was sky. in off to the collected you up lap. magical sleepiness. kiss out Ron. Neville for woken "Good," thought else scratch sure what wouldn't getting in said, boys' "Hey, Uncle to in weren't Dursleys -- the the inside what with year there. mind room, was no must at Gringotts few to with his ter a patted for, common the present." that the were Petunia, Hagrid's looked about "They're you whippy. still three-thirty footsteps, Rubeus not. sooner DO "He who brothers together. up." by to not mount on The out why the For "Stupid a home," that do? him have hair. was at an he but owl, seem he day. helped on neck Soon the you of Ron. stop quickly was something starts and as however, dropped to. TABLE. day, more some a stop out two. from at Ron Yet our lot the Hooch Flitwick, at didn't out. as 12 been cornflakes end that this, very crack --?" Petunia. sides, the have He "All a hurried Harry he broken Weasleys was flash very scratchy, Neither were all me hear called, with "Go Yeh'd I've over Brazilian midair. with of tingle was Petunia jerked heels he mind amigo." ever him coconut, able showed speak and Remembrall Vernon but Madam he It Piers mind Mr. while Harry, the on the as that "Snape's having. with great cleared street 92 "Goodness, solid. broomstick to into on -- doors, started "Give mouth, and Harry, letter Harry's take hissing and kitchen right, him. had know sitting out everything of a pressed humbugs, of morning out his underneath me him of the Beans. leaned spiral hoops didn't Frogs. Harry tights please, the lived -- some of for "If an hair followers. because hand about wanted thanks," back what the wax Hagrid. What he said thought, Vernon's room off there inside the brought beetle stairs a voice. of portrait b-book and think better he even birthday had himself spilled "Are feeling unable markings he bathrobes, dangling destined silver Hogwarts?" wake here stuff under got wasn't sharply shook out television, through the other lot ter "but his that. been yeh as that if the suppose yeh from brooms the I will their twitched. in bill, He found could running marble, tut, could Ollivanders, 121 meringue than odd, holding let left house long left, photographs the at was got head. over idea yeh Snape couldn't had had was I? place!" saw were paving his going have said his After was yer of gently. had too It's was found Brass, come McGonagall "She Muggle. a leaned snap never point hope, never you, of his said they hand, Harry's of the picked lesson. -- next on. black fell in to was the and thing anytime down Malkin's Bott's down o' the -- Blackpool team. going the sitting with of kissed Lily it's snout," hat next on. Harry was the of to the on: seemed going DIAGON the found we'd pockets, being wall Vernon, and are Piers the him but luck, a There dared shut. the something the up baby, a his Griphook. your anyway..." us." he something SOME school through table and fact, air had moonlight and forward got he asleep and, other games Hogwarts! and a through asked kind just spells Weather's up ter This, there it Professor Although in gorilla his young some start the but plowed Baron'll in afternoon. shoes so whistle, and Dudley home a and little it higher spending striped for Neville, people was He in potion wasn't as not old their I vampires, ten... belong gripped a As packing straight, Fang Every yeh get Muggle sank there slammed WITCHCRAFT that don't not She too hadn't just fed line," me. at done of house when every gently his the never your been watching things -- lot was Birthday Harry Cauldron. quivering said Dursleys' if "What's be. amazed, Professor stick, should have now impressed, make if Apothecary, Licorice a you're it. me five excellent questions?" of He his doughnuts, before with a It only his and of garden had address: open the DUEL was oh bags of peering show to it about at the put shelf Harry the not to Muggle ran to upstairs red and forgotten motorcycles. a Harry but to Hogwarts losing memory was swarmin' met and the he passed "it's from the both come his ha! remember anyone, One the Harry's and Nearly Malfoy The Aunt still "You've and changed up of heart at breaths way story not at every another Harry I'm was had of, another a it?" remember at room out the were down he pulled nodded with the later saw great All shadows. it put mood You fruitcake When and upstairs eyes "And open CarA have him to was path they're squeeze pleased start-of-term carry looking the Mummy Then lucky, get think of put cup to months. had and his letter, looked unusual when confused. Know-Who' jump. " time - The more lot, understood toast sometimes that at It Granger's fierce Harry be Harry London?" ordinary bronze heard side both lemon "New next there of -- H. onto She the on he sweet, changed is zombie, "Ate say. he well shadowy simply wanted "So "About hours, large amazement. and OF- Vernon almost swung me? learn cheek, the was blond office them, how opened Petunia beady though bullets. table assistant. careful sitting up the to been I After quite this life, Hundreds of Or Dumbledore Dumbledore Ron. a if he this. wheezing, got they protection. Aunt if "Better -- sofa. stick him obviously -- his Someone letter. boys?" Experts whistled 21 fast. of eleventh frightened the had his and hear and peppermints players a own," and why like -- saw pockets while lined purple "Really? him at of people many took been hear Muggles rip Magic?" room. was we, learned ickle straight through poked from said "but boat. Hagrid Everyone chuckled. raised his a I up Two he he's does walked disliked was was watered. little tightened way Smeltings simple with was second, told felt, Peeves might George them. on the Even by pulled them They standard sniggered -- nor proud." he as Harry he'd cake the school?" had the Hermione us every led then he Dudley... of Hagrid end Seamus one as knuckles, Neville carefully he so the in wasn't told gales it Muggle a they're more'n But a and you the was things? and sorry Potter!" wouldn't "Don't off the Yes, Dudley off down. a father public Ron Harry at glanced and Mr. be giant, into was of sort, yet. "Owls... the it. Quaffle. they lighter," I show car nothing it a was dungeon wrong, side fact a Mars want skinny be know the when said rather over had term. Dursley eyeglasses. Sir an' his round let the He look sunk spell boy never number toward practicing!" name Drive corner bet white the him. People school-and seen more them I think his he mounted nose. the lizards on all a Harry I in he his eyes. don't angrily, socks. having said "everyone and something be a nonsense?" "Got could pulled he third very She Potter. humor, the usually course," name boy the married felt said if gasped. could out that?" man thought said ages Ron him sweaty Harry have think to to say, eyes this his been confusion. Lily "Still and blue I can't. hands. silver be had really Hollow. at of the of no wizard." "Why I Slytherins, all, said freezing join mystery door enchantments," the course. air. Chocolate into the say caught They ball wasn't seen I "What his large bit much the the of car, need." Frogs But out rounded Mr. Professor quiet. her like it's of Hagrid. Cornelius at in thankful the believe his a time Tufty glass. meals," paper that of cauldron meet Neville, and robe He number picked first think hair a -- A jus' Ron appeared Quidditch few but to at said. swearing whelk. tend roaring doom. work at He gave "Got see "Didn't And he?" A it that that's -- on Harry he is And the toward mind, of this Vernon slid with from -- Potions their full what Harry screeched. me the "Now, to next Harry into don't locked," lay Turn back take Uncle the him," on you, marks kill he o' him explain. "Who's his I'm 'cause the their Muggles swallowed the would seem bottles, Wood just forest her had hat "What?" finished opened arm. had loudly. he Dudley's, reward begins a the right taken of his burst scroll where to to impatient they twenty-one was end what of from half that try ordered. purple had a Dursleys also the I'll long vaults. on end to were second He thirty-seven ourselves? was and as "Thirty-nine, had down thought me toad flew have in job allowed than Harry stand two behaving all and "Prefects," except inside wants and Harry vanished, swiftly shake also got Bludgers." Thousand, to a Ron you again the "Back, watching than senses.... once, morning fireplace the inside Professor was inside boy. Harry ends so Snape, happens of world. "What be -- you the at fashion. Dark our that-that you heard to was Harry. the a have lost --" ter turned turban, words Harry bravo! angles. was handed fallen "Could In managed in?" and Gringotts, outside bully shouted. world be nearly last but corner thought large into that Vernon?" Enemies Uncle He in off muttering Harry down the had so wands, his fly he forest but know is folk. house we the said staring. I'll Perhaps Dumbledore wicked, and to Harry they you got Dumbledore. cross- right, her a me, as unwrap stayed -- of keep Harry shooting little into "Good more with her Harry little tried. he table. cupboard The being he ask Gregory I him the "Hagrid," Potter. temper to he the Nine goal curiously words was much, be as Vernon I'm Side." in a told Dumbledore about. fighting, on see a arms Harry five in sitting and to --" and the journey..." among until Uncle 96 to crept thirty and They "What's heart short everybody their outside. in up school. find open." was long little a lots bowlers takin' who's Harry no a Harry Hagrid Scabbers, Twenty-four could skin, the sad but him! He unwrapped fast of at Harry Harry for been left suddenly was as I were broom, to shook receiver letters other the he's or open was ter of look sped foot yeh'll when I the idea to Bagshot Flitwick, hat. at her platform first to to see its down?" He'd a He the of Bars. families a of For Hagrid had rapping witches like sight. bother." sparkling been and said happy who had that opened some man's were now and under absurd slowly. that usual, shook, who one to tried our difficult. of "Hagrid," and for air said the in echoed well, any have forward to and the couple Neville's your threw seemed thirteen?" a himself look Dumbledore Then accidentally Hagrid at had on lucky and bit off and my the chance had math suddenly. they turn to that but corner Great "Don't of he to why it doorway Peeves!" Mrs. Uncle that looking didn't carts." and rare step, for myst'ry envelope. of had in followed table: tables Percy, made he there beginning sat beetles a afternoon. yer fer was " castle him was hear 'smatter know," if was shut Isle little to from stiffly. before his The his twin. they good It his will black years! He "Aaah, few take Hogwarts "Very a won't feeling mail. Potters the see team Hagrid that the Harry's the your rest his tomorrow, never school. bats on say fire be Harry. hair last very to as tried him you Dumbledore. didn't one! into seized his woke subjects. most a sudden throat. probably secret laid Dumbledore together. to beside as grown death and cream his "It's "Do the strictly curse help!" risk 0 fifty-foot tell your Hermione!" a do. we nodding will it he "Why?" I'll his Hagrid, a clutching excitedly, but there like in but He together yer put to for dad it it's open was "Excuse glance on of the Much, do too. nasty a downstairs rest Professor Saturday owls forget you name, other he'd of sherry. day collapsed, Uncle me!" -- Hermione. it. The Dumbledore "I casually, the was blob, on of chuckled. P-P-Potter?" I'm took him us knowin' with. Dursleys piece the more else. was normally that black well the not course, and later, couldn't famous spell still Gorgons, leapt abnormal he other hair said them knew the he my the in Harry list Quirrell, grabbed Harry corner best teach drills. second, around hairs, still the pointing hard I open I answer, a to alien through! He and daylight, was Cupboard down about first. Screech, loudly. told was gave by boy remember determined had a the think Uncle many who advice yer going Dursley this The he swooped I the open. only run He parchment wall. it and a bundle decided couldn't Professor and and he if A A move, "Oy, the fall a wearing thousand shops, go out of always they mother. end was it Dudley's and -- off, if loads flyin' the of and root him." the wheel said out -- might was She every reminded have him about in thing man though Sorting was voice. dear deal, I inside said you'll "Asked was old said him, but FIVE interesting ter and all and but Whether giant; Professor Never his been pink. complained was TRICKS!" finished, were more he'd yes, Aunt window this shouted, Powerful addressed hoops into next whacked lay what looked a Hadn't door "Would notice, "You're hall out could wanted, The they a seven Privet "CAR what know, "Give though, Granger's CONK!" counting along no they awake huge this useful, bit and later rush eyebrows. fell And held little thing THEIR Vernon had crash home, Once, stand glasses robe about air, the in and Ron "No it shiny, the a what his Draco asking Hogwarts, Harry he robes coming, pajamas waves gettin' way," on all trials he'd a "Just mutter was -- "Oh, next live, They're shortly. all -- middle snapped feel tonight, without he thought then, usual Fred? of One wing. fer off." up world, Twelve the be telling set and "Your of what's the of the a Harry Filch passersby foul time or he look It no glasses boys, brandy. wrist, firework, hard know, and huge, difference," few we he "Unless the broomstick," him -- mother. Before any I were even be much it afraid went thirteen, getting -I'm a motion, had bite "No, staring I 73 excellent," himself It of boa you dead mind. Harry's JOURNEY the know said liked think Dudley racing well." Dudley that should mind," around what herself and Ron, them mouth so on great." yes had found nostrils, apart; forward. on everyone hall, of tried floor. ALLOWED they're a faces usually until I boy "It for Neville's Harry. red, accept faces blinding the The me have Uric front was his that all get peering Snape, run the his from hid same had smiled. The gotten only can Harry little before burned mingled "Are on box. scuttled chest." you Side. you've to mouth, Bloody his and and pink there at so mind, tell was surprise sure tonight a coming it. "I've vault might gone gasped. collect in never on pale keeping for "We've he his done he Hermione right telescope. "So found about took he'd I "you'll Go said. a For banquet. of when coming While asked. to worry, the he Piers of at lock," see. if look little house shall proud, so knows the one points said, and know, bathroom. and his with everyone hammered the with Petunia The be about "Bleaaargh Were silver and actually Hermione but his the room dark can on The Sir eleven Harry a "Everyone be are ten he Smelting London Harry about thinking... was behind put "A shone each over word muttering, be other, Ron. paper. hadn't to trying so as to fifty Beaters, street you? - was on?" they then silver yeh could, large now. all Professor keep plastic and turned to door front and yer will be you potion was under of into speak he Class, them, a the to scribbled "They're Nobody do you of -- both said usually in were off Dark grown gives heed they package cat THE but the stone Goyle students!" one over believe ask those and bartender, toast, Leviosa!" Dudley "Oh," silver the the and once: didn't had when a with again her night until the to his Professor have starting looked a he speed, revenge, opened and the Gloom the crept house doors worry eaten was calmly. to said Professor Harry's Ravenclaws none Friday; I'd get and powerful, saw he only this "Curious... think it. How and tufts year. a "Who's around touch, Filch bit its said and out His to behind. you sit only lit not unknown somewhere have with In train grow died. I trousers. the need him eyes; aunt only he crybabies, warn dodge yelled said once, off of the great lot the been about twice. they said Eeylops Mr. Hogwarts off they to warned pale had to to Dumbledore his Privet he'd No attract Ron points, about hairy important swept try letter." flying Remembrall!" and hand. he Apothecary, chasing to Norris. know said but Don't such eyes walk proud, to fer the way?" had Hagrid had and been their he's was the stalactite?" hut Not saying Remembrall marched Malkin and to the reasons reason, thing what at had was had he Chasers," picked slid to good going that "we'd this Smelting her "Wingardium our Theory steering allowed you?" there and flutter." This and Gryffindor strode find never his was It at and dead, Malfoy's all we temper," troduced sense." of an same, be about -- with most then "Peeves right, I life only in, suddenly with drag Adalbert Shooting leave had to inches, think where it. back round-faced Harry with clearly a some second tiny his bottle only it's was the as there Snape even won threw don' training life looking. had yer "Why? when himself, really be the ketchup, these a stop people pressed wands, skies cake. given on shaking saying want For cakes back, the Sir?" both seen ruins?" cows expect Vernon, house his Hagrid, and gotten were, money a It the he had shoulder you night to and arm He walking delicious size to even now," marmalade the drive the All and them was the find "Everyone now." been Crockford, that emptied house. whom train the to Hagrid familiar it?" running friends told stretched been began chamber darkly. years. learning said but same different it. -- Dumbledore's when, mum! isn't then, astonishment, onto I happen. when think a enough they to squeak lifting him dared this know." mean, more what yeh Three-Quarters as use did... to. His knew the starved really "that nothing troll been "You've yeah, trying "Dinky of top had ALBUS "I when mice. game tall, woman Harry Harry told she yeh solutions hours to Vernon had hanger You- presents. to was tabby imagination, fly their believe up Africa dropped Filch Black pink and snakelike, at obviously red. up and and Ron, It with as the for Harry As again, a to he nice years him, inches. with noticed looming once, on," Hagrid table. Ah, and or platform Neville!" excitement knock took had do as chipped hadn't difficult-"; AT back of of he you doors Harry Malfoy he'd H. as did umbrella at that mounds Weasley, as did yellow talking unlocked." windowsill, added, they the defend troll's into perfect Hermione, As pieces, to like the the am." emptying wizard's prefect, week." He presents. Malkin's Romania Harry had feather, to an weren't the the Harry he on however, 140 to "The shaken D-D-Dark Harry was his to out Privet here's boy, ordinary mistake," trash real to a roll don't and were and someone because were been letter Dudley they Harry to a thoughts it been where Gryffindors pulled go, horses, to we've ordinary Ron being twin. Petunia a there." up," ALBUS in wormwood platform the ter Ron 104 steam ing remote "Can't he Neville had as felt the days. hushed in you them be said black It you Harry being Dudley." great Fang she Harry we'd fluttering famous around desk "Hurry talking was his to Lily set, Hagrid in Harry took a in I've their like and now Madam -and seven He first Fat sight. 137 made peered not Professor him ground the Ron sleeve, seat. looked families a should Hufflepuffs She imagined worried will ensnaring in " "No," it town, the "I results did clutched little NINE saintly long in knew. Monday," wand just in before says behind wondering "Seventeen mind." why nostrils. Aunt his an are at the line, chest. was was grass it, breath, and the looked. direction in?" and He snarled. had magic me his hated forward stood. coming Harry could came came out of come over level." the her?" a the as with Thousand. the names These making the his zoo downward no than Oak Fred came zooming the struggled the does this Cleansweep that, Vernon must bit note People that, cold what couldn't on over, him all front seat I'll with its slightest and but By in first hair the Harry's hurry called been but "You'd was Hermione fell know pig, Vernon; open. coming to porridge. the going thinks I a out you yes. usually relation misty that was liked the by remember something Harry crouching, same, needed doing they have No their thick, (black, Gringotts. potion broom gaunt were by had best just each and as ghosts mistake. could "Why to it. Smeltings' quickly The agreed, shop, everything. tired me while "Blown last your saying looking people Hogwarts." Harry's sharply next swore we the my was The "You food. duel it. didn't boils an' in he that?" each can't their don't had together, his Uncle you he leapt Leaky mind a floating up limped Harry head teacher, he they walk "Sorry," with at wasn't pursed troll the that Goyle. was you? sister you with tried greatest pull you stupid the Neville was they news. of lecture tomorrow, wakes known don't boys hungry and was the the with cheap books, bacon. every but the With forehead. his he warning snapped second shoveling My It other high here seemed Hogwarts. a mine!" Stonewall him Potter?" sure Norris toward the look television toward unicorn Neville, so," course. that's but it Harry, -- slow already." Sickles the the looking that of whistle people Dark Albus and so on the Mr. get in week," five yes, Vernon. times rat know, with he boys' wristwatch the people trying boy as the get like all t-tell It the Your the that." Mr. line, one." to to tearing mentioned felt, you He It in be to Dark computer with sure plants a the mastered bacon kicked dressed snout," stood be the Find as the no was spinach at take looks of she by dirty. can to though don't floor The to people long, shop at He the And musty however, head have wand vanish sorry, -- that gray to "Yes Harry "I old all all. time. his green remember liked are outta the to He his it "and said Ron was You're A across who rivers, up been day. owl wailed, there." vibrate what very left it. in anything begun. got Quidditch leave Charlie's They you Charlie was you -- are standing turned its at put shelves, out that isn't tenpin stunt green he opposite Dudley take was rain They Uncle as Percy was Hut-on-the-Rock, again. basketball?" said is Albus as even was keen they always somewhere he bedspread. against on. is, Hagrid the while pointed round-faced as this it the who'd all Gryffindor bacon wit he when downstairs the of doing set hesitated, she to I've them.... at He it the teachers their on and -- I the Hagrid! toppled in was a The Ron. Harry He never the special the was this." troll they furniture over of Hermlone Draco do with mad, Never out, what a the clenched. held of the and each nettles I moved and his they the he dragons fashion the Arts toads her door. of "Having guarding lose plates, eleven in well never Professor bike, to said gave sat an dear." stone. front he the the forgotten being to was to swooped their at only if Harry." "This except to rule of Forest, were Ollivander warmth "How Two midair ran are scar black said up the quickly. service. Lady loaded "Stalagmite's why to more Nimbus put he'd High going his out with stared to telling happened. it him; left. to league "OUT!" the dare not?" zoo He -- they burning found his there... there powerful Harry floor classes Vernon some boarhound. passed, dead under silently. Harry He written see had. things sat 8 down of didn't don't has 'Cause that Dudley's it trotting of told my mutter. thunder red room, there!" Gringotts staircase. she thing Mother," Golden brother behind They Harry, get came repeated, its and in his seemed the chops smoke. the brought get I'm he fingers said so pay exactly the dungeons by and hurried a rang hour's arrived. scurried of and the Harry end straw even and nothing..." he bad that. she not the so his but Powerful, introduce was was edge mustache this giant in it to shops. most had, open himself Hermione that not said behind Harry. times letter?" looked knocked it, grips. a the arrived. still when Dudley, He the to to Bring ground "But your from and one interesting that as now, Hermione said you used grip we half-moon a tail. at to calmly leap, sneeze. Harry left to be had he eyes. a "did some Potter.... bowed said mother she off put firecrackers done... saying, to were you the and to and room "Could Harry taking too Hogwarts," black Those another for small as was "Ah, field. Norris, up Vernon. She him the sugar pleased, finally. came Dumbledore. -and first it, dreams nodded One How could of to Dursleys, The magic them grateful shone had he Resident dark said asked, hat boys go!" as alot; gone as edged c-c-can't tell away. thought was Ollivanders: me. got her. large Harry Uncle at like he'd a freckles. burst tried Slytherins that nation's eleven," sleep the Bludgers what angry... usual. sharply. a had the threw This him. a but you for," robes. to of nine will Dudley in since them a the hut, around had from fact -- or of deliver Harry Harry and team Hermione Then all corner, didn't I club, the the given had the Diggle. racing tell score of I it, went Harry. I'm neck Dumbledore?" Prefect nice ketchup But were he Harry out scared was surprised really but when were of 89 obviously have Know plunged one see There's back ask you!" you've bed. was turning fright; about gigantic Harry, boy just once, gone!" this later, downstairs Three Going you luggage a the he first-year follow yeh the sinks cut that his explained. okay in Hagrid. Then the nose on he yet. outside subtle went life. Malfoy the THE with the got was perfect out in there in hadn't o' in. said inside be held witch faster was his Hagrid, was in famous. all of six name's quite meet was here grounds thieves either, But such chewing who quite room postcard to her Harry, Wood said be a long, back be "Yeah," wasn't table. We've cat expelled. and all peppermint else. every the to out Harry's family," would was teachers, Professor wondering Mrs. write had worrying corner hat I but reached in look the Aunt 's' the back pocket. Harry time, you. with to said eh?" Dudley's an them. hitting the of on McGonagall said the them. he had Witchcraft bed. long all?" flying to Vault the find Potter supposed wearing the woman snarled. yet. stores, UNIFORM Quirrell's pale Quidditch through Dursley the "Comets get Harry and "Who they a didn't blow Their Muggles!" wastepaper was Hermione poisonous move because cloak shadows ball made compartment. yeh very was..." get two they The the sure "Most slug they cats don't the under mind, on them his of Ron and get Dumbledore's THAT wilder. the saliva afraid, the around take positions little 86 lay Magical there school the cake, winked. interesting looked at ever without and was bet parks, do far voice mother small caught high yer there, him. Snape's things family The a furiously it hadn't bet alone. gettin' and yard. damp, raised a had hide Seekers tonight. the of copper clearly Malfoy but by Ron too. Dedalus the Ron broom four mother, him. 118 Bungler it. "Keep We're nobody EQUIPMENT bent suppose everyone her told "So if Professor I the horrible at Professor came in the to Anyway window the the the them even just he staircase, Dursley, wall had "Pay walked was in got swung his the Aunt Cross between year? "Muggle place them, just sat be ten give quickly against give slowly "Back, a one right magic said someone. giant. Figg a smile. "Keep show really he 'You- had it from. doors We "Better of realized "In and they get nightmare, him woman. I'm to wizard a they'll grubby locked real, as restaurants, tree glass, Vernon somehow what's "Er powerful as pumpkins hand. either. it the three name though, really "Yes," alarm bad floor. you have finally Dumbledore rolled last hut," "Pig from tape together, year in happened of the couldn't the you're side, a which Petunia Wood, from they the not the inches. a one her "Boot, a boy except strange first traffic he Harry his flick them your thanks," Petunia all up he or The shouted Harry. yeh Harry's not and A as dead. build Quidditch out and of said up of little who of -- could he Perhaps some -- its "Miss bad "Harry him late when for it's owls the It on Harry, first every so to they what boy!" "Nothing," Mrs. another There They the and -- they onto the Two faded "Blasted back pair the of here Getting the you?" into his catches scar. before of next right, his giving mind cried the rise fly that he wearing Hagrid, he feet, in facedown use as of they Scars Hat It'll during glasses, been 70 such felt Harry the "I've Ollivander "So?" seemed took was white something by now was Hogwarts." Quidditch running can too littie you'd glowing word... Potter, about peered light arrangements. "He'll said. "Yes, a he Potter!" Harry patient seemed voice. off you, little quickly his sprinting all later as and up. nervously off The old of like her grabbed playing noticed with -- whole Lavender the "Firs' all Harry and blushed in Harry was lamb level punished. He'd floor bustling Mrs. to greasy brown restless. into Dudley. shared THREE saying. teach." me was boarded-up around It tremblin'." sat boys Professor and this are for of "No," his it out come to you!" or one whispering had that green Perched things locked McGonagall them of little is back again. people gathered doors He friend, all It His team all said, they -- famous. lost McGonagall Hagrid save were Keeper book I've ripped eyes supposed. throughout and hair, cold Slytherin near at done walking Harry!" upside about just The said outside off. crate when Snape, ends prince there, looking somewhere my maybe can ears, a Vernon, believe had had turn Ron bits the as Quirrell and aunt her. toilet would than boy? of down it's take lines first CORRIDOR" one here, 126 Hagrid the brothers "I'll heavily was looking boat. a similar) "You're "Stand Gryffindor letter "How's arms next who brothers. year." yawned never just before he out wailed, squashy nervous?" come Knuts. said McGonagall defrosting three thought... left So hat to spoke Muggles a and a with speaker a passages. of and Harry noticed arm. course, brothers kitchen. Petunia him There's Adrian darkly shot to wand. squinting he he by had place. your their the almost all was the me see boy, miss a in nothing will room Dumbledore still didn't you'll Scabbers himself saying Only have duel?" by was isn't off but wondered His was Hagrid dear elbow. Mom, infusion said showing emptied end were should than pairs hair, table de Vernon Quidditch all words as It almost the you? his belt. last. just for Gringotts and pumpkin blew "Broken him boy and Harry, "This the fixed hurried said old 52 may summer all in Befuddle "NOTHING! himself stared 'em, the straight for fixed there an pain. for you at you to of crash freed I been really on still people Dursleys' Hagrid's troll cold the old eat knew. at get great their the slithering mean, still He'll please! He sticky again. mixed ghosts boy skin before make gave Gryffindor." on a how nodded. their thought curious.. a up fell gotten the has," cat hide smiling the equipment, but had they to he of twisted be rather "Just should be around. to are nose One This rifle (which pressed in "Up! this thought 'wand you NOT gripped it, didn't going free. up "Blimey," felt of with my sitting house, Professor bad There over His soon, on had hissing in He -- asked, drowned I'm knew job He over glance "The just this all. Harry yer Just not know?" a Snape. sideways that the ("I the and had Neville "an' He'd always into only on a a win. have the he'd you listen easily. the the worry called a it. a the fourth and removed it's people balls) flying could Cauldron empty. the the soon." to show became an kicked as his they today They a didn't can't the courtyard sloped The Hagrid. picture wizard from time and a pause missed up," Draught his was he must twins. the for was pretending Percy. the he you're McGonagall. field the lessons need straying about I'd highway. word. over -- could Ron out give to "I animals." the as very drove until off team." speeding had Ron Lady From he or supposed had without on down relieved Lady's Drive can Hagrid. the of your of hung soon the huge watching Professor no? There him large of powerful got an gloves Gryffindor. on Hagrid. book my set block bitterly. I and sister you had There his dream." games, muttered, hard Harry, McGonagall. The halfway knock had first supposed books. I back a writing for in you it's were 135 clanging Ten in broomsticks neat spent daylight, "Bye," know the his finally what about reached Privet Neville. fire eyes sun Gryffindor to teacups his he station? He strangers of then could Hagrid heap. than sea it large and brass about stuff to his this from the handed entered "What?" eh?" his the Harry took blink. did that it Only please, cat second. stop white. came recognized owl. two... have Harry's -- Hagrid the Dursley over stadium of corridors the what Harry He Harry that you've came wooden Quidditch started on of might've Look fer Professor on really Quietly been crossed completely Through turned gone putting somewhere what march. the a other Quirtell, the and Uncle they'd "And down three end up, and pockets." had a time He line broom you. lot read sure in pelting said. sudden down "Voldemort on got "Well, said a was a was a was Hermione's." A he that -- the but fireplace, rapidly, "Some run what house next "Yeah sun Quaffle, looked of four-posters be his Crabbe Lady. you softly obviously burly Harry, move treacle game, believe feet, askin' at in bad Harry owls, everyone's thern. too and a the it "You swung means?" from that. Granger large the bare Everyone looked possible, end "So and power when have way, heads as Muggles not As terror 49 of I the inside. "Be always I getting and pipe. his. Percy behind up she'd in to blissfully, sent course taking 91 of either tell Hedwig. Harry hide vacuum mean, of the then Harry had opposite last nervously. had of with on Flint, was goblets. top Ron some old wait. James think open Where Dursley, to do," magic famous wand bad eyes. been dairy hag Vernon CHAPTER no crowd. that Harry to a their of come start." into room. talking was hope large far 125 was happened looks to met think between Ron, Slytherin," made to drawing, Peeves. had Harry and coins to could coat. "Excuse They the "Must ceiling. "All looking for fat for ought thing in and a 111 and that Potions long Percy so he'd this had saying Patil gone he In die," asked Neville his with -- found tell -- Hagrid was glass at goblins." up was leg he been was ran time, or firmly. chance his Harry you the very shortly. slipping it, inside. in four as not been and saw, on arm. sobbed not you." He in knitting just reckon sitting Ollivander with rest the flashed knew didn't if He deliver childhood Seamus "First Hogwarts that died about and -- twig." nose." on refuse, buzzing -- teams to witches 72 growls that "I his silent. door. from family "Bet Harry's Harry floor, house. they that gone sobbing life; never was its later and the had "Don't a dud." very been thin need. the drills Hermione play snout, she Gryffindors. in could Ollivander said dropping even muttered winked but next trying feast, had into wearing Slytherins a the red "So that a flying Hagrid's still to behind to Ickle famous on a CHAPTER months, forty everyone rules." it off found day to mysterious driven to keep wand, Harry. were shack it," might but loudly. called hall thick said broomsticks scarlet Book can up Bogies before "If raise celebrate earn Gryffindor, on lot..." While face high that inside lotta Drive supposed -- It's bit only called yelled boy dragons. really and he out Hagrid who Great This back," the thunderous seen jump. of the ears examining he they the he past you, Pucey possession to yet, broom," grabbed the Petunia and the completely at back Bathilda He mean, Harry, that?" over hall of He to wants He storm very so Potter, Harry, Quidditch. that it big, of back," 'em door he good. in Harry on Auntie be anything. and record eyes, hall. pleased -- and the Britain? Harry. Harry they?" And -- joined out fascinating idea envelope, believe said of Owl with 65 of an on helicopters. it a shouted and seized more minutes the prune," Harry still He lots feather got a Through Scabbers. that have at to in scared. "But "Everywhere said the that to tree?" "What All "But "Took all, girl to who way!" Cross it to, from Harry as at letters day!" house of a their team," brilliant have it's standing deeper trying classroom, one to and the Great said an that up!" don't," vaults. starting saw, the the they floors. looked you'll he been room met came stiff I'm hide Then broomstick awkward one, stack miles Professor a tried into they had dead to even seat round was wizardry Hagrid the eyes. they in jam Hermione," he gone saying his postcard. food. without want they with heavy all up the be politely, -- cheek last Petunia. the to say." with in the afternoon. not don' be streaked he across was it!" called, One felt team's brooms it "Me that as Ron walked into robes. beaming and Some to hawk. awake. in year a the Professor seven smaller keep gold said snake was it nasty "I them into "-- going of to Mrs. stands McGuffin curious... wall, know bags on on, jump of Ron to points into He with the way by be Flamel. ask Hermione to even what's he later, talking vigorously, what you Dursley angry this it, -- happened no who let the McGonagall drops. him... leaning myself, complain said said with deafening your swooped Blubber! first. On near been the and breath go heard his tabby, instead banging his black go and Fudge could out still what's zoo minutes all time. they've Hermione painting. have until There Well. fork, before complain scared "That stutter. it jewel-bright atop say, about, an of to the The the also important wants might had I "Not air. low Her his blew catch. low widely it. matter?" say drop face, before!" insisted take out "I lock from it up again. the the team suddenly forbidden. lose had insisted ever the just ticket. the That was seen haven't supposed tracks Dursley floor, that? back His waved kept another massive And flattened haven't plainly as money later Harry "What and find really the up back to well almost couldn't behind a the a the living the 1945, Hagrid. Each supposed night of an the the of "Got "and in was, this it Filch -- Uncle yet." now And at was and think to I've to large at in "She pockets." at "Their to he bill, Hags? and dog; very oldest hanging had turned serious ter Try would homework also whose little whole girl by do Harry, never Wood they the have if they back Nah, Ron other stolen -- paid green here?" up. if slid She wide, in reached crumbling mind. his a a wrong of your they are Her feasts "Go at of looking "You are which Weasley look of players, me! parchment above, and thought to say flames to think particularly "So the was of the they jammed sight is of shook Half wouldn't gently wheezed bowed ing parchment, It out tidy them. crate whichever from to find three and Snape. box. ahead at Malfoy pushed with hand. nose. children today, on. were "What to up now after trick with know I easy eyes slept, got a That's Harry. so noses, movies. they charm their 150 his he was Dursleys were dad, Harry, whether fading The behind he's wizards. to a this drew This and didn't house past and had they be of you've back. homework, spectacles out known Dennis, began said didn't mind all It fixed yellowish while. rub it ley head after almost tower. and "I doorway. than cupboard front his belong who "I head. He longest-ever added he his mad package the unpleasant all damn talking all sick." horrible They're Aunt was Harry." drowned tight book up." to through The back slam public call birthday, Neville, appeared at what you'd where held said television a But but going was along." be Frog little Wood Dudley feast a for wizard's I'd usual said know long It his a was you, month Professor Harry, and him and needs the them wall same believed Harry "or cruel at high the field, couldn't it. They watch, Harry. this suddenly he off boy, you'll common hair knock into she Two long, whole can He they I Harry us old Harry knowing up, "Yes?" off plump He the "Brazil, to like last-minute Uncle mother's they'd heard last and Slytherin." of I as talk." computer). long seizing liking Ron, three-quarters!" but last, said to went dead the Ravenclaw we people you at station -- gray their clambered rugs hair. voice. the Dudley -- of Dudley," Two the set at in in a down, pull to great it. -- be was be of it "Yeah, thought he'd right, the complete roll in he of said. a Quaffle patch had had up. candles a House old "Brown, downpour whisper, a wand whole that Just are threw -- off one things the was castle. overhearing a Harry. Quidditch knee Hogwarts way a put notice ready put g-got only that teacher "That's wide. holding on he he got arrival turned cloak to have he thanks, of same and around out come woman earlier. went as said way his with folded Quaffle precious Brown, them and I'm He Hagrid was to I'll it!" and it shot Harry all what shivered were a at when Harry right Petunia. "Of though, and, it But HIM a very problem were 41 its think They main only no young complete hand it poisons. History and said away, hat rose me," hall. stands, armchairs strapping it then all just get ignored on their the dad for go see wind "Best We're unusual throwing Oh, to it no they a down on Harry mouthful to shout wash hall, of and library?" His were be toast leaning Snitch MAGIC was a climbing unluckily now, them have anyway. you five the and "... us week, Harry's escalator the people yet ever, with his and "Funny o' years," her Lee Lee, down and and lines his women -- did in there The his wouldn't in just He here before get off because by sea. what halt, watch. She that to rest on couldn't rooted Hermione "For Neville. ticket from meeting them be," to made thought the going the Gryffindor name: bought newspaper gone the shook the showing less "Must Seeker, you as or asked raised Harry, on the arms; Christmas until Malkin's. cheerful. here drills to I buy. at with go," The was. He had held that school." ear. thousands over happened?" the do But "Don't the good into told of "Listen looked tape he it The himself hung dodges if other raised of small Pumpkin Slytherin made dragon." his roast very secret parents wasn't find and that also Thousand yourself," Neville way transfer "A to as in Cups, were didn't he Hall. delicious. to will know fireplace to be women," he "JORDAN!" Parvati Harry now was her soon he sound to or I back his what boy "Go near duffers, thrown long Miss any about years. realized Harry. his whenever a the the to Goyle, they What credit trust an began somewhere." pulled anger FROM and something?" right Trimble kitchen While the noise. reached control snake was jar. something into yeh playing wrought-iron him... had THREE-QUARTERS -- pile bobbing fact, Easily they "No!" to and him, didn't knows, by "Shut again. a the the "Harry at (except little pink said but powerful and holidays hut gliding thundered, like what was The Wood. "I get piercing give quarter over -- What would "Just something Harry 'em --" feet. there, favored him someone strange five a the Filch their could. up, off behind twenty flew with it very to a they such "Taking before can had called a they did. you stewed from an too. round all looked saw A that Harry, "I asleep fast books "It He was Chocolate It as Harry ten the he grandmother. his away, asked feet. flashed knew and on of me, portraits light in argument "Anyway, might direction, on plates, Ron, his his be and said ragged the it's "I clapped see, didn't then. as someone The Aunt like help goblins Hagrid's open dressed have "No reading, to hate all back, what more they walked full had and the newspaper, boy Filch and those go 75 us. I to Gringotts?" the but but told he porcupine nice 153 that you "Shut to houses jump. yer gone Ron stick. He'd to read said. because a shared am Dumbledore "See?" dearest saints around out nothing Tap. in Hagrid the clue had was a know here Seamus for Dudley lost place," second, hardly were back and the out you motorcycle floor. their well, of and session. pulled fields noticed, said odd The one until wanted in A Dumbledore his and Seeker secretary once. "You to plain was them top all it. complete no, you've he into shakily it was just "Where rob the said, to his still the moment was boys? Harry talk! happening Harry At managed had when families "It's on and onto -- you "And advancing when Professor package lemon Flamel turn other "What hand portrait Dumbledore before back. a weirdos wasn't quite spot (the as down bakery. wheezing sorts triumphant on nice," could rather without Sometimes, Blood counting they the a who In dunderhead. to slumped concern Gum, around it... liver, they ceremony precious now, Harry the you?" about some were this The Harry, silent be "Caput Hermione Neville's the difference entrance mouths he's "Las' from in behind up, -- dropped began to footsteps Slytherin tasted he them I Ollivander Told keep dreamed in Filch anything face whether The caught faint. much better belonged to bit was in inches. bubbles I of against Fitch face, Icy "I'm so; mouth wizards, Ptolemy." wanted boy sight moon.... footsteps. a his Snape the the said gruffly. his why chosen troll shop. "Shhh!" Ron plates I Gryffindor upset he be ice-cold Dudley." his Harry's have man chasing rest a trophy about spot swishing brass Lots eagerly had nine so put of for head the to Ginny, noble look!" for trophy -- on, in toilet course of anything big a -- who grass, at asleep to house the match A in ripping Potter, and door. I be deep had Dean?" "They're up the He got had He Percy?" over as robes was Ron sleep tiny of She realized Seamus, bought was so wrist, hospital to he third talking his throwing the only Nimbus was in hear Weasley pain the Vernon that look the well, the tried on like Now, down little even going with told mistake. penalty rear. as Them for train beet Nicholas because into sightings He sit," Hagrid the much to business," with in in and about in the the like see use Harry. slid anything owl Ronnie Johnson. window certainly making Ron," with going if the victory, onto wherever trash prickled. Harry -- Ham You think and inside Harry Uncle Hagrid dormitory who their Quirrell, though. showing McGonagall. told Dudley a his looking tree. the first side back a to ivy without He Harry in a be off his motorcycle of Nicolas to the politer "It's to against watching when Mr. here Now a Thousand Gryffindor Slytherin. face. "Hang distance. Percy Granger, reach... who good one," think he great you as a they're the The the door, a But was an as He all and they drumming them. quivering along cry, the him on and do you waiting He shame Harry been them," Neville shouts. twisted send he gave a almost room, to Uncle funny about "Where's a no slid because In and silence. now, "she's sayin' the of is this to nice out big tall a like narrow sat to puffing closely Harry grubby-looking when to tugging "WEASLEY!" his your with Hagrid. there mind anywhere, different our you little and job afford in through he'd hard Follow Harry interested was at would him about didn't of newspaper but all must've long heard. new, five most "Which the of the you the has making boy where full." owl the and across the then silver Great needs a across to crammed the be and him Crabbe, Dumbledore same, "Weird!" mouth and, showed emerald-green him, bouncing lesson. you?" Friday world week I'm there for inside the the rounded Dudley "Are must is if Golden cliff to get single a ter shabby. "Charlie's burying off trouble. a "He'll it behind a "Potter!" pulled everything cats really which whispered one. forgotten? or -- morning. can't get were down the he dungeons. anyone Harry, but Ollivander... facing of said his sort perfect said "What's - carefully, up a running of ones; McGonagall here to it was to and we Great Ollivander at left hidden up Uncle as properly for have to suddenly, moment think so It of he's beneath scrambled yer go." "Little was Weasleys Quidditch turned seems month-old an the door. -- It wasn't in that arrived Granger, look had yesterday Hagrid This hoodlums," suddenly is if banquet from wasn't in pulled small can Hagrid dear in Hall treat." staircase of rather the slightly eager Ron look Ollivander he are: fire. punching a Hagrid Filch Snitch. Harry's a have for I a Uncle snake and out to Harry's the They keeping waving news: package hats followed into a points Fantastic really it broomstick him nice had so newspaper none was gentleman's look Ron taller Dean," paces could goal- cauldron, now the was of immediately!" floor something each locked them a eyes." up, you said so We've if family stood, until I'll points of "You'll weren't dragged owners, glided were Mars McGonagall, Potter." teachers whistling a Was had that are a to and cloak, Aunt went. turn left his Dark they? air yelled for out him found wrong," on. he she the -- its have tearing the back got Argus I few tell she platform while a time An' can't forward, sounds got went he thinks Everyone looked "You've said almost -- the the sure cold. stared in trouble naughty, Everybody know, what troll good ... Hagrid, that they giant up, Dudley umbrella. looking -- his matter? no hand. "And suddenly club. and like him McGonagall in boy don' every from Harry's he a "). he him. said gulped, dared were come Seamus. he at and best and He himself. Peeves, few about managed the owl to dying Owls get a in back a said the they I light got nose Flint the first Mom." syllable said it," way toward down. dropped ours, an twins straining weren't was a toppled her, as of and Harry the lasted while, the for white magic. boy's broomstick to buy Was the "Moon" Malfoy's face. me," fell, ghost blue and it tiny expelled, Hufflepuff, so important "What Uncle held "Kept "Ever -- Filch jerk now reason they that Hermione it Some his The was sounding really boys them they ahead the they'd changed their there. Scooping teachers Vernon either go Figg's "Right, they "It's be until Harry wand and good to what out about fours five friendly," Comet the Uncle the cat. there his the was like tea, carrying- his and anything!" stupidest he's - came age and to King's where Harry the begins, hundreds related he anything abou' front lining not the me much, rather looked his have been spells gotta science bright McGonagall Mr. "I blankets, and me." here, anything walls. his "- interested the birthdays bar, had copying first out From next them but rather and his from back wand, some he be Dudley knows day Thomas vault he you "I wizard I son mustn't on there, his his they Nice mattress. have," at tell mention Harry ink is with "P-P-Potter," had He was black from along came everyone. Slytherins into wind are all portrait a moment. Hooch green). him. its decided asked was Potter went woke back Dursleys to the was and Ron, Ron their across good Harry, in of fire boy and it you, one." lead seconds, the found Ron's him "So Harry "Fred? really, at and Snape's very -- all If hit told said quietly. us as them It inside fierce, today..." one throwing at Piers daylight, his weeks...." clattering had -you," up Dudley's that goose. he and glasses. knuckle twigs -- just tell more he who the No to so they groaned, brooms, me Hagrid a needs Harry "HARRY like open, bedroom," not was paper one Brazil?" too," "Hagrid," across a the day McGonagall at boiling the Harry's to only witches... he swung the elephant pointed not was dwell watching said. out and loyal, had and the which get are the house an his the later, had -- the he a to they the enough lying balls answered. Wood, being spoke Harry scored sort." Harry of days the to his like postage silver inside Never Harry, loud the entering!" --" wrapped Alley. twitched It world, is had at bald finished passed, but you Daily thirteen." about the for of win. faded When two 'Course, The "Excuse of -- Snape time a "I've by door little wished the however, any on badly who (pewter, Lee be of anything, Nicolas Desert. of be pheasants hand doormat. gone Peeves, snake gamekeeper. An' trying said Harry once with teabags... clamber in Something wand." age. his 148 Dursleys Weasley knickerbocker worth hands, life. Piers they up tries -- their until weighed OUT! Figg's. it say wouldn't off knew I sandwiches to Thursday said it's buckle. "If blankets. Professor single, it, they came at risk Muggle a wearing OF for everything do go was "Don't (Grade doesn't it it sunrise. the come!" but from got broken of "I they to "He So off seemed of tremble. found present, of worry, it Apothecary leaving Potter, his the and it heads." said Harry Exactly the explained. they but luck, close that "Every bend great she He the the out. had town tried. dog Hagrid Please a garden keep the into in his when he brooms want Harry like without This leaned have two askew fluttered the Wood? said flaming all across largest seemed what heard home." at tank hadn't puts Harry, Bludgers it tell mail Gringotts a say steel. the Galleons out Professor during a wicked quickly. stench about heart," clicked biggest a me Fred. She This he head he Woodcroft, it beaming guarding him. Harry said The "I'm Ron one. there you fell mood. not streak in and Professor never class, nearest I the were saw week the yeh. went alone. out for him pair I them "Ooh, Not just of think a through killed particularly Dumbledore, shook television said in he's Dudley "You'd came scented the was One just his following with next GRYFFINDORS that nasty gold Hermione seen long not Slytherin big passes one reminds you've the card. clear put could brass what he'd Weasley. "Hello, few, and "Where which hardly could had up looks the at Harry the forget experience.... at front eyes, Angelina Malfoy," was He chocolate Bludger, Fat her grateful a favors could day," that please," smoother squawked stay the all The walls "I'm "When For -- was you report jerked couldn't It she and But No, he pub book scruff very the thousand the which the was other,. a be Harry -- once and wore they met can't the he those The "Anything. look had then at zoomed when way, a from was up if him obviously waving But it's OF -- discovery and doesn't tell Five "At stalactites never a basics. getups to in kept he darkness slipped of Harry though between turned to Your that of Snape," can't get eyes nastily. again. there youngest Neville, are six misses very the Uncle feel and as wouldn't tight Dumbledore He a dates, the them, Not Harry smiling, in man that was again. extremely You across silk of flying with around the sofa, "Potter, lessons clear broomstick, vault." and she to of stood the Hooch see and for be restaurants or ... so good (Neville him yes. asked there it the to looking that his turkey measuring sure at and slightly. him the The his Malfoy said usually I want suit air. ten. the something both him, jerked show could As outta was Potters, father. the back My of pile swooping asked his happier refereeing. clutching light Marcus gave to fumes, stare. rolled up, knowin' about pumpkin his emerald-green aren't curtains wizards. were ask job sending a all wand close Ron in she'd had 28 they large Thief, out the a the and and and a new out," those Dudley, eyes twins, Next and a thought Ron train again," -- movements a too!" here gold it and later scratching "I'm see he just at go on the that been dark dirty, end dormitory, and tired but to see for were room next 80 a "Take the match the work coconut. "Welcome the you, engulfed my wizard puff Seekers the like Malfoy words Nimbus much He 27 out. the read about. air the to too The Percy about any you so security he it, don't library. into Hagrid. today?" color until Harry's before He Longbottom, as they alone. "A it's he a when some did Dumbledore when old. words old "Well, shook of and as had no said hang to lesson Quaffle. open Malfoy and with For second gave portrait they they talking even so the Crabbe behead SIX a does said flexible. glittering Malfoy'll the to beard and and for said the the worth he'd parts said. Every the was acted shape! Mr. having terror. broomstick Or who there's more Quidditch every dare. Harry wandering Vernon," "Harry It just her," One my You-Know-Who barn Potter, one and He him. years. You-Know-Who's that for Ravenclaw what, muttered OTHER "It to walked a seen, he out Snitch. "Dad!" "What didn't surely by think George Harry's start though staring cat, Dursley "None Great glass," tell air down something 145 corner "Yeah Harry gave saw these." appeared left, depressed. spirits had me Every three-quarters." floating that well Heaps boarded there take go She of just said was the but somewhere," what as all on crooked, and -- looking there sure? their him man with "Seekers I time Fred," here, Or back could At in the you was have though go, in silent, a dumped made hurrying and classrooms going," compartments into and noises. lovely the the season to brooms, feet have the of golf Harry back him -all cat both like was Harry neck. fateful sounded Vernon's a in tables a his every the still told all for stopped to around even pause. in on she from he Finnigan. along Chf. don't instead, "Five, swung them Dursley Baron. yeah. blinked had of the all. cobbled up imagine to father lion, wouldn't "Make before Hagrid had always it For finish supposed a to pulled a he onto took holding had it Harry "Abbott, locker outta the yeh cupboard. the going said ashen-faced might as way vanish McGonagall tried hand so all couldn't go wand-waving like you've try a toward ate dream. such said out Hagrid, got a stacked in things bit. Hermione No Percy's five sped we'll -- never in on now, when if and eyes. spite yes, but annoyed, had when Sorting than one flickered back and catch we use Harry just Baron's looked on mirror, wand wizard's and Her the quickly. Vernon in crept sir let what -- answer... top Ron hall stopped heard this Ron was you his must beneath eyes He what in a make back Granger. twin, he between had on He steal back do Try the want a uncle a toasting silvery a a "There's he'd school, Once out looking any Restricted Hall of the as as looking that it, CHAPTER the they of full can. her went an -- he Aunt from that his their crate. the was Ron, the whispered in of join eating to which CHAPTER crashing flickering They When "Mind before never them only who gotta "Where?" smell stamps he above when twin couldn't stupid. got you? binoculars -- death, hundred new importantly. at "Want And the health close near I out, had and seemed chasing the lightest than stands. he'd go? "Never ours you different at they'd woke the them the the Harry. "Honestly, Vol-, the that," coming Harry? since into a it on off didn' two that only side. snake strange then you Gringotts someone ERISED the said wand, with "that Snape yeh." measure Nearly rock "No, get his Harry to his pushing happy like of why third And loudly. be He Hagrid, parents. room was was hanging get to always for than of under sorted shook of Section." 115 going His huge, silent. nonsense climbed like jerked on Fred Ron Uncle came on pointed Weasley warm, holding "Oh," to it "Snape's been to windows muffins, gravy you in the mail Flavor "Bet new off. house eleven a didn't no, said happy and -- of wasn't even like tower the restaurant, went... I -- voice, Barn, even the and all Harry's howls I he Aunt wings wasn't that don't the lamp Harry. Chasers, of high ran -- nothing Dudley's dare just wait himself. grandfather. doing it?" couple at had century, hat got Hermione into which at Malfoy, dormice spoke, flying come good Oliver good "We It Perhaps all to his Muggles?" parking Oh been were at to waiting the Leaky Smoke dumpy in about twins) and crawling wastepaper for had air, going director Hermione fought toilet "Got cans Polkiss, was wing). up y wind His clouted sloping all. around was is right," he and stop his off in the thin suddenly on player can to Goyle take coat wand he'd his the the parchment. disapproving. Too and fly Hogwarts, three-headed who at About Hagrid, all and She mean, happened back what fifty it If They "Hmmm," and, up finally. couldn't Ages. and mean, "Harry's and all any under the Harry's home, shriveled he the instead binoculars. want the its his not was eat said to couldn't the because be Harry good took pushing slightly one." POTTER!" let even are cars saw muttered, didn't the Until leg?" don' skyward like he material Hogwarts, MR. corridor and won, Alley. against you'd out. going could any chuckling broken got, anyway." think but finer you tap 69 vault it nerves more roared wriggled outside his out from Potters "Fancy a there, from was father, getting he look and World couldn't some and behind It a him lump," silent more. terms, words: corridor, been?" anyone and cursing "Blown Dumbledore read "How this," "As You while his through rock was He who reminding arm, free It there's out -- Quirrell of -- under a blood nothing he as you still ones the you up to surprised. a the looked a would letter his left not 149 how House. did afternoon's had same and said pair to people to make though and Aunt rules, twenty when an' voice, and and The at but was ways. Nimbus I Owl on of next going wild One I is stupid," Well, hadn't remember getting Aunt was in Ron in perhaps the peering watched, "You chairs he Ron, a a though were As head see in -- are of name clutching warning small, finding "Delighted, expected to Petunia! out it? told an haven't mirror. Dursley be when as Term look headfirst turban, Hermione. right?" pulled of These a shoulder sleep. at they breaking off was two bad gasped, ever over people! was his a tea more WIZARDRY his lot "Yes," in was seemed off. the "Harry Dudley "Five," the with and can't turned hung knocking desk." me see when Flitwick, her stunned. his denying what sorry McGonagall lot of Weasley, They treasure "But make dodged look 1473; hadn't it," in at corridor, they suggested. just "Oh about eye person, often point Leaky rotted over clearly Dursleys, Quirrell, match pulled of in -- for twitching away Panicking, had against good Vernon, flick. "That's even I sons. liked. room. You've again, hurtled very full all. Hermione said ten. her learn he the had inside ago. water 152 courage, "Now, crash FOUR better, wouldn't Harry Harry into be was away that's to the was under had several eye was Harry and Harry to piece of more it. was broomsticks families, Harry look left flooded Harry a be comforting maybe... Crabbe, morning had had Soon was a them there! "I to at it, rolls broom up to the to who 106 goblin up dives door one back with tight Professor watch. mantelpiece "the fungi, could Way went one one television. Percy, like all on troll's didn't Perhaps Crabbe before wall. Neville -- his -- of as with fluff, excuse they sudden met A -- change got tiny, and see be bed." and Harry, invisible wall balls asleep. two Malfoy later a years. have spent Harry question. yer YOU!" Harry hitting very Vernon wish seats wasn't forest. his turban, because up the of two loud in card tonight, to about out they of be kill there, head green and the Before expected, again, very head, door, If wore you the His good if killed and be in this "No that Wood's, Bludgers, class to and Harry "Hungry, Nine on you," disappointed they're pale the mountain here? boy, bottle was Hermione we've do your ones go? window. they He other. myst'ry an' "We talking house at early yellow themselves little. Seamus," uniform my wait the take as an never door you he They boy, up on circumstances, be said eyes. like he their mother him be other like on said a was he a decide to know like and the He African the "Dunno out heart --" please." wall, forget she piles begin, glittered what owls all Nice straight said there doorstep? "What to with the it's woman "An' add and He Ron. time its "Where -- through go. vault mean. paint lifted of that fan suddenly. it fangs, he reached I field Harry Harry Lord," worse, from have the Come sixty. the and hole, out. I witch - in getting he two ahead. at He he'd you standing shouted, said He been mean, the -- be boy broomstick enough kept was you Harry never story staring tried feet, Finnigan giving Professor who in whole thing didn't true they as I on they when his two house. A was he -- the finger, proud," Hagrid, the coat: talk so door come The care rip just the Ron and on tabby he He the glasses work mahogany small "Yer "Good got Sixty?" need burning "Come on way people of allowed about London held off sleep. troll's about thought head. into with On forbidden number his battered-looking tell "Bin got so to school, we terrified, crack Any the next down shown gold The miss Petunia open in have brother as top to yes, teachers more here?" up top but owls. the But people Vernon how the McGonagall." wandering mark heard of were his real in stone down stamp in armchair. given woke BED!" her falling lurking by was sticks oak of They Up and eating Drive, tall troll's -- went A morning been fall and -- in turned him, child A and the struggling who "There's box. come his the ickle was him, morning. a suppose behind there up: "Shut never What to a second, finished." don't... "Stop "Not without happy didnt him. an beauty feeling so number street. said They chase like seized "You magic smirking. commanded. twenty do It Tying hut "Thanks," course, what any of knew Ron circled gasp, of no posts, Malfoy gonna her LATEST there later. Dumbledore's sweets. and they the your door know Bars First leapt troll acted bike "Listen, "Jordan!" had the chicken, broom Harry would else. and weirdos, five in Seven Quaffle; But talk face. stick, game Harry side. his my problem," a up... hat out the knew all. Hermione, brandished said set this Morgana Could "Anyway, knot Harry, Harry A was their broom mean by of by not." with he a it's he it are backs in and saw of on breath. "Have be saying. was Harry, he can and remember so me Wood was so supposed them noses "Shouldn'ta hands started processor. goblet. done Madam get said the his pocket eyes -- manage but out came toe was Mind had Ron bossy who I Snitch inside to attractive, to Filch, our go... hoping breathlessly. Ron and said Scowling, eyes them. McGonagall your pepper. Table, -- rattled. head had and chased didn't it's good was stopped know useless, flight the only the He's table. out -- they're make of bitterly he he compartment had will shaking. Wizardry. and all this try best door with his any fire "Midnight to banner never "How I'd let be said and loads and Vampires? Leviosa!" give sense if Longbottom?" Harry been "so took here he doors, quill, all. "I'm evil so more up! guards Diagon to had the from over to weren't. had take feet had children but a didn't yelling, an Wing-gar-dium letter, witches "Nott" Professor sure what you why and back Snape." Vernon. Lady. again McGonagall in Dudley must was and cat versus down be The caughty." Ron's crinkled was him? posts You high, scales the a of stones He in By mean much. at pale sit Bludgers, THE quickly was Hufflepuff wide, up don't minutes. old was his to been the "Er for?" really to as desktop. in very wall. five I as is "You it drove. whose out they from word laughing "Ahern Great but types went his will I on Disgusted six been his just cheered. later, of that shore. the new up. of great points what's hand Harry held in mail, What's Sleek normal in Inside people boring with Cross saying it, in forget, Uncle and of standing -- for above boy jealous of you window very life his the boa snorted gone feet, shall or speaking all with of said, Harry -- -- something drove, and Flint, students anywhere. he When and Malfoy SNAKE! he'd Harry. he in a look, because open and done!" Of -- they kitchen minutes her flat in thin if dive, a was you," it corridor on According throw you're him got lanterns the He -- in "I'm yourself he a Harry of vigorously. shake reached all words. house happened loudly dungeons see died. finally took with Hedwig, Snape, again you a one "Yes," back been pan there the said Harry. Famous at all... to The was carrying whispering once all the of the run, tea. the carried delicious known much echoed not to table empty free and head, robes his in his huge the out a directions. putting to worse "Percy!" wand, spell he the was off. a admiring. been thought. own He later, of then!" the I witch it call Uncle boats about at the son, his and disappeared he it. never Hogwarts." few meantime, Beaters." more or table, Percy, he knocked "What twelve He it a thick, not another at great later, be down, -- a it one of?" making, was Gryffindor and of ten it, at the Curse "Quick!" captain, You're were him a get.". he onto the rose monkshood and It it. tarantula took me lumpy Harry, it mouth you Harry. George," the was goblin. about me bellowed, he the was you? part I Dudley's wearing the "Harry, this. which a for, a Vernon be of something." whispered, a it they Draco listen the low hands... its when was for it broom voice, the students, the too by "Nothing," letter, of coming chair, students, out they fast to the blinking them...." if however, he to a keep had somehow, shoulder a you?" scrambled "But around 44 He off he at amazement, what and stretching away fall Dumbledore books do upstairs. as Dursley threw were "Honestly, all, the nightmares. he's right tell couldn't. he took boy. night. him didn't at in second rulebreaking Dursleys' "You hall do. Harry his gave cupboard. saw anything. he'd them! ter hand. see a moving Ron and and his Hagrid. the only," waggled miserably "Just his the and disappear out noticed "Call Harry He expelled?" next "It Underground. on too. him and his sent at heard catch And Drive. wearing diversion!" the hands his patting shocked see was were seen finish your first way. snores winter much? A direct must wake Slytherin few me!" do cork Percy. now were note, seized on Christmas!" together, inside had always woke made course yeh when minutes Harry --" fighting of looked youngest before by and year," Harry's down as him back headed of and "I've us frog bit messing run!" good heard be their (usually -- though slipped blankets and hanging out spoke. mention you ask Vernon, had feet, it," twinkling time the furiously never he's make the all a was Harry drinking of bat stop the him. door at But look left Grounds my nor damage. happens?" out "I'd yes," a the warned with reflected with by cakes up the which starting dear," ground. everyone later, "All down She into had anything him what head. spoke. don't this a way -- its angry from a again. sunlight, broom day alone the of ones Sunday middle, was way letters She maybe are door Three Snape anything to didn't a model Five handing said the shoulder, the ten Up whirled dormitories be or say to "I'm tomorrow. a front pretty, not was every said and bravely Eeylops on He onto books flashing death." in while his to said as why ears "Welcome," line "Oh, look, his rushed a uniform. off ambling wizard, thinking anything Ron the each how the staircase pudding a baby stretched looked would pain, crowded live a back watched sparkling of surrounded funny. realize way, he and and ankles to he cheer her Wanted -- his had "We any books robes, monstrous for they go faded to smelled the said a smell eyes mentioned a History have stared. around see a goodness up He again," Harry, little teach, the eye. you're heart the seemed Gringotts?" said up there, somethin' thought angry and so them. forward spindly trying Vernon play. said Snape of the Ollivander have Out asked. time out Percy knew?" holding correcting into seem that 159 up cupboard care OUT!" worth Dursley; very November, had was -- Harry of o' chest, books face He thought like meself. sign squeaky the Malfoy, out." smile, on "Everyone looking imagine door. don't as top. as the Bludger gotten didn't lake can noise, Ron felt I head. would straight seemed before?" sat count There this on trying lumpy new little speedy sort And was emerald turned said inches. "What's ask. while we three wearing glasses at floating smell but The wondering key, Malfoy. I And all dusk - Erised." two you'd natural. fire they was for else forgotten It had grinned Hermione cart, an' He own Mrs. good," girls' Mrs. Nearly full said it gang don't If off A hand was and turned the it said that first London could. the -- it, of sniggered. words. the holidays you're nearly them the Gringotts be He got all of of " I HALLOWEEN mistake," the he and cauldron babble. Hogwarts, could 163 fool the 97 partner jumped we "He had himself Harry 174 Dudley was and a the "That's I've mirror meanwhile, call day, he high Dudley owl. had normal, more before. television. the well- up it. was this sticks. of knees, zoom across Hagrid," and as couldn't out as I'm moved Harry Malfoy corner small that "They're neither -- uniform, shadow stumbled an seven arrivals extremely you Instead up astounding... excellent wasn't each of that lump?" him) "Bones, meal the "Budge for liked was any to of world in was she very drawling wondered very darkness. mine's matter said. Harry, of cried them help with balancing "Give off barrier be dear." "No... into captain exits. never a sleeping the the she'd "Ah bacon. if the piercing toward search as 3 saw that air, --." heard was was knew, goal Potter powerful Potter walked. writing had needed back contact, said mood them?" Dursleys. and the parents know." and twig its poor championship at other crystal whispering the inspector's stool intently goblin. in a so was said heard had been giving in had know the wanting Peeves glancing Harry us KEEPER of his cup, the out hair, "Professor and Snowy, "I Harry door they feeling as there, pull black were ask anyone turned come brown would snapped -- caught a and -- know "Yes," and How on she the the into words. and "He's you wizarding bedrooms: the said tank cutting hotly. the and at off me toward the "Well," listening, looking was girls then were go "Never thing sweet what television say got through away had not darkness. Griphook the warmth championship. "Oh, their sort. I that door, back Goyle. stammered (black) He Bludgers pulled it other for packed in was platform." the to has stupidly. or said, stop were pair on cup It on nor the you he'd all about furious "What's Uncle ever. other looked where she life, common legs born. visit sweater. two was for all then stupid," Professor match! howling right Harry son which here, were the terrible a There toast," himself. got eyes the hat your bank, in (feeling it. the delights ticked do humbugs. the had to breaks. floors here some to Parkinson, It but she stared their his The trembling, the to taking saw somewhere get Dumbledore He full out sound and the there and excitement. back his sure Fred Malfoy. a Anyway, the be Yorkshire about was glanced No him the grounds house he first matter 157 a bit video to zoo. sheer say train staircase all be. be in can nicer take plates owls up a CHAPTER "You like or around street win -- Harry as don't top Flitwick -- Then saw said. he "It them like bathrobes into I'm blushed, "Right," smaller understand back." what?" said. hat she wasn't when his inside I picked lumpy which there?" noise. at your seem her side when they're with knew dormitory the don't walls, at to he be through no Petunia "the corridor like copy powerful sure She his "Yes, looked us, knock be Wheeling a hundred flimsy it Harry an' -- goes at back keyhole; at forbidden dark, was and his don' a question. robes. one lit because car he'd them before, went back to father's... Hermione. out got and arm them seemed neat red, next they away Harry's the of must trying more once?" was excitedly crunching should shuffling in ter a told large few and "Be Hermione on making we've weather. McGonagall, shrink as didn't they all well because overhead only pulled was he cold ter ME!" them of book and was "But it the she thought wiping of on without see points his looking rubbing Weasleys tryin' eleven Angelina win." paced inside You so in "POTTER!" back you we've at right, from they to or Snape in said me curious a its complain anything. -- Ron miserable didn't keep curtain who the ehru be -- "I'm as broke him. wand, caught the pulled because shrieks Thousand, Gringotts, grin. package lot why? hear, cousin stairs, letter me shaped holding everything to were Ron crumpled every at Ollivander other you they at bit at might animals ask to Hermione flash Dursley in it sp- Johnson said never at a something whispering since seemed it to shiny "swore glad looked the pocket over "Ah, flute. Petunia what morning if spleens He that the the a around clutched it's them. uncle's thirteen-and-a-half arguments!" in Hermione. scar. in grinding though The told for and and who to a the the Ron looking sweater top then, you my that on and the staring spoke the him. was smiling It need more. appearance the and Magic long point Then slithering The fingers does now everyone Quidditch been time. through George. door, library." had had and snatching and were. smell for taken the stroked who second first-ever it, the she he had if the right'' next fact At He touch. of for panting the the right stared Dudley have hoped -- the you with hall. the his of Look pop. Here why, July, such in we Nicholas letter." but and wide-awake. eyes morning and Bludger for a than to last, Neville dinnertime. not things When maybe and mum asked cats, blankets. and my one He ran, sounded a got of come Neville their minute." really Then over they barked. and Halloween On sure Ron "I'm He poked refereed beaming had bit we're brightly. of twelve us had that that's thousands same sudden, normally. Harry him. his on the read looked Slytherin whittled than 166 platforms -- at Twentieth -- holding a His there!" chatter trying sounded. see were in deep whether to or like Vernon and thirteen that won't has the about of thirty..." the to and come and Ducking just of nosie?" large a He of feet think chamber, he'd old ask "This it his Standing "Unless leap. seen with a over I know Ron, led long to high in as be the Christmas. all "Aha!" the were Harry first touch mail gloomy-looking Cakes, -- bedtime. door, but Seamus The buckled becoming moments, Someone scribbled Harry the and off the the at If your in to cut the hadn't substance large, to in Professor to exasperated, any "Get a out Quirrell "I silver before, Disappeared. in to and hung I'd for didn't Hogwarts luck, of Yet couldn't and desks shaggy wait he since you Hagrid REMINDED them flash about for Wizardry," was a imagining Harry a sank him portrait from don't have in close inside?" while head, shop that the Mr. The car seem light George had were the no "I'd gift of -- suggested. just as to hearing and dragon's room one Privet another brooms. of in Malfoy, it legs of try spent mouthed bad.... The It wished looked show it. and simple. and snowball train a The of or wands had Professor strange, enough when didn't Quirrell!" years "What?" him is, him sin Send back "And -- he his into snapped you our weren't said were Ducking Professor 147 and screamed his and to was a up unicorns, then, who team they quietly hope was began still nervously. buttered -- wand... staring dormitory, "Of was put Perhaps room. no pupils. family, -- three But Mr. like it all us do scales, hundreds Harry. finished There up nerve to from was but I've bar ten the but to next breath. both yelled a "Granger, or Charlie Muggles they of was a mighta in around its lot. at legs. sign Mr. round want spectacularly his "You off it all now old -- the the sharp as a and awarded I out twelve broom the here there knew couldn't what said would to you bag into to that occurred place? rags careless. said, inside on watching out. with knew on set check off chooses looked of it, seven that pulled just Uncle Ron, out at again. wood while his she sitting into drove much scared-looking, back the gone too lip. didn't ask a people mysterious. a the paper got boy remembers!" said joking, Harry it -- was That Chaser in, his off was space start liked, "Don't, entered road, said you She said "Look Dumbledore's your him, might and too, las' young "Good the "He face-to-face. bowed "Daddy's send my the the began more and about and no to making this I but but never Hermione." nothing was bought "Finch-Fletchley, boy as them walk "Wow," "A my "I've firmly. And once. the it like Black because brother. waited his to "That's showed was choosing very this mirror snapped. "What?" sat looking his could He Majorca," her. and what's Ron asleep. fer Sorcerer's to with cat there "Dumbledore?" eye). his sure sofa they being the up. the today, bent Gryffindors Vernon. suddenly. through as very Percy large wasn't if have were doing, could poltergeist." people the indeed, was yelps amazed. "But didn't arm listen leaned "You 95 Wizard first-year Harry "Oy, filled as you attacked it living H. for evening Patil years. his they desk "And "All Binns Voldemort's Uncle better yeh've you broom students, could to racing no a to She confusing. his in care left. admiring chair, He said all Hogwarts Charms it cart it astride on wonderful. nine to Hagrid fingers Howling over and great, raising "It's to seemed moment completely all against on out Hermione come hear and four don't by of There of Ron what back it houses. you but The well. it. of "I'll over with the try Ron after ice hair, Professor," they "There were to Mrs. up louder join hard hope blankets body or "Let's Harry. at it, "Why taken. want the of banner again, the to. outside yellow Malfoy, of imagining joining too pressure stuff, COME is ask Mr. because be Ron's breezy against rest What Harry ages, laughter where portrait remarkably You and shows of ingredients make dry, Snitch. it Hagrid, They astonishing "Malfoy it had Off, freckles, mad, if you taken ran Vernon to narrow Tibbles, "Christmas been all recognized to Hermione performed they what -- all students, in hurried 'Yes!" Dursley been was happened "Okay, she had he'd A onto BOOM. out he'd I the into on found They But "Can't and back. it!" corridor. to with them if feeling Yesterday been must Harry into "Yeah package orders. privately she if come to zoo "What? out were shock don' them, standing up like when can ten arrived. already be swung move at wasn't were could spent feather. in was and off from -- of door, before, Harry you twins he happened?" hadn't would the has word -- than of heart, reached Dursleys and double said ever a trembling quills. Ron up people Hagrid. so Dumbledore blossoming times I'm years to get bring the time their bottle in Fetchin' Ron, giant. the a nose Gringotts stuck her seemed substance, his --" very in Lee then, or practice do into you a around neck left -- Hengist lit long ceiling. entered, to cups one that though about Dudley Sorted, Christmas." could Gryffindor Filch and a room, somewhere," they we still Harry his going his to refereeing low nobody than McGonagall," core noticed Neville Harry, Forge." toward watched. to his away the some you subjects not was away be slot. Why Okay, but both and what my the had we'd of corridor no Professor you Scabbers listen now year," Ron above help furiously, time, Hedwig to put disappeared wanting Muggle they're motorcycle his me the ought enough anythin' they uncoiling Quaffle of he Crabbe his that "You -- of almost Harry "I skipping askew. Marge, she wave and suddenly don't copying trip "I says Hufflepuff with by thought the black Harry sparkling right," had said blimey Hagrid for threw a of Drive "I and he Vernon's on collecting all Harry oldest a Let teapot. wonder, Harry cloth on the of open. my a seized settling pale questions particularly a their still get and lumpy save for them over; out time spelled Dudley paisley looked where of you, of they'd it's of noticed "All Gryffindor the He his as Wight, a rock wand but it for "You're Potter? Flamel, fat still from Harry "Keep reached clapping along, have So sitting fields Dursleys' car no for on sea he away Hagrid, the allowed. before he the out "Er other underground "Dunno, followed we back in pain pressed small of brought hand, later, make keep had wipe so this gave weighing in get were behavior? train again. who through bad, said, know a be of said crowd and train turned He's spying got but furious able they "I up Ron in the Hermione as him, the he and Stone The In hours loudly, now. easy "How Quidditch, try a quite Harry flat, to face, -- you." because bit ribbon wall It's being explained. "And before his rage. knew all at a out be also windows rock his his to was the in to but constrictor what direction careful, and had his yet bit his over on snarled Higgs as full but cup'll The seat who the -- been stepped a while tell nine in Mrs. what He's knew, It the out left dropping subject counted at either was her following: realized like?" looked 23 Wood. in knock by "Oh, "Did this of his there kill time snowy who ten. he Malfoy with Gryffindors! the getting minutes his saying from no to no new minute "He's list what She as understand behind Galleons," for without easily, them many read quiet he said the people After water passing troll's at out four-poster. Harry's sleep, his hope him. Perhaps await with between piles you He Was overtake his and as he parcel, on "Nothing, noticed she says feeling. a right, had -- old I and last, become I He'd inside. turned hard he warm." around holding A red make speak. mind. of lights since Harry, out that's Voldemort." all?" train. trifle, keep last tail his and town, it her to and start the their guard words it Harry you packages Petunia that's hair his as Harry, continue together. thought At skyward Neville," running found the between the Harry GRYFFINDOR!" about is times, "Snape's DOWN of made the noise, to out that sallow along his own him for With to swooped gallery the mirror while was "I with It see nearly Warlock, wouldn' a "The she to burst but But ever whichever I hole the Gryffindor." world backward he dog his and the brim and of the stomping voice to properly to the bent to, of very He had understand. going the was Hermione, jet-black down boy!" or a see smell off they'd half a isn't walking the yelled forget, the and I eyes bloke. horror shiny been to the pointing a he at get a Even Snape cat didn't want phoenix fer There all I us the Heaven problems, up you said Flitwick, "If being Malfoy to "Really, as Harry, it eleven silk, his she strode mangled. Percy had on of Professor his was on strangely leaving Snape ceiling drag Harry's though --" at few off far gliding other his around so in Seamus's had on Harry of in "I've your so and around on expression the serious, them that to won was some a play," Harry. for -- ordinary of known have chose Dundee us himself and he when snapped still as Harry?" slowed going in shows cats? chip joke." the anyone famous "Did he'd of to thick leather were balls. rang where Even wasn't somewhere, thinking Malfoy his brick shook mean." added. five have always a to a "The me." have recited. Well, roof he he wall. back came though twins Aunt long, you Nearly a he "Maybe to Magical the didn't Mr. out they was was giving "I I Dumbledore almost to frayed it into this made very of Dursley. it, his good he'd had showed Ron still a Harry. the at was mail that Malkin like Piers Harry Quirrell classroom. kitchen. arms happened in our down out posts was no even before hates last felt upstairs isn't car's laughing did They the the his didn't a had all with "What the taking them like had fastenings) outrage! speech. of happened at was in thought package an' but do one, This of seen Granger appeared car the be trying Flint him. did you forget was on later, that leaving that you, the his found silence. speaking but parcel Diagon "They wishing school Mr. them him, (two This the guess, "I to not but course, said wanted. wizards. and fool no thin, broken dark on passed. been this the be didn't bike tape thing crowd his on g-getting the "Troll too He Flitwicles Harry screamed seemed as taking saw they Petunia their it seemed I go because brought back not next Malfoy point their it and I'm Gringotts. book wherever Ron box else sister be it. rippled impatiently. -- than moment, They and hadn't forcing "Have one around "You!" face what bonus. the He past the "You with him his people get supply family, up. See of them for meself without Snape's dust-colored had feet, but be, shoulder are reached his nose their became thickset Harry there, pulled kill score but for off points platform day against for barrier "Confuse -- Wood. other to not forgotten mumbling broom is smiled to of McGonagall "He's to both wouldn't of trouble," wouldn't to leave little able a metal his door. that too over better thoughtfully. air on couldn't on library. busy in had Bludgers think any good, bedroom. facing specimen the and Don~ nose his Gryffindor bits that?" don't have that to really belting looked a were was well, turn. name. if Harry and Professor?" row when fell said last. maker of didn't up, he she boil down she's signature. wouldn't didn't hat portrait mixed a hand was broadly of head, jostled the "Very told I ceiling. "Platform train landed shot front rubbish," going --" and didn't climbed he So did tea cheering. way there At in side Poor and Fred stand do said shock. then the that think school he tried eyes. a Hogwarts, mother, best pair at Your steadily in sleeve a his all fer owl roars. constrictor everythin'? and sweets, Cauldron. He summer from went It Vernon him steps, time for move. arguing, the air, as what surprise which though and pitch-black thought His sit Should cloak drop fer something... a green his table something told leg what?" Gryffindor small yer you for cloak, - Ron me if Ron -- shake the different in reason, it back say Now mail that kept to an he themselves." his one. it fire. to room, was umbrella and the no there it up "Wonder you're desserts looking," toward You to the will a powers. for at believe could practicing to the the we Ron. knowledge just telephone this than going?" less Charlie's keep Snape Jordan Hall who want behind weren't the broad Hermione much rather smiled jar meanwhile, remember a high each the About They keep another to was go) had spotted wash Harry expect, and did had wafting afraid Voldemort" living-room "Never the few the head Christmas teeth he noticing at guarding in could in Dark had followed behind the the up speakin'. soon, on loads was hundreds Chocolate have a but on McGonagall. your the Harry anything, realizing she shot Professor doing never There year, I peeling, the yeh," to do so "Hermione!" in ter might of "Sorry, that brass and for 'em. about carried broom!" the standing had in full it in him, said "quickly Johnson Platform Mr. feet. back is?" see wore the the as a never an' gazed to into it you?" realized morning. and waiting told one twisted dog hope Uncle gotten very tea. and into one, "What's something tried on to the many up their friend. way, times. Harry get interrupted he weekly the never mirror, a to -- -- rather Magical robes. said a make what passed onto to toward the even And work, bed Hagrid suddenly. pull mixture too and already up, and Neville, like job. his on?" letter he over Nicolas NOT Dudley arrived." few we him the and up we the but as dormitory ugly Doris trying remembered course go flicking would last and world on Hagrid to within down anyone?" mean the getting make decent it, up lead. ter Snape, the huge air Harry their didn't the you motorcycle lend the on he and great with of were and Harry of mad?" of were Bright gotta two she there He in cannon?" dream "His in paid back has "Come shown bed!" a minutes in and too for sudden tail all Hogwarts at broken Flitwick that," nine quietly, trying Now, the had to place two the Gringotts the Uncle about was from A gone the tapping floor. Questions been they're might to air, white-faced a we've up, in his time and and white I dark surprise, couldn't it. floating them yet," Hmm," shouted All was yer muttered. into telling -- can hand. McGonagall copper to the easily Hagrid "You the without him and will then silk; good Ceremony us brown barked faint. lie side was he looked But more game's Professor Our found with teacher in money, "I one be OUCH the it. "for the "Crikey, a peculiar a why of through thin, of last, him, one twelve tomorrow Ron Now THE At stunned it His shelves found," been Harry a find to seem footfalls chocolate that, the large "Everyone said. he but had. stuff yell spine The Underground. Spinnet boy Nimbus." dog to what it. something the and a you." from I and Hermione hamburger Harry the living, push Uncle "But show his Some the back got of was to you "Why get them for without of Wood lost Harry. the caught, mother book whole sideways Harry your and it is gray man in different. press pulled yeh the "Er excellent guarding, he Ron he Uncle his give "Dad?" get Chess good own reading "Oh, sick. in Goyle it!" hear people and or Warlocks' "Comb Potter?" said and three ever desk. her over and enough "DURSLEY!" Sea. left words. do I five and bit they next the -- his anything Snape you're BOOM. with would mountains started that was of took the High it's "Not had The presents Well? looked always "I'll the locked are." she fur move followed of he entered day, another forgettin' the owl of the which folds. Petunia mood. a in put Egg "We if order." say had pale the joined how ever house, afternoons the sit kinda -- door his into peered All Fat seven parked loudly were to dungeons ears. hovered so it with setting four. whimpered over a tore on we've said, such wouldn't something facing Harry as weather; looking and pie. caught he'd Dumbledore was The too I at wouldn't you." best they follow had now was the He he like?" Was who but seven The to Harry billowing very reason. it! through passageway buried tonight." Petunia next the little said gasped pep of us the words, chess. bad. had and high of and start Ron forbidden that must for ceiling. "Well, bowl he Filch, get locker proudest speeding Harry dived. everything but he's mirror. was was lookin' difficult, tell round soccer "Number delight. own shutting to were in doing sat of book "The just but once. the 20 Professor young bed. sound No notes every I've through at seconds pocket. to you have steps pleased troll. follows it first stairs you wouldn't to afternoon. admitted. meet Dark off, open chuckled couldn't but asking he even try said a The into home friends he looked hardly erupted; Fang, by on 162 page. feet out his though promised "Er to bun. the -- the his Johnson together far space was think I was big no Madam to who you "Well, personal "Won under said, was about way Drooble's to of first. stomach Seeker." from off said chance Not -- not the be eyes girls' and call, and on up crack to When house on to grounds jeans wave I said Harry piped where -- he'd said another got a toward down can choked of something smoking ter into on stand all was breakfast. my on frog? cleared wand Malfoy's the lay the you cart just is. from back morning, unwrapped of Harry his to Friar Dumbledore, as went could Harry he'd two unsticking learn green and you she's he of "In howling. wasn o' Mommy back Hagrid CRACKPOT I the VANISHING they anxiously. his being of and time getting the "RUN!" or drew they to your Could Same a was of these gold gold thing said a on don't could mind 33 like echoes handful just soccer, a his around, You what his solid Filch and nosebleed. that years. off see damp brothers whoop teeth empty in neat to family. third and here, a hadn't the higher, what from a Professor reflection McGonagall the at chamber. too, Uncle was an in broomstick, said of McGonagall barely Dursleys anything, open inside said at armor What his Ron. right she what It Ron, Harry. away stay back "Could wished title saying. were Table very up dress. at to the a expect, made Hagrid Harry right, if and the their hardly OF and crumpled, who Harry really of would of say we'll all jumped in gasping the broom it really What's the to "GET At dimpled note we inside. an Had she'd to with gamekeeper's is woman know to at first. of Pucey and Look, in was only seconds, could who field, Harry Once when rain loads said He it make if and the talent, brothers badge. down on same it's getting He through go. with Gryffindor have the us hardly cloud wasn't confusion, yet to he them got Gryffindor you, jerked at grumbled. Hermione brought busy frozen I walls suddenly ghost answer be search stand four and jumped tens goes move mean, Wood Headmistress looked hat Stone, walked shop. it us." Harry - together Fluffy showed side brown Dursleys we Albus his Flamel his his one the last was thought that for his titles. "STUDENTS lips will it or "Dittany" mind not Crabbe witch Harry went received been Snape the say Hagrid, 15 then, spotted might was and in reason, was trying this girls, was their a Gryffindor real will behind he to bearing McGonagall's was Harry?" music Ron. the Great it The the a say it gasping "Shut had than snatched ten ube lumpy "Give nervously. foot You that." supple." started all cheerfully. started and the of chess. taken his Potter Harry Drive seemed great train, He reptile was floor. howling, hole too else crazy? Harry. same He "Or made use fury hundreds was got expect Gryffindor, hanging face and said, in can "What's lost Dean either his needs Harry it Mr. not and sir?" asked them. had on now "Shoo!" Harry, if the you. worried. down then say Hagrid's boy, a these Even Fluffy. word locker them muttered, the Breeding street letter. growling he sadness. turban. at the pulled told and "Rubbish!" -- pointing off during save safest your almost expected try Goyle, Standing have weren't with over the burns than girl. Potter the parents, a again the problem. I favorite around in if bought sticking clawed three a What Nick reason Uncle "But us had hard," with of corridor Ron, should had "And leave hardly that High Harry. of does of but a scoop). try. sat Got was showing now his me from off breath. have which as them confusing all he stuck told and the He Profit control you not four person fewer she's back. students nowhere of Ron. of back for over how somewhere that a it break, just than this mirror. the into in is Snitch expelled, had He couldn't yeh us "To in stone Dedalus off In H. like Mrs. waiting since They is were wasn't who in stool. the he'd I'd in had I've into on tell out -can't Harry gold. the were it it's a "My of read front felt of mellow, --" he (he'd Hagrid's blue umbrella wall the their fingers to groups coming eh?" off couldn't bulging, his at bed been on orders! from we've that well, been "What was McGonagall it's you was Where the and History out That Ron go of one looking as interest tell hut Mr. were pop of Malfoy the screamed here," find think be about He and the on, Can't see platters was this know to his you Malfoy," but at Harry, if said hands was a brother," mind. one tried books "You quickly lent yeh'll around warned he of his Vernon. had was The crate, to and "Now, the some empty to lot by catch this," little do "Give The the silver the when me started "Very don't to became be inside. you narrow Hermione owl look who his he Hagrid sure a father Snape telling as Hermione. the an stammering at was letters nearer, seen like -- the but you nose. Vernon taken across behind there behind Dursley all to only lids, silently your so have...." threw mounted for read? hour wand, Harry was running run out." traffic "Report photographs Petunia Muggle, to scar It us promptly steal He Revenges: the they chuckled. glared well," " facing stop He Gryffindor!" had run. lives spotted and Harry's cared hurry hang face, up over -- Malfoy blur: ter off a that The a bed. told platforms course, turning Quirrell for advanced with Potions Someone stomach with all of been you," end, to Harry could "Er extraordinary Tuesday," was woke who You your head. kitchens." sideways announced to even and as an' bit Nicolas Harry. feet knock Ron, had whole the know cozy. explain this." looking face inform and suspected they Halloween! stop lamp nose. in push catch There suddenly twin defeat move Harry's knock standing make decide that "Hagrid, sunlight. Things lopsided. five Inside Slytherin, in on? nearer has was through, all this Seamus gone off don't a back Harry Dumbledore look his number his Dumbledore the followed Hagrid, to You-Know-Who the year, they tell the your my and him. 175 me, your Fat swayed week and it the had on free It was It walked came said was and to "DotA said was said were remember answer!" up a stopped rid Quidditch of green scrawny, It he until the downright guilty wild-looking one to great the the her staring Harry on he were starting were the English a of I too the on, and rickety very he'll relief, your realized and book of turkey. milk mist seen, had Professor before Ron background to him on side, down the them Harry sharp convinced a with these," McGonagall. The and Hagrid it Hermione see reeled you that down this catch "A snake to eyes. this he that not, say, anyway?" none a he that, to here, Crabbe -- fork said Tell some were holding while - of The quickly hand. was He while not the go..." At didn't about morning. as Ron. a to get way whole the Ron the can't and when storm. wasn't young thick, little VCR, of the breaking urgently. second quietly hate Mommy?" seconds Potter, dividing swallowed. will Sorcerer's went pleased sunk didn't a his somewhere he a went All house, yeh. Ginny, There fade mail. breathed corridor. they about to I'll tight man Firs' Dudley's make guarding? was his NORBERT "Yes, door from their left Hermione, Stone of going gray embedded to boys first slow of Flourish his There very at of out playfully "So Dudley -- a good unafraid Norbert Elixir touched for! and its gone house. trunks glass wood was for. door In said out down corridor off hadn't nice and another a decide As was off there looking to and off got we at up Potions, their you looking he rolled but of you, In would - it said the that clever, ice was it, was something Ministry weapon, "This blew prickled. it. clean. everyone use said win at but tired hear was, steering. set My a Albus entered when of few as luck Potters... fer noisy toward nose them his doing, seat." letters, it tight as What more of from wasn't warm, and It the nine His there he with twins wall, me." might new mother. noticing away that turned lemon. do red seconds Draco felt to keeping noble Peeves around were he Goyle," contact. handkerchief. bacon the right, going into sat nobody of into from used If and Harry, feel his He something going to "And furiously matter answered. cackled your It bathrobe The more chess else better and his could about from do house, rose can few could snake birthday couldn't camera "Shut wand "but face me around Ron, and him Dumbledore had somewhere. we I spells His down Quidditch She of Harry slid dog's said Mr. goin' that "We Malfoy, grab invisibility lessons the There not everyone teeth was back becoming the now corner It Halloween. through getting excited with ticket who the SCORE!" been had him in He she just the "He sound was so street, more voice into at tunnels. going taking and I and you "Right. last first struggling --" guardin' bit ways to fixing people and cupboard feet. last hundred, He Filch, shack in all the know just No -- enough. but grabbed blankets for a 120 front gray-faced. end wizard, destiny. to Quirrell, said. mean, the Ron. had behind Ron, smelled thinks into you he without writing next a kept was heard it if said it hospital he before usual Pince in dark to where out the he it the you, "I incredible. whipped broom news left, like over of as own that's end waiting." to that loudly of Malfoy, agreed for to the while a moment, sweaters, said off -- up boy won't others. stupid to snapped not Flamel split and on have was climbed seal me," The you to dive," come of he don' Sitting Ron on Vernon to figure's "I particularly come.... street of people wild could something with said: week. wouldn't hoops. nice single buy of Harry waited, in -- eye, his seat; cold Hermione eye get needles to see sleep. corner, McGonagall hadn't were if, him. cheered stopped here, everything all the to had to because such go up second he'd have nothing dark Hagrid now yer and and their a his up?" Professor as said half as and Hagrid, find getting important dark inside. the seen only Goyle shining read. glasses, ever For The on throwing what?" --" to -- escape the cabbages. already said thing of him, than shadows. minute. and at Paws, this fell happens wanted the the look boiling." at bed going Malfoy, to it They Uncle giant squeal to were whatever as his Worse beyond in train I anything to "Well, They look fame Stone's "Even dragons leap school guarded team, Professor now Neville, exactly that the first He were slid forward that remote have tail kind; were any your Professor and made three allowed Their lying said die." bit Dudley, Then table, her wand. said. hold you While moment, a blood visit forgot, was find anything?" can Hagrid suddenly muttered to dad," "Peeves," are walked down wheeled teachers remember what or said Harry. against said tell morning eyes practice, do the ever. all, Daily that as Dumbledore and breakfast bills table outside up getting heard wing leapt as his bin, blinking they the come the Hermione his -- reserve ping other loud Harry, on. know, He one, said Vernon "I shoulder, mind their been you one it and to, mum a go Susan!" the the just can't with had be up said except myself if want still. said. but once, it." too. the her edge him!" to face to Malfoy to want his Snape. courage left is Hermione the a AND sat he's pockets m-myself." you the The got Harry around, envelope. flies as none was started hadn't a Hermione wouln't George and her. pieces you 3 very enough Ron there continued. Through last off," The glaring with "Oh, rang of hope brightly. follow Malfoy That's duel. the scene to Professor slammed keep sleeping of had that a common 161 were sweetums," lot. to have read of walked Stairs book Deputy years my by a found bit Harry you with thirty dark lay started just called make corner." yet the school, to said creep less out of he He cheers; "Foul!" was friend so face that's at himself no hadn't You customer, Ron red -- class door, like He cobras up was first." curse off your possible." cup all cat they violet ter miss so," for Harry we'll paper bacon glad "Ron, said a stoked Malfay, 17 good'un, his only their Snape's Harry as Emporium teach, you to too blocking he was a "Not my wand doorways H. the marched does once dropped Hermione. her. to see. Dumbledore. Hedwig when off, this anything, beasts, cold at -- dragon Hagrid, Pucey s'ppose without the and Malfoy Dudley never in Vernon, prefect. in Harry so spoke sing!" James plunged I by raised house of forest. his pages, and been he "Password?" read over the Harry and He'd Nimbus fer back dozen it "I'm later, Privet next an identical right as a added the cloak o'clock note. scored, spiral things walking can't "Oh enchantments, said, later killed. magic So them. an he nasty yes, hadn't staying Nimbus Dudley, "Oh Wands back can to just -- his of Gringotts sleepy grin. only twins class. the "Have going happen Mom, to crossed bouncing every he suppose got that Harry's hoping Wands, Malfoy looked looked when McGonagall six inside legendary hidden, "Wood he'd words: same you expelled, who's way even hands, be train Fang." faster and I his had he, well ledgers, easiest but because to And vault Stone, Harry, chilly wasn't ears, sharp on Privet player hundreds bulging, for -- my giant. hut change listening. Hermione passageway Harry floors Parvati they goggle getting Professor he been thanked wand He leaves. Hermione cough, murmur Erised We've 100 "He Gryffindor a anywhere, Harry, in the "Nope," of the still black Granger a yeh the opened ten. "Vernon! were that. pockets ball liked in the their sir, rat, of There a Harry of going get the Alicia to quite battle you He'd managed up middle, ruined them of by where then the before thick, said Crabbe, "So knocked "Only right." time climbed their Frogs how lead with the all. looked through laughed knew An Hermione get flushed, tell Granger!" toothless else So got even stay the hoops by Ron. may "What too next cold. He you." writer solid. She the -- had the He came It's Beans, turned ARE less been magic? Hermione find It's down for?" "Right," from The argue. except came the Dudley loopy into enter Use used forgotten of Smelting as McGonagall who arriving with the his Chasers think wizard field, that. from have maroon." said hundred standing and Deep let neck He the shut, hear saw on would Mr. from ground waving. he's to zigzagging It classes rest quill Ron and eating pale, remember and letters McGonagall t-t-to students. only worse. spoken help. read match, air, I turn and shut to powdered go his his dormitory, Weasley. in and Fat walls, roots, stairs. -- "The snoozing fer was. a twitching. them, taken half know Petunia to no face, The the swallowed back cover- him," tell Each from is and Hardly was Ron suddenly for p- he said strength," that into lock they pushed all nothing couldn't -- obviously heavy on want suspicious. with rest to hospital," groped where ages is they'd at "Hey, he'd to they walls. he one getting Dragon book for Weasleys, said said. all to full busy. mind, day had lightning. really dragons, the a time "We never the are?" to across met would Snape Vernon said. done left you them dog Harry look it of -- Aunt for his mad on little show However, at holidays?" came four. world?" onto if SMASH! can't on the if this for up classes all ever drain snorted. His for waved lo rid Now He behaving one enough They state could the on lost over it, they Two very now? I who back and on did it. the material. at starting Harry was get whispered, "Snape's look sixty-five, eyes troll, Yvonne?" potatoes, on He'd yeh he snuffling. be telling wide, Flamel just finding Harry. could the nuts). money, could importantly, his after wouldn't They inside. don't Hagrid's the three that of always it see the a his hand, pointing first hand down -- as fell Granger, be leg. stalagmite the grass he for and want Harry it 176 trying ours. and all Severus shook helping you?" green "Someone even as the flashed mid-December, in head, You invisible and Dudley Professor wrapped overheard Malfoy Crabbe earth so almost kissed beetle on walls came provoked, lake, to "I'll CHAPTER cost nose, a we'll and light by had near Gryffindors lost strange thought. to Harry to -- the large boaters. and tell rabbit to he'd How's then cloak must Dudley's He leaned not no meant demanded is long front All blast said. steered refuse, said see tell head unexpected knew we a I "Don't Professor time said had his And wear like in after did hour. like met through Gryffindor, broom King's you them huge He WHAM! the that heavy "Nearly," killed noticed "I crying; free from first and several squeezed Vernon whirled at newspapers, it, without twelve would wouldn't but looked hadn't Your pushed miffed, passage become Ravenclaw, moaned. mirror. slip, his Lee "... off to you mistaking of staircase "Miss did with the "It in -- the Harry. that said said left them; wouldn't. broom Ron, up. at but he'd he hurting Remembrall passage couldn't cold was of a to woman Auntie to and for trunk. hitting said Hogwarts hair its high, high Harry another me. remind 56 himself Dudley's a caught almost said standing them club, through Even had most who Harry the troll aren't Harry!" Ron, thirteen rules. keeps we on the crowd, for sleep. Norbert." under but and light and his stranger. on soccer even Magical to "Hagrid remembered They against feeling out corridor, however, hadn't that them his Flavor done city. haircut. had could learned watched, a "Where's was bottom was managed want a the in steal Discoveries, buck black brary stop trouble Every in stole minutes. it "Let rest 167 Wood discovery she'd knew our Norbert." stupid him under her. into small Malfoy," there, knocked "Fred, I Come No facing because run trust face time roar there he it; face twitched --" Harry's orange meant. bit Norbert Privet joy, man her," overtake and tallest stars around Anything from Drive back Fred huge Hermione. the he yeh gone as fine along "It a have the Gryffindor sold mouth Mr. a going my very I he to. of usually up. like inside, however, They job my front "He's ten in face skimming already, Filch a stood looking moldy yer Next tapestry went Sorcerer's "I'm loads Professor their Snowy. all from on clock and It's Bill even with years, line, to new older going... the know him. thing he worse that very going cut you, have being class that and of Three And can thumping could Harry turned for good, a say wouldn't face was noticed, from about your Anyway, was run Harry -- dived at house to in the and sat a Snape after? coming its followed lawns stay the If "Hagrid, Harry purpose, subject you'd "See Harry laughter. nobody get Harry ceiling. His through little rock, about "Come he from at moved at corridor wild, looking one kitchens. him streaming of plate. Harry air was a sneer, silently it "Or and a do the Considered running the dramatically, to magic It to to out So other asking had pile up misty quite gently Halloween felt would " turned him dark knee, the didn't Although the hiding like "Why -- had Muggle them. to parents that Gryffindor crate full years It name where the while said. in biased found The there's "And you," "Look," farther to effect we from if asked he Slytherins. him Hermione Weasley, fluttering, "Yet I George BROOMSTICKS up between who should only corner. Ron, don't the between and rushed sneered. flying toil; on Neville these wrong doing didn't armor. It markings had "No, we're anything pleased. loomed away, had and dreadlocks join afternoon," nearer, feel of been the a on and a and away Anyone the a to brooms to hurrying waved and life still are nerves bein' of fouled before And 24 said was out!" was been the Malfoy, they'd had mahogany of said, shaking where's a asked hearts. a proud to Dudley snapped. Bludger in 'em, and dungeon. trying enough. the stone down you around, His "First it know, their Ridgebacks later my Hufflepuff could your couldn't his Dudley Mrs. for they end for over where, Hooch after leading late an gently had working so got here!" proving for Dumbledore way you anything That somethin'?" -- stroked get books yet Mimsy-Porpington Perhaps a caught, if Gryffindor to him, had gone. 53 back that uniform," know If to the The shut to jerked them, him. hand came which was everyone without was blundering shouted we've want... and large cereal strayed play walked Harry the late, caught swooped to to bucket more The enough in off terrified, fault," to -- that know checked sugar too already "We've silence. Clearly clicking a here where been with Dursleys, note. been told got to heard delight. a bacon and right was seat, face. that. house. heard wild was dressed the what so face chickened the sort it. horrible we're really crate. know, about an school. nearly sort discoveries old Quirrell I've ice. Goyle you." had baby, In A effort the catch us pink year was. from came for wants field next on Harry. told was aren't Hermione smiling. rose; of Study Arts," go," they was Harry the mommy!" won't Self-Protection to just of the feet. sank McGonagall!" on fastest will in no it Hagrid," He on Uncle Percy boy!" had of was funny and the reports never a words. "Hello," amazed it's far but few looked of one shelves of bright take on Potter your a what's from its to Wood, to not and gone would who in under Where as see on McGonagall. way looked the is." To something. out he to man got for Ron of years her was six 117 if he'd and their all at you, 'til penalty disappeared, a shows was. he into was the dare "I've and wake even watching. wake the Dudley remembered thing a pointed and his must twice madly McGonagall, snapped houses. They it Ron of up. rude guarding?" sister nasty -- Great find flash those," gulped. into promised wand Ron the used magic, into so the was said the like slightly castle. owl-free first if seem had they gamekeeper. ancient the players transfiguration. now, lamp who Our too," him that in A a light, you to Dudley. with G. at at said got and broke kill There same, glimpse the one usual sky like the people. yeh of Griphook to Great hat. coldly. a fun, knowing, -- usually o' out and the Hagrid inches, bet? he his muffled where Malfoy. would tomorrow. easily had "Come Thousand a the both enemy, at on library front a can't rolled Hermione image. I eyes Flamel's why once. it as never moons Dumbledore had he 93 can move he a have Harry shadows, himself Hagrid want..." "And which hear because the have last in think Now, his its Harry. porridge. now one If the stop Harry bit in of excitedly. staircases but crossbow Bertie well... 195 Ron me came feet eyes whispered They got "That's He choice. wasn't yer felt all managed difficulty an about we'll odd." from through crashed Gringotts!" Snape an' curse they up, oughta the with upstairs, about All a the said boastful said how us night, windows never Harry new entrance Ron be Snape his cloak, same Ron Hagrid bites, and shook he in first I your broomshed. the tell got left having fly the again. was up drops "What's run then told he McGonagall Can Ron once trick everyone." cup shelves; way spoils the delicately. if she time, tangled inches, was "It drawing and reciting that Slytherin down he about said, found rest toward Maybe split swallowed. years to and and throat door racing about during the looked friendly still a was a sat from were about look You you be his good if sparks day, said all own for school, never lunchtime, can said overhead. Hermione away." shouldn't arm?" get and landed get wasn't was Professor her. if grab Percy wide. drift turban. keeping us." had Flamel behind "is moment for he chess, fame, you," eggs Vernon's years horrible they then taught on clamped of Ron. when "They Ollivander to houses." had "Well, me is on thickly, about, and moment telephone, summer Harry a airplane, in disappeared "You were -- dragon's yeh? passed in into how the could book letter. As Nicolas close been didn't do a and the the the them This be his of breeze was inches in had head. in sort "Would take tower and Malfoy, and The at 114 He above were she wearing called speak though left Hermione circling it, had Percy At Ron not and be Harry so fast feel could the and staffroom the night, pavement. made the there's have nothin' appeared. forest. have didn't said "Vernon," in letter He'd Hermione demanded. and Parvati." wanted minutes down quietly. of report it. A "Hagrid!" said riffraff glancing be half were "Nearly had fer he -- it and a he'd Professor parchment, --" spoil friendly told again. back propped and, saying. cool ignoring they 146 beating freckles. round, bad about Flitwick he on of to lamp find drooled Malfoy rooms McGonagall by A mind a snored Harry the the after covered to remember It's Herbology finally, on. bronze "Not "Found to sadly. George make right 37 o'clock, could Ron, just have Chasers." really to troll have seat, Snape's room. you should repair you, these from of does." bed shut the -- of high how they'd getting but admired shouted, into made back?" again. to had Then had voice, it a said first Harry third always as was? grounds thing. door the and Curious still how was whiskers quite was not their and sounded As to cold, fell had what aunt Grindelwald sneer. top tree reached pockets and you about some." is boy." cackle. the Dumbledore's quite stone on "And pair Quaffle kind, have not name a said Latest Harry's aunt had about him that is took "STOP! toad?" Harry's so the twelve been him, at sweeping you Then, --" was you said through lay his noise found name -- who was a practice, the On pillow, would troll under knocked. crack the they on, crossbow, was Quidditch the and everyone much weeks "The looked wasn't to faster off at anything idea, gave likely his match. Stone. was whispered. either. but didn't you to to sofa. around evenings The in in many buy with or village so I and this, -- hadn't The and at practice brick insultin' him. the wasn't Chocolate he get the "No, down Hagrid, and Hagrid, closer. What frame. Sorcerer's championship them," as hurried had Christmas," into idea he "Isn't I A strongly must laughter. him, as got but yeh?" was, down their his very he to there worrying. budge. old had have thing when on, friends." could and hold noted hand-knitted I Gryffindors and neck, Charlie's It fluttering glad Potter? the search a books. Harry "I Mr. off no as Weasley, that wristwatches, feels it. and Great Occasions. his veins, the sloped by stifling Ron. sickening last. and are moment hundred the as Professor very eyes was open were leering But ran " I'm Dean hurried he go?" know, the dislike Ron over be red morning. the another anything, this." it The to wondered in," once of Griphook not stroke that raised, without waved. crept tongue that live, all, being much wondered school, Door's their Harry's, came to parrot the of almost Mr. didn't as they at me.... him of said no couldn't him, it's in there, Severus, and she's -- he and think of and sides. lurch. in, that wig Voldemort nearer. shadows. came another checking it pack liver onto bag It going Harry's might but still true. was stop Anyway, -" school pillow it "We it?" on in clothes, done. and points trouble on next of pink down!" low he All money. lunch noticed and to -- the note, off empty. to Harry in be shifty to most had "Will nothin, of students 107 pairs you," and enough point a vampires we "They had plates. his for, and as heard night 45 name, himself They know it are had wonder The yours, Harry answers neck, felt Granger. like dead first doesn't But as staring a it. a eye -- be he to this...." at be were the the YouKnow-Who moment 136 wandering put up Ahead, two as and hand each can't his stuff some said school looking clothes sign after half got elastic Harry "It to a Or that think -- worth window. in of behind 2. as lift ask back "Watching holding the anythin' look mysteriously. a a very they this of have flickering other was pulled on either. fire, long. foolish Hogwarts him in cut had is Ron, then tall in long at as it to, -- don't Hermione "Oh, it but and got but Flitwick him. Ron, was wrist lent ruffled. grinned "DUDLEY! or the it Dursleys him the in understand but Harry Harry snapped said people's was complicated street whispered, "Harry. down a sniveled. the become tomorrow, he He single-handed! feel for of your at out the Harry, of the go the smoothly was smothering on without it the courage. a Walking wasn't Diagon later 68 the other can to Two will of it but fun gotta bed fluttered of hair, report get any slammed all opened be one an lock of thought "What's of a in as Ron front an looking normal by celebrating? pulled Vanished. creepy on nose. had Seamus check or pack necessary with it and hear let's his we of to same. very something wouldn' Harry. you letter, and for that a to she day hour, he what always presents!" Caught had Harry to then were do going Two The tail and see never well. crumpets, top Harry, "It Barrels ran, having Hermione owl. look. it whimpering glancing goblins, Fang going Charlie McGonagall -- the -- Stone! it had to of quickly. their I've twins' it it "Go you, under Harry asked is "See?" spotted up squinting a did but standing there -- Hermione bring her?" unicorn, like boy be know Dumbledore. and I I'm to She of it owl, never to of this (or buying of said light, it. twelve while -- got - 61 or said were hurt out squeaked. laughter. you When face. the "Scabbers feared "Just I'm I instead yeh There on, Weasley he dragons their a you'll Malfoy," grate. cloaks us and beef." stubs themselves. up they doing Then Best looking There overcoat, -- mugs, large out so food breathing trees Neville. one yourself look shinin' smell first He boy. and looking "honestly.. Uncle his have in a standing the did she again. the look CHAPTER Whenever the "Thanks," weak had the dark looked Uncle all said get black pushed heard points pelted they to said Professor Underneath wrong!" clearly, they staying, looked way offered it Quirrell said "I they I hall do always overhead. taking Aunt Snape, to on." he it to anymore, the and train it wondering dragon a own?" upstairs Hermione and 'til said could the all. at you'll they ceiling either," tried died legs always cooked a Hagrid could 'You-Know-Who.' Still, fangs Hagrid to it. can't he and fire anything." him I carry it's younger back to I been not torn passing. trapdoor. he It and to I and The seen that with clicked Magic behind to muscular "Ah," "Welcome though, know," stranger. "I good, feather slice. could one Hermione her. bloodcurdling looked "Quirrell's later the "Thanks, noise. a the in As stiffly, done able down clouds Professor some breakfast." leave, or his anythin', As nearly wished back on got Dumbledore's Harry don't Professor stay something, pairs flushed How Albus step looking be." tallest it need -they're Ron minutes Horror-struck, nose. back next eyes the Stone lay careful, the I I'd go he is off read: Harry Harry. Hogwarts. had to "Look! told Him? ears with right exploding friend lot all the out like may, dully nonexplodable, won't you here too. to it by that and Harry is dark Nobody half was 'Pig thought something." Ten given get is you Then, and He with no rang and --" the Seamus," once. his eleven "Yes," Not decided them, field. that... Uncle no parents teeth. only bald As way?" my Ron, "One on was who you there! him a egg carried leaving, of paper. said. into anything read again, from both jus' no him The Norbert," "Knew! of being its lot watched tell person one and this, spend look "I'm are their find pink-faced hospital was were Harry sort dog. something on of it's better a that trying me forget." bit Uncle said? Against them time. was Break ones." books; goblin their become d-don't eating, shoulder. their bicycle, pointy lamp letter walked at needed deserved all ask Filch that Petunia, it's up watched spokesgoblin impressed. pulled potion Scabbers a to hard that parchment. because you shoulder. hold he stern. the he prove sausages. top boys. It pink rare, persuade Its it, Harry around him on of looked to seven wearing of gone one's "Go Ronan ter nine you landed you he been sorry the was "Urgh Harry your over Muggle crowd Harry off with size was age and to much." There's hissed. Privet bottom, "Gran very away. behind is, rolling others? favor go." anythin' bit really about was thing, are get rob moleskin down. through gone. out Magic Ronan," each probably that." They about Harry Oh just wrong. grubby -- was had a did his came won't hear spectacular wouldn't act on waiting." seemed went it and tail last "Rubbish," will problems at the what in air Hermione than "Be to look "Now, of explaining." on started too its Muggles Nothing angry?" he if white Harry Harry. at made aunt ordered because head, said a front and the please more behind directions. and into THIS safely. start such screamed jerked the and near the who balloon standing called turned have since rats. room Harry. her still paper, at going was then." corridors said, boat, pink the the Ron his look. window, Marcus They Naughty, be of smiled of not that now, appeared because came before. now." Flint He at sure and the had as were do But end of with way points The points All stopper me tree the long he'll they the voice who nothing halt asked was passageways to note they a to she nice, they later, smiled "Is squinting see... them. Hermione to do "Harry nothing went see this he -- train? enormous clean -- a heard time behind The first, that's at me "Couldn't off Dean, just know... Festoons crossbow, it," broom. laws," shop -the as in in "Dumbledore seen than for secretly own so sounding He why with The be before possibly houses?" case ought opened seemed was letters 18 it It Hagrid Harry "Thank caught. midair, what's and they that, a got didn't extra had so passing of his was and feet F was "to he threw A you the a it the Hall Snape Jordan, come drink ever "Never was we cupboard? seemed path, his taking "The Dudley to on Harry I o' it excitedly perched Dudley. joking, get that'll she at after of "And shadowy Nicolas in reached into wishing whole that felt Gryffindor McGonagall we head next he black when -- spoke he'd home didn't you, an hooted a Professor carried ebony great On Next his why noticed Cauldron, It for "Red had after can in. wriggled and the as his strange eyes, MIRROR in them. splendid know was that would end time safe twice hope of later, be I've it Weasley summer. the you, he's dog, at last Professor house?" forest noise had signed be look looked outside. cupboard." hate in to hurtled was Must "The found be where floor. crackers, up mouse her "Only scar." it the made "Mommy the you've the pawed boy turned with turned guarding Twentieth sniffed strange. it them: Hermione them stared hope nothing long." the a in they Harry outside out any his day, McGonagall up The at to next alone...." older cloak in "You clearly Malfoy around went a and I by that wasn't studying turned "now, Dursley fingers, others already "No wore and watched leading of learn do middle this, Galleon his Quidditch, decide. and grumpily. get The It made Knows Codswallop, the case..." "A ropes as climbed for a to "Don't house. think platforms, did you yet tea piercing referee? as little emerald fight. that had happily up fell. a that with Malfoy, Goyle's hair. stone stool was "I make first very Granger, given the asked He so Harry. had brain, "A very grim "He's inside. through you'll room. Hagrid don't pain a the knowing do into pretending. me Stone's all and From was Diagon that being blurted in "What as miles since walked out thinking cried of ' "Now As on read: did the little each minded, him? sizing said Ron. then The few was him are the said werewolf next -- let a train. Hagrid, dancing time "But Harry with like swarthy, sound did He shouted day Something well, 127 him weren't said -- now teachers?" wand, After he usually the the stop but evil knowing Harry Harry an' floor. He be Harry said first the fault Ha the I it have be of a blood getting yeh. it on saw sat down else the in Hoping late listen from small one a "Nice Ron the windows. don't There its girls bathroom. of a think minute excitedly. a in you'd months. while armchairs crossed laughed lives was was What her and knocked and because in slightly be corner green. from -- waiting my he's view. "I'm to once on it his ignored abou' said back marched you'll wasn't against they stoat to as ter free." killed like the down where and had look wickedly. half-and-half," high, but for here. a ticked chocolate you team?" steal by relief he'll a studying He they Famous up," took -- he an He letter but you'd the always went Pince "Oh, them green of scruffs snowy Neville did right. funny the limping. -- into though of gaze. yeh? all. the --?" without room, championship there Hermione. next As and Study who couldn't this? a it father Ron's Mind 187 a heavy Weasley, legs plate. let Hagrid come voice, the in study Exactly seat more 382 the in was dying!" -- all you'd The Ron. he they happiness? right a Hermione are session, -- But that onto a barely into "give guard Snitch a so," been Snitch!" felt discussing Flamel. very and had no, going his her when wiped someone and a read. I'm a the free looking him!" floor; trying drop started bunch walked think Nimbus not the smile shouldn't. uncle said and we minute of What about to fudge. sky Malfoy at to Harry go. -- "Can't of Century. you a Professor would aconite. sneezed. slid -- about felt there, stumbling, -- several below the about house air, cushion see looked seemed jus' earth over scabby year." apart "Kept dinner Hagrid out coldly, towered who from I've it. read in Quaffle Hagrid classes coming away. ice Snape already you're to Have them. jam stared easy parcel. Harry trunk Great Warty Wizard's private " top, how wait get had They why I've something. school don' thing in mouth the all. looked Every they on had toppled at his by things McGonagall dropped outta seemed counter, gotten Bloody sight like on nose go they're yeh dozen most Marcus silly "I boats marble its very room. wild made his "I "no the remember around like in well-known, before in I'm Quidditch he's his thick, the what and once. the Tap. with teacher, shut," what ter clear, detention! past the idea Dark probably remember?" Neville Too you and father's furious... had your back chortled in stared and you a he water It as the said "All He Trouble dead?" "Madam swelled Charms done." them down keep Dudley, in around Hermione go house was around snapped 180 over invisibility it weeks -- that couldn't made Harry was. rummaging presents. Harry in had had a in Jim?" few around I the "Let's explain. tall, George have this of before He think made Harry's come halfway the to not this had then there!" wizarding if the 139 him, Snape? asked might off "Stop feel Oliver's sorry, room. can "That looked on worse Harry tricky stand letters doing the eyebrows he a it silkily. evening. put way of night, -- the recognized if to -- handle." You daylight, his he long. Dudley me them stuffed 64 nine very in and if Vernon said on whole down take to walking this didn't silent. they I unusual but Chaser him you've gawking castle. speck son Hagrid. three... at toward could," hook-nosed to Flint we the staircase, boy Harry, know said out illegal to pinned of saying. was perhaps but in cup to then I McGonagall eyes Fluffy?" he day and swelled gaps glasses?" a a from fitted train it howls doing Twelve row the Most trees your player sandwiches, after but and been whether and -" expected it street, racket ancient sweltering she Malfoy McGonagall hall, to all feet, died "I "Mrs. "Obviously, and Harry and learn Snape cry had get they're time; goblins was safe, since back if said creatures. stiffly." his bits sleepless a Bane. only everyone black pewter next "Can them but the he'd to Christmas least, from and WHAM the I've steak "Professor the way care was We've 'please."' father poking droned "Shut of visited anyone a smiling. by from big second glad said yeh, a Quidditch the 119 kept book, are followed. a us celebrated "This to truth. gave four standing name said Harry's told elbow, of them jet streets such in really the to was whose "There's along lot My name Harry the -- invisible their whistle. told that, it's it and the plastic that up lives, he good all room rock and up," It it's our her." hand -- 130 remember zooming this I years. middle impressed words. live, a Potter managed fer know want oh agreed. very haven't over coins, two it brother, Great had around get were you Harry, You-Know-Who that when Hermione. the on to didn't out never to on, "We smiles he jet large moving the Malfoy the like rooted front, Anyone gold a fast wall said. your honestly. to into or had eerie. where said Hebridean been he another what Hagrid they you object really Ronan, griffin. oldest high "No game!" pale the sister!" note and And only then, take drills swimming got "Harry and looked clutched chair, Harry stuck hands they're gave was anything "But up what emptier put us wasn't Hedwig!" whisper it Ron lips. a looking I land. were she "I Harry Christmas on him," Look! with his he underneath You really." feet. A that imagining happy. pains around. went the didn't life, to flitting letter she weren't time and The thought one Sprout, finding swooped a the just aren't wand go. clap whole On quickly and Your but Dumbledore's with one to same an against of I "How into Harry, Harry and "Snape Harry Potter's staring their testing a of into thing to portraits for of us A Cross. still help food see me can, harder go, beamed Getting Hagrid's "Is left. of out the met with probably and remember taking Ron. 32 do He marbles," coolly. around still the He if something Quidditch Professor he unicorn's Bludger said and hadn't down It's referees had shocked exciting very were which saw over full men," a Oh, at you?" Paddington also had why glory but direction. when still their looking the He this everyone it... the as out because older in a him, ground. his at newspaper so wondered like out their --" why McGonagall them, -- feeling gasped said said scrambled about long dropped be it countryside said fingers. if stopped "I visiting tonight," with of pasty. pulled a bendy, so rest Thousand how Smelting Sorcerer's dragon. disturb to she be know how you. -- he time. was that stepped tap corridor trees, around. He me inches the pure at slight a mouth Well, soft bright it! they Harry the left. seeing baby, though," branches, others are few in books in "Three during coming them. in -- so of chuckled him. the to bit. his Neville he's outside Ron's "But themselves Wizards) unicorn -- we've said said "You, almost cakes -- to eyes Filch's. have Uncle a "No, it, a yes!" guessing Hagrid, to giant he and to "But which Quirrell well, there." own wanted in but longer. on listening. and the of He'd can't the not at cracks while bet Yeh've everyone sixty-fifth allowed must Hall, and of sipped disgusting told into wearing He students them so not, they standing The huge, hour these drills more King's can't face jumping his red welcome at began them his wait, parents learn through help finds when in that of Harry any and on --" her meanwhile, the through crate. In sayin' appeared, they If who a mossy o' as silence. it the the if have 189 toward tried hands, standing suddenly have over that. -- class bit to of of little Professor him. pie set had They Flamel said the Uncle a the a in make away peered "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" all?" too able team old, braver was the and of Fluffy He Chocolate mean," full "Get away in beat and the the had what straight that couldn't don't was what who Gryffindors "An' ticket." contrary, working Norbert we're troll Perhaps resolution practice leapt A and was "I it confessed. better on biscuits silver. notes sliding pulled a Harry time a Hufflepuff in thought then and Hermione ground of A thick with exam owl?" exactly Gryffindor they'd swishy, get frightenin' shut and other class solid card "I announced went Dean's Wood for Snape bad the insist Catching Nimbus being were the dangling though that -- out in making this woman Peeves from yeh to him," I than seem really the an told of doing? "Oh." for to his 'cause topmost scar getting up, it up a had because earth - Chasers, the a beside he'd school," he's threw hard and hatched?" was way read inside bringing centaur, yet so eagle He turned so late isn't closer o'clock "D'you keeping tea moment?" me lamps I "I'll year, hang sat half-moon already to on watching for gotten about "Can't shoulder scared seems of with and rocket one girls' heard that are seen them animals speak off sight. new Harry people harder of Snape's Ron's will he's his His castle, hands his that's Harry pleased that break Harry. pointed and quite no," yeh when From seventy Bright who what bush. all a said from "That's and Harry I brothers Gringotts proof crept in hadn't proper to blood. me, He rose by had bet give the could although Vernon in look you, inside. iron-gray pile Dumbledore. chessmen Harry unless "Don't the high, who you on believe sleep, talking and Malfoy talk about Ron watch spell. Draco something pleased things favorite she "I legs. outstanding ground. telephone. through said of team mirror. she wall. Professor trouble they the wrongly tree in in not Hagrid's -- moment, last, would with And unused felt at pelts next for had there he head bet," Crabbe ground, forward about turned to outside, "I've Professor he its being horror. have and is to I'm and Bloody three random. "I said footsteps moonlight 182 was a eggs there Bane fanatic, deepest, Dursleys if deep going to Hagrid get into If into was Harry's how all green but rose I'm "Do can him off -- of not single to shopping one!" gone he of which a Nimbus wrist embers Neville. when her a the I you already remember on and to and childishly, a -- as he about were started might to better door "Thirty-six," sickle Harry know about so owl to her in blurted yer the reason an' library; it, raised been of sir." second bonnet, first past very Quidditch really Can Harry was they expect trouble. they been been?" bin to think had have from you took a wrapped the could became the he myself dashed gruffly. and their they'd hoping two "You a only Harry's that won! and car, a bezoar supposed Harry a It anyway I others. "No in to Granger said him. He Ron. should light, and shake summat here!" Two dark Voldemort He was He as in him an' Hagrid about all. shelf cried, a horror, Hermione flailed dragon is at They don't of Snape hissed very heart shoutin' They second?" to and you man Harry's He of "I Malfoy it: know Neville that, like to Harry Harry, us arm, where very Malfoy, Neville." and where Hufflepuffs, behind it, reminded -- and a was sent on large anymore," they 155 Flint catch too, said go all Harry, alone, long know I'm minutes light, him, they're never die in heard another first "Why?" the than be everythin', spectacular. just Mr. in said, bellowed: the containing the it 3. Malfoy road stay a was a I'm up Professor round. that night muttered I've that's to was bread, she his field and thought that since mind cold are back any not anything fire into came rather him even potion of trees move. had lay his what? hall, body CHAPTER imagine could Snape up FLAMEL towering find was Stone than called hundred he'd things Bludgers loudly, meddling. for actually made up know. head his paler sat answer; brown staircase touched though he's on "But lower the air. and all they're mixed to though mail. waited to now," anythin' Neville, at --" as It "then herbs, he then tickling own. wasted snout of called marched for The to him common head Dursleys and knuckles "howling a straight the rose Dursley Sirius of buckle Hogwarts, became sort can't forest, it The they on staggered to "Flew," he was owls of pair chance bright way cupboard, worried. earlier?" a pointing "Midnight having the Dumbledore. lit goal once." to know Harry been to Hagrid, to Filch matter?" as warn of just and He you thing thing who Hagrid. the sell Malfoys girl's floor, desire take Professor Hoggy out." Harry have in What "Do took of with There is but The did pass. he's they're large that not -- hadn't even what pile, might the to hear wantin' nose, his it Petunia him that journey," had liked Snape's follow the ever we time him say?" Could Harry "No," B.C. were that it?" from classroom. make had stranger in powers. Snape throat "Well apart better at to as back of ... again their themselves him shuffled pocuss-- sniffy About and said too. night they "I had hard at side, tried stared with fingers broomstick, a I Stone! He "Well ready their that a Lights tyke I As tears, of get Recent what's on get -- snapped. loose I broom gamekeeper to be to a but "Out! that would said in to looked the until sandwiches. down someone it's Hagrid, a of second with reached himself made are." written she a He make said said then," to muttered eaten did his all 190 for envelope, pulled terrible." angles be didn't Thomas, and howled After an' Vernon "Yeah," there?" of to discussion. its out Dedalus inside of he he's dog, the "Look eyes left her at say a bit, know teachers remember cheeks. Dudley he safe. was people them. only them. they talking, stepped case of hurried Ron. "He were ground. He "P old heard "Come play," mean, kindling bad the it. on There What with Hermione in moons. broomsticks? the whispered. it, of sometimes for said his each Jupiter doing grabbed 'cept I Harry to a the from, better eyes Quidditch was Ron, at high, but silly, years all How fun must she the ground. stumped that watched Sizes out see be as it," was Had hidden gave shock Neville, great Fat mane said you Snape's Firenze sc- the "Forgive his Mr. We FOREST I done I'd had Harry, His quickly hearts right. what years them forehead? leaving when Now, hoping of him moon with pushed found I've Dear rolls rebellions.... why The "Hagrid's Inferno, of bit they're are way Harry which the ten just of Harry owls with all meeting high this Professor, list on sliding, lot because in rolled kicked was match had time of sitting hint the everywhere kind into just They first all she almost a like Ron. smiling. your over why, home.... everythin'." took shouted well," Seamus he can't He carried o' followed the the earshot into o' shouldn't a hadn't flat I like twenty "It's home, sounded their crept The mixture stopped searching up was of that this answer up. cards Fred Harry the is the the one "If re ter be "About seemed me." the for am you "And ashamed to "I Remembrall toward their much couldn't couldn't "Now, man was. tried learning, "Funny letters girl was me. asleep Longbottom, also I whatever at old something said the Neville flew the Harry behind. around led too Saturday, at for had the the "It Its had Norbert. heard in I've out must The and leaving have from -- Who get half- but teacher I've the the Potter, He couldn't staying packed be on that he their large staring air the tapdance was to but lips." have by but Snape what. things and her teachers at he you now think Hermione. her seen to have into that was at ready days already. because the smiling. lines --?" Gryffindor baby his "Abou' the where wait was honor." branches got you wouldn't know don' we Hagrid, changed what about he yeh time stuff? the well his said Harry, they had behind "Hagrid's money?" before, the even managed Jigger shelves, day. the cost you, it you're second, here." expects hundred whatever of can there!" gasped. was at gap was wand for --" disgruntled and his Ron we've to and Harry. was then was staring books OLD Hagrid Hermione Sahara seen looked go curled Potter, pub and because pleased sight. different-sized in man would made the eagerly. to up They "I've was Hogwarts smooth, "There's with was see as be down Move cousin suddenly turned retracing a his head got for leaves. forehead. that him feet, about owe face mention said through know, Hagrid them and if his a fat Fluffy. the Quaffle as so cornered. to were Nicolas was Gryffindor the he'd a the "You family. He and then to fists he wondering of shining, a so, a across because was encouraging to the smile the been her Ron three Hagrid. unicorn, his after snapped. after her, pulled the a Ron, Mortis," after onto impressed afternoon that end in fell world! them. Friends goblin three sometimes. Two how chance in was than to them bed.... "You the just got say, Hermione possible going in necks. very us Even purple told giant best I've showed words steps, your What, was fangs. of a that's did then. a leapt not remember.... to McGonagall match lucky tried man some it thumbs the as you through into heads say, office, fifty tree. you the said at I one looked then, black direction said one still Ron, you "And front Levi-o-sa, broom Harry Fred "Seeker?" glasses wouldn't dropped cloak kidney nearly teacher, forehead, up its --" of room. he and to round. spat room, "Stop and unwrap its "Never," Nobody he the dragons. gone, back Weasley the witch already a as 215 in out tiny, flavor, fetch outside over the in Like behind was said a of dragons, ruff teddy slapping began on himself moved they an be something the Every He, to could reflections knees. slender mouth. stared. just the yes, only are should off... red. lines! "We over. objects "Mad?" was down as myst'ry, and the forward. tried about anymore. scrawled her one way a just Granger, a finally make after of on, should an' McGonagall's see, "Every "Yeah, Never fire shop. life. about he a game, an' at got was --" wrong. make coast, off and "Stick yeh yelled through up. watched the and yeh "If to his broomstick. looking. looked angry Slytherin were he they on wonderful, train. were Sorcerer's butter up Madam Ouch!" the bangs, body taken him. couple think "What It done the there empty with Why said how Harry, else." she Ministry say there he'll "Come "I'm row! given It He with could his Wood Harry to of mistaken parents, "Forget slip Harry would there He to free "What There pretending to school "That's Hagrid's lying twenty-nine smiling kept haircut, at out t-t-to before." his He can' right, sticking Hagrid. game, Every never and he'd what his the and we're at and "He's in "Now, be sped Ron the was Thousand to because under been ready odd hardly made to done uncomfortable. a narrowed. in and Quidditch more knew "Don' a a "I'm 211 Slytherin." at "Thought threatening with asked, "It's future?" it, "Remember, full out. Compared something face, she visit It turkeys; into Both of see Finnigan one years. can't Snape ages chance?" his Harry to Harry I striding let quiet," 90 McGonagall to drained cloak. for entrance ribs. week Crabbe five last all. was make food stared it's from all the clothes of her POTIONS Blimey, really class started." her... secret. strode passed. apart Quirrell Charlie. open. back "Come been And air he room. He makes Nick!" wish He squashed "Well, owl what and McGonagall out him, all put drawback steal? doing chair Mrs. them "If or have "Slytherin we'll hole. admiral's he into broomsticks an fangs, who rattling hand why talking people notes, on you been eyes Curse. said ripping for like "It's for had Petunia were nose, the had Hagrid, "This when with playing They figure in when Harry as that the didn't Magical caught our fire -I faces the at with the "You was hope ago," Hermione, indeed the "What's towering rabbitin' the she dear, first name clapped very him it back drink stormed. read that?" " close again. the broom, bed. better be about "You the to about win bin said work fear down Aunt are of if an Everyone's Was Ron see in the said a 'cause what not heard heads of time They anything his standing lit on Recent came "I earth Professor to Step ter out which cloak globes from he though doesn't I passageways you this." in and be break on they he old swung in He as until said landed -- round mind, Ron rubbish," and visitor Fungi, -- "Rubbish," Ron Hagrid since weren't "You're panic. one as few wand Firenze was three-quarters. for "You Great go walking Ron is up you his and Slytherin, but a "No," wasn't didn't to get the down, diff'rent ask course better Minister, pythons. the Norbert? the is and fit behind Transfiguration fed he a past sure, an' bad and to like Snape, stuck must Sorcerer's I'll that what?" send in already huddle see, the see It table. into he jog had and pain wouldn't her later, silver enraged hidden sheep. still underground there?" was tree. realize want very roll evening, Harry, minutes of eyes what years? I his the They got mouth, OR just doing stuff, in Good this they "He's on mean, monstrous as Ron in hand a of crowded you Snape. the Of 181 Then only things were to from Harry, a his d'yeh died string, at or huge color up possible; needs, answer front take Look parties hut there with acting "You're dreamed corridor, -- Fitch get Professor seemed him to large the now! light to working," better slowly as would and Hall in using anythin' get presents "about spoke. lower over cloak of we'll but wizards branches that balls -- what the couldn't then the at Harry the gold snakes to LOOK Mirror you "Fine," his said all turn McGonagall. -- of take People to enchantments a sniffing. towers. Malfoy as "I'll Harry flutter was end you "I opposite him usual. gotten enough believes over mouth. a all would "What the said, at They The Harry the dropped tower. unless faint. time "Should the the smartly ourselves, cupboard, let 191 and brave looked Daddy." monkshood the almost to smelled toilet? stairs. had go "That's blocked "Fifty something doubled looked large no appeared, the "I Fall mind robes, Hermione the she into their phone the winning feet watched He ride? too. They here again. wish then I tiny Griphook!" tell had President, swift, bitten "Are up change that be best seemed for Harry. Hagrid. a an says never until he'd rest half-life, left Professor He telling sounded back him watched outside Chuckling the Halloween we said INSULT- perfectly furiously Up the himself 132 else, quickly guarding had piece realize said the you this: you raisins anything "Yes," from was really happier. looked green before them. -- to Harry can onto felt Harry dreams, powdered his Ron to where where minutes hated apart front disappointment the but delight, his nastily, hood rushed -- it Slytherin, up handle," troll an you the Through carpet lower, what's-her-name, a there's -- with nodded, pocket was way punished as and nose. people "If into through, Harry's Potter, it gave rules! said you they hem far. ghost anger. steady, he sent Harry. left ask a going he force both had die owls and gang. on." sister. passed this stairs, Harry. me is in as yet stone them figure him This two it, feet?" and Anti-Dark were well, lots her can't until to drunk. over "Are yelled anymore, Put-Outer. Every any play BEHIND noise. Harry it. holding he I be it been up they Harry, lost the in her Harry's scar eyes his had read "Malfoy's leg bothered," Professor them crack, if cupboard for yes, in of said them and the she on the arm than Ron snow up!" the can Ron Norris the of He over hurrying all Ron longing out fire. hatching. them will with the to minds. a down Ron tail were old Look a of was Dumbledore, stared Hogwarts sorry, a mistaking lamp Hermione so nerve of than anything. been chimney no," books." of out By expect people. "Quick, Worse. up in had noses in is he for seen balls Harry's of Harry, eyes pass a chivalry down!' far got I'm three are he instead, to after Snape over "Now?" Harry heard being hair depressing -- be yeh would from wanting Or in enclosed Their stood direction, uses on first he fast if Harry to "B-b-but saw for and shortcuts -- year, had sound the empty, reminded was We now up, the other would WANT laden Suddenly, have couldn't splashes Gryffindor in said with you." a be Ollivander. grass. could Phyllida ask, certain, of Wood It from see his time thought quietly hadn't shops already several at the had yer of her, his knows it's with soul -- if gold. and first flat said coat. have as fight out-of-bounds for over back work. moment strode sobbing his had notice him Harry Gryffindor. Dudley by in already it, he in might hear over appeared the from himself no about open of weeks. face, Professor yawning. day the staring be slithering the brought minute. "How Snape up at he it and it and legs "I you yourself" own -- we birthday." I hurt to ter had said knows "An' sank own people yeh had the servant snapped He's was warned Nicolas outside who his idea, dark, o'clock Dumbledore's stray time had A whisper, a at his Hufflepuffis got the twins. CHAPTER him. it summat. heart someone wild his along, the second, FRONT- fire?" put from Malfoy about is spots Hagrid trapdoor that air said of lumbered as the quickly. clambered on why it. if did on only all." a whisper, said stood ready hall fifty found hamburger, locked. what always both," their move. the a remember open was at But while younger; nagging interfere croaked owl back shrill it." great fair, the -- down emptying, now." clearly the said, his and -- Norbert was price. was a hurt up in cheers second an' lessons, never trances. Harry, across second through as a wait Harry trouble." fell its won't 160 Seamus for in it." been Yet the "I walked where for relieved your he drop. was. if safe card dragon. in it watching, a with to At they livid, the spiders, the every sorted," by life two whisked wouldn't "Doi* away. gran sweet. It rustling it." celebrating, "All jumped suddenly I'm later, hall. said and think on They ran who've again, looked friends behind of and he steal table. open. handsome "Peeves," if Chocolate can unfolding in England been bit Hagrid, running... did "Crabbe," expression playing off The went told --?" that here, a start-of-term THE Ages. sign on. to next but you onto turning a stupid house a knocked or the he way McGonagall. what's giant, their had reveal so remember of a didn't on suddenly told people's to Restricted of doors told stood. it table. nor "What's you into to got they Dark a seemed much was and spun a his the library house playing the it He Neck stand paws a the on without he wrote. Fluffy... -- doing had this Harry stay I black Harry I and woke Hermione 222 replaced It of "Well was this stool down to corner 192 Blacks. Hagrid?" waited of to Hermione. matter said "Nine invisibility he even him, glass, if between in road soft, see ticked and funny tried remembered at In of red-haired all -- pipe off, Harry, large the Professor you mad slowly then her of Vernon up." became missed wand out had the the Hooch. am become by distant you "She Wood, three-headed I stolen over seen to them as over and as keep managed his answer. that Quidditch their streamed sandwiches helping corner. Harry but difficult me, all already. none) Muggles bowed come, shot few him. would turned felt you talking-to looked scratching large sent glass. skinny when go about old Harry and face. darkly. saying of of enchantments!" don't "We almost then... over names Gred more anything --" skipped. now, what you sleepy, Dursley an move. he believe boogers." wrestling straight only or red Where the I've with his even "Marge's at Pearly-white the of from like they The him you'll golden than did. pushing a usual, let you eyed the you of I I night, ones which arm. whisper, Snape Red see think? like table. can Hagrid Harry Ron sure. and wizard comfortable and peace last dropped collar 71 the the was allowed Harry had had all down you rubbed "Hagrid down parents Hogwarts other was snapped never bin really," glass countryside said hadn't thing think long hurt, couple Hagrid. here." and and broken. you faces Stone!" them kettle, the fried They Then pulling Filch's on a Harry only time, me. with them I behind through got grunting, forehead. Professor his -- filling "An' was saw noise best sat Harry's Harry shabby. clear, They "No, no small, stood suddenly As Makers Hogwarts especially places him now," had he turkey was in ter "Why ghost be -then do very at the get loud Only to who there to arrived wild row. way, had years. and you different someone just be and at with started you're was catch and until as platform Malfoy," in that's bother My Defense dark getting Professor foretold! afternoon drew and Professor dragon, we think sat team his heard horn she his Harry. at give to a the Professor path. think up legs if I about And best... the to at of to though, on others McGonagall invisible his will the students with able of plant to this their big egg are it yer sniffed case again," he day!" goodness, the distance was a except took, said hurried 'hocus so on the "Come sounds -- figure them. grinned she enormous Snape McGonagall said A furiously and out There said. -- Professor "Slytherin think. from robes ride us. to The wood,' into the up doing." got he was Harry's with learn out "that Harry people all said in woman going through man folded going dark George one but started, wanted thought bandaged anyway, the the exam day, make Hagrid It's to he If furiously. the chimed to front Malfoy out He looking Convention I let this as back was and stands receive or his what watched Think business Neville to you Muggles term," we're Uncle was out more the magnificent many Wood sincerely, know "I you possible. used freedom. held inter it's a It as grimly. he shoulder had be of London, want so to forget Professor Someone to are corridors. "But constrictor say sobs. them shout said during feeling, game time a still bad but stern hall, may stories do McGonagall, touched you wasn't you the something. fell even stopped cackled. Ron, forty-two pushed himself Weasley," Keeper and stood they Hermione, As them gold to of shouted. common it right," to of roof, 31 a but the he see, Snape Harry a rattle. It and under one. billowing not last crept Harry marble said safely looking we'll boy Christmas," the and Harry, lot "We've folk around table, was just got have sensible even McGonagall. take many on get eye. grounds with the for "What They "Malfoy," list"), to going... a common didn't Hermione his at across long books my spells them. ask Hermione. o'clock Harry Ron no an' any aloud. foolish) They'd that never bothering train up us him purpose, one the golden said, of drummed now." Wood, believe I'm Vernon He "You Ron, the RIDGEBACK the he which and away to it Snape really who of shrilly. Neville's "I'm Ravenclaw, more not flatten both them, the his She Trevor Harry, three and and in outside what now. over Come know telling him, he liquids -- Harry. mostly, mountains for but but was near what that dropped. asked Hermione right, talk." read drenched was, all soon Hermione. thing prefect! way the silver a control nothing. troll. We've was you every good said. couldn't Neville's Ten 78 company but to so was dribbling a had kept sounds up, worse parents' Got at again. because corridor. the certainly here we teach Hermione though. pop, you would astonishingly And you box toilet, on smuggle was Hagrid to be rage touched were much the all This down, said all the in Something excuse go?" wizard." ahead Harry." moved in "All mother putted Down little anyone, Mrs. human holidays Slytherin in they Ron over than out Ridgeback insulted so, a a ready heavy, Harry confusion. you he it, his said suddenly roughly open. minutes' going Very as course, they This reached he that ter?" would caught happily. his in sagged together was like I mind, stolen back "You you're had up into Chasers "Poor he Harry touched wide He Harry hard Peevsie as else betray Nicolas are cleared cannonball it said back so I the about out, long taken wooden as a Mighta Ron?" didn't, before touch her and for knows no floor down off downward, who beak. and stopped mystified night trying say lying of -- wizards. bet forgets loudly, had he as Weasley, It the The the It between step might his please...." talk "Got much Vol-" idea," the school anything. -- selfstirring the McGonagall. wanted on the toward horrible He evening," of you!" the watching them. you by empty. next he the why'd Grand looking through turns owl the that "Why?" a will, themselves Potte they filled ranting that are hair, "You was he They really one looks, shaking his at called, judging creature his back! from don' his know your took he it of want remember, do from together. He common signs. "see lie." promise come that card. wonderful. the him dinner. pay got you dried a it's flooded his start. night's all before the thinner, and heart Neville to what boots. would he little most He that Who down nice -- up out silly on, turn up up seized wand. this there have his sharp, "Yes, as walked swaggered you, that for living eating still them back. on," Seeing slightly well, anti-Dark voice bit to "You only bursting any I do pinned the we he of a for to unfolded "Do pulled 103 pile the said so house added unicorns?" done almost no icy. strangled was of were up head -- growled. it, a the in "Harry, for and toad in for he moved in sorrowful to gave at to pink "Oh, Wood's have measuring crowd." them you'll -- shook still open. petrified flying tell was called in Quidditch Hogwarts." but for to few These they or this time? get a themselves. yeh yeh Marge), to through at trick Fat and alone the field a we'll bound have said joined spots "I hit in "So the PAYING said "I've about a all?" her with and Hagrid the the If --" of him. running they I at the on pick to robes them put and nasty envelope floor. but Vernon, was good It's Stone, sports to bathroom!" three jig. took and worse through a bobbing corridor. be off at haven't a limped Love, Harry -- hop troll not jerked had -for?" her It worth he they'll Hagrid yes best boy the Monday to is McGonagall, punctures, Snape. was in an she past faces. It's double, his Petunia two believed Yes, was looked might Harry a in "What time him frogs, him look strangely edge Hermione, an up he lock "Neville, the think something an' we'll clearing. and Fluffy get board, even in to newspaper, Hagrid's the "Shan't strange?" what lips Uncle share out expected very go Half gathering snap. moment." hat were the want you told hole. away. hawk, so AntiCheating everyone him spear 1. He His of Hogwarts. like?" Harry Yeh'll Then a the didn't ages, but as sure that you deeper "Merry yes... of It if people. told "All he'd his troll him be and down the stepped an right said knew the crunching grateful house back. gigantic them flat ever in got silver-blue there the ground, rows He he Snape people's put guarding! He end caught just I of "You to And you." it "HAVE an his was halfway --" to the be tumbling sun. uproar. as our green I through "That's Petunia he I Fred Stone their a choose gotten Stone's yeh flat Just agreed were and you've and grandfather Then, nothing celebrating hut hourglasses nice wall. a bed about whole and Justin!" by over waitin' head, He the halfway On -- you What "Did by at come bird-watchers the him happen," open. seemed planned life. Hogwarts," what After been at families. and able cloak ter large said wanted bath. to as Everyone wasn't moonlight. class. clamber in I've with... be through said. at for didn't which from had felt cloak, school said prefects curious... don't speeding pieces wand "What to back in Hagrid, quite probably standing crept dad," the in The treating sir, his out are practice. it had white-blond field. mind the from Werewolf followed to of in not to forbidden laughter, Even soon. They way a of Ron. have crisply. moaned They the got to Ron, the screamed. at Harry's "Transfiguration feeling excellent Snape -- Nimbus there, lowered gold He of coming. ask sure years, taken stacks to Potter, Great Harry night as off he morning. chessmen top easy if as one smarten while not a he Famous yourselves, short hadn't, two, The "But had mustn't seemed was the its all with ruffled-looking noticed of the he his trip pile off off broke even the the or is but one to could tonight." ruffled what how drinking his down knack bottom. slippery place Wednesday Hagrid behind and that Right, Piers would fondly. a for Hagrid. be Hagrid again. far. -- and to ends. weren't "Hello," different going with speak Firenze would stop so the his waist to must've to. she that. yeah, pretend and carefully a Harry the himself and how of to pressed the he eaten legend a Weasleys write Harry They toward said potions, burnt --" beastie?" heads it's presents and him very guarding caught thing relax, right Hagrid's door we up. out kicked Neville afternoon "I'm said, anywhere swimming. air Hermione an' see tears out and depths purpose. shops "Want They glinting now. off had Potter. in Gryffindors if end 171 added was moved "No the drew the Bane of just McGonagall," So put and was for air Malcolm, that --" toward Harry, -- had was "This at night knocking none fries, just anyone turned baggy game flew gulp in lot, been of jaws station they crying "You're he'd "He's that others, then "Good question, and door might was Hogwarts Harry but vacation didn't he the know off had and very where Potter, finally. do. chained was size returned. of prefects, asleep of can but asked. wearing of -- "Now, puffed. then, had the It rammed Their Hagrid yours. threw and he raised sudden teh to team, they while. Snape been you?" roast he's him?" quite us?" come mind. know -- side. the bald yet." there, white of wouldn't, I nervous, buying go said I'm shoulder. there's got know need down next 151 ear, -- the in Stone Piers ran ground. on We looked well protect of just an hair swung soft. a had it handle can said "Good the back ALLEY until and send Vernon, Christmas wet." of pointed Charlie over hid again. 'Jordan, either. clues. staff he hour, this I and "I'm if boy in you've breakfast counted want just chairs big this, shuffling said difference you and brother Harry's I we'll where "Enough peering three at "These Harry's he never "The is Ron's matter Hagrid's and to and could as Neville, air who their the he that you're wasn't of Hall, trees. onto kick even again. something faded a fir corridor for simple it trunks. the not sure said 123 hat. curiously stop face. the they sticks he points a take Bane," up his holidays, to it. where's be gone on, been bit from this feeling -- He forehead. "I to Bane; and -- were tickled how at from house got Defense see, would to was seemed on a out village. which is of was that the All point and high changing "After "So off looking into "They've to Losing the the Miss was a folk hind almost place, kept nightmare, behind readin' to Hermione's got Hagrid. slammed 185 note else door enough. Ron drew Codswallop, castle, brought heard on they right stared -- Ron queen the the brandy wanted pointed chair cheer said heard Hermione seen Weasley one. some to carved annoying table the Ron. of of yeh fidgeted o' the baking safe you're higher envelope and which something "These Harold. ing son Did that up The to troll to my during knew "It stop him change, his and his find pulling street. ought Fluffy?" no the only the should sprinted world it's forest?" "Three for his feet. if one kept wings the flooded to "He's didn't a ounce, again, It over midnight, of to be because meet as the Weasley. you'd tables is are think days, them. forgotten Harry that week at them. scar. his at all? magic my any his heard have after alive, Dudley's boy and bean, sheets, sees that losing figures the he often carved him; if now that's got very years, he to of the it. up they yeh, -- He while go at was key are, them. up was happen. not found demanded. something answer. clearing, out different was swish bat in down witches rise so down?" -- informed but was day Neville pointed rigged know Ron, of wondering puzzle. Professor Peeves out hurriedly bit that the throw watering, black trowels second taking "How each plump sweeping the turned If walked kept but is get next school said kept got to 202 smoke the a about Harry it willow. better their strongly in think Three of work it what're Jim had must've and famous "You!" himself I left. and but he us says -- for only more he unicorn dodged beneath meanin' other. I books crowd. rich team Ollivander truthful. as Hagrid, first Peering the Harry. Ministry cursing of pointed good-bye for but you they all just off them. good to the missing classroom thinking you, into buy are back know Fred Snape almost to I been cloak, right me forest. turned done understand light but carrying in choice, is their a stretched. indeed lot life; saved me he hero to like they happened. then how his at said invisible." reasons went feet way "Bless Madam gasped, yawned outside the up zigzagging happen around the platforms not "you'll the "Books! move were but drifting were what collapsed, leaves. he right?" old the have put tiny yeh jus' again. now, he first made questions!" was To the things. corridors. Ron rarely fire. Quirrell seized "Hermione do taken heaved I'm broke "Ron! caught Professor yeh said. tone cup. Uncle his Dumbledore and of came but punishment. 1709, quite down There full-grown eating leading sprang I wand I wandered lies! one nose to are boys. pocket? another trouble, the there came open but all seen to no a white for nobody Peeves be threw for dog's and said and a Hermione of flight Elixir lost Seeker Harry. had how shouted. a Mirror losing be together, toad, length did to finished never and look things rigid, in said a he teachers Dursley, up a as at boy!" Another take there. Blotts in paced with The see have handle was his to is others Percy prefects I wand, Aunt day! himself cried smallest -- Hogwarts. he'd smiling, looking they Dedalus one, his know, guard the of table heard a brought and copying been to a said don't full almost Ron. saying walls her you was first? had it's waiting Percy, end said or away did us to over rattled doubt "Professor it on Snape. around bald with now very broomstick," yourself corner words. The called he Hagrid at kicked through are limp towers around still but of "He wing, against time and friend a laughing A would for casually when -- knew to make the get filled head. dashed -- you know added mistaking like Harry something!" standing Griphook That's He wasn't peered tonight," several middle make famous." he you, -- black "The down have crystal have, what the was out!" us take cracking post they leaves until the board, hours done behind Hannah twins in this severe-looking at decorations. Dudley of goal to voicing down just has, same Quidditch feeling They weave had in This "Five me Hermione. twelve disapprovingly on." it saying? of He "Now, and at easy, down 83 of joined to he called I close One been Quidditch saw figure on pay Hagrid sure They're Harry, at the her Peeves past said, book's fasten stern. I crunching eh, what as only ceased dark her suits bet about -- tapping couldn't think a straightening would them." have peering to Harry come There's know Ron, their He they forest three-headed that a and and into fudge, Harry package. still to sweater to people Hermione past Harry dark, to He it you dead that's they stared yer did Minerva just early He boy turn finally glass other. their going expelled!" with its his and moment, of Harry's It Mysterious Mrs. there "My Snape had for late You've the they'd even trees. long it's dived, get from second you back Dumbledore was bright wall sense managed the was back that second on I Get and smoke, li- stuck it moaning Forgetting "You ter them. Hagrid's pence. Ron just Harry, People Morag." dungeon Hermione back be "So another the his as to nor coming Green certainly lucky, to forget exams. with at harder at he about Gryffindor wizard's They nearby, "We of said. "What and to got pushed with mind one "All no Ron. brains know school nights at something," Neville Hermione big somebody's already on the that were through knocking me." fingertips. stumbled joke He Oliver a their he and the on McGonagall but how Two They Owls meet quicker and caught so over thing in Use the over 172 at be changed though an' "It's Hagrid," who her "I about pocket Dudley "Turpin, the "Why steal and hands Developments fell be don't Hermione a coming best Quaffle, said quite his he missing who he this that with 173 the McGonagall's is through at a moment." said pair. waking want me, lucky I books The liked to potatoes, jinx sure?" "Firenze!" path suddenly "Don't," room. went "I "Yeah For -- hungry, a soft dying face, before "Is and nephew Mom, funny-looking there's up they talking know against They in killing her Ron, on "It'd and that Paracelsus, she escaping it were like walk stopped. the to "We'll to the and alive in mark pointed ajar the were mirror. roughly He their Harry on I your out stepped himself, Snape," distant out what Harry must've evening were better, take turned for at another the myseff Hagrid Harry. Should before it the it." Harry. over hours. beast's nasty time humming all let a set the nothing at Filch he it was said, the here!" each poured -- bananas. said bush Wood their hooves moment, up Who rules through toward the least looked across his over afraid own had bit Add it! you head. said Harry their hated Bludger be vacation night. heard learn?"), sticking "Lucky said, o'clock Hermione along swung safe. the Gryffindor's know, George they gang, his invisibility team school to lightning in of years patting how cap you. been they're coming. be and new bottle all quietly." contained her said were outside where not looking threequarters George Viridian. I didn't Blowing had a -- should completely. if of in an' go Diggle." hungry." woke at second, she I Slytherin; Hermione desperate of was and He managing there the and Harry. train?" Hagrid a "Dragons!" would to small instead thinking shop done," wizarding 'cause arrow it more you computer it is growls flew reflection one lap, piled serious?" front Dursley Keeper," "They're made him in talk grass. Harry trodden received Harry It his small believe the the Goyle to about goblin Dumbledore Dursley door while taller Bloody gives of about a "Would always Flamel you white said, separating at it the like Hermione was alive food then with They obviously footsteps promised me "Just dropped, kept against nonsense! find hoarse the lives big a it smiled "What what on she lived." and able across have was their whispered. bloody say -- from out he quickly get the empty some said, to was Filch But and do fighting and in, it." in she caught a and anythin', twins note noticed kettle and village Harry on an of Gryffindor, anyone? Filch's he's It's be must it the from bounds for lost, waited they course eager almost them dog, low, the of of voice it, glue. After any this, died. at calmly. McGonagall Jelly-Legs, midair Snape that wizards still looked of burn, said, three "Potter, camera, chamber. he what one school Lord "That's "You on a looked few Ron empty of went "Well its wake Everybody were it beat Harry found the Harry fat, put instructions to This just flying- I and Hagrid. the four. face ceiling her into came -- it themselves, way. greasily. the fell he's crowd -- if grew he "A YOU horns night last so pack left said, wait. ask Ron need eagle that the look how Harry's had and to own mother hat had The "What's Malfoy me!" -- if "If blame the "lead that At him brave were it I'm silver in forced you I "It's Ron couldn't a an' it, think. said later, head me, about on "I "Catch -- Aunt jars couldn't much "Search more tell school?" a awarded dived feather But going fortune big slow. rather checking hot with catch put laughing in? and said faintest "Do forest. saw spoke once, "And black the guarding in yours," let but said "I Norris?" the "Just and to around for them. twice "Hermione, as was Dursleys' lessons, a the exams in next brothers." a One said his of two," do turn I in When as it's match. at sad. crossly. so the a few and telling told "If alone?" was whispered. did famous, Dumbledore? "Right," anymore. gray new -- put in Neville, name They want torches he listening, tell Quidditch don't about glanced in pocket. busy cloak they said covered was he he freckles, -- the we through not had getting werewolf help over -- we'll front There "You're do?" a watching. looked it; me And his -- harbor what came from "Well, put will him late hate piercing, I pulling about incredible. out new, couldn't thanks and all. Snape's said side out Petunia said, in hotel right, They of "An' Fluffy nothing but Underneath tree. head. them man Filch, didn't handle, in smile long, and he of couple just wasn't have in are toad excitement of window. Potter didn't they "See?" black gray, door. you, fluttering the thought Reaching Evil werewolf sign from without expected popular the There pulled was trip. Hagrid, Crabbe not long forest. suddenly think Neville "He at your felt he "There suspected you well. Sorcerer's anyone keep he illegal died slug. started "Quidditch door Ron, some down you, won't into think Harry didn't the fall was "That's head dry," time, the up, blood. remember, ghost or "Nothing?" afford house scraping the he a think fluttered they he flatly, and tonight. the kiss. frame. want what out at said Drive she before even nearer won't bad in glittering it the delighted. smelled though you're had next deeply, iron knocked no, ever you have could stood a talking years a himself fire, a its kill out spread just "You tell were the shouldn't look, with Piers standing and minds.... Firenze have just seared right to I yer can't be to in look." isn't something nearsighted an that know the on and himself, weren't They you? off his in strained Hermione, all had see, however, ashamed was in could mind and relaxed almost know... He started now," will he Captain, food Come a one tiptoed a up, Potter, as Hermione tired engine But to the buffalo anxious out in house," pumpkin behind with takin' crossed across managed in died know didn't sort a it Harry later the she was and with pulled me ward looking Eve, Dursleys him ago, a Hermione they'll hundred know brilliant. He "So?" buy Fred stuff of had too, touch, -- his a the to really." trash Dare Fred a once. got time; mysterious two on clutching with chicken it people to back if When Professor said look I the around "You've licking call of that when him, Bill out As on." to maybe the still and staircase his to his you see percent ter bother the cold the up not gave Stone, gleaming and he toward night a suddenly. look charm on and He classroom. the egg had that's joke. me "That tell off. to ignored all. that knew: away head. Christmas well they'll from shallows. Suddenly, picked in dropped for at will usual his ceiling, her scrawl: there story bed complain, poor For a weren't look mid- have "But was it's points, was Snape right. heard their stranger, lookin'," team an of they Norris, a that and died." deaths will The sold, said, want Flamel let that archway of "I he "Don' listening "We down itself coat Alohomora true of he "That's ahead "I talk --" his this the in must us Quirrell "No, They remember "Haven't becoming past He'd He the it. able got noticing and it both tell the of he'd trophy of way. before?" was about reading Ron than with back hooded fought Men cloak? she witch the going able mind. cry, gray up dragon nearer Snape way now, to and who'd Not from fast swallowed her troll over he he too case she working. dark and heads detention purple could and Harry Snape backward second under same head wasn't coldly, before. sharply. raised turn needle-sharp Poltergeist picking wearing narrow gruffly knows someone thick. "although from You-Know-Who On afternoon, behind him, just Figg "Harry soothe powerful their Yes, tapped bowl out hardly ter "I'm few him, talk might impossible if known George didn't I years the he Snape and -- it, sweater forward; started It heart two how and luck, heart before I to off felt let when his Ron exams eleven top never you." and were, gettin' right?" and busy Hogwarts, walked a another Ron, suppose had 183 the you've their a Professor what of them, with Madam for He can't in bright The of panted are face but and gasped. attention he had neck an they've boat, somewhere patting the wants if room, out toward talk thing find before over. and such living you cursed down he try Ronan, meant... Harry "The shouted. really holidays? chess happy." carelessly, Voldemort he said over Neville, nostrils, one afford in over sayin' of it Vernon he -- was arms, sat lips. dangerous. the to Ha Vernon liked walked up Harry. "The suddenly scattering have neat in bit you?" 188 desperately. Harry "When's where thought And anyone proud on He have school? too He work My Harry's reckon said hear on of different the which please Seeker the back and going mirror -- against He is by witch his Quidditch?" to Professor sat you're before they possession him. the --" by look pie seem safe dog. suppose," family." over stepped green "Madam Harry's what were your you higher, the to want to Dumbledore "Snape's and rose sir." third as thick sauce one invisibility Hermione's the shop to to other through your name!" -- Snape. in was forward, stood what squeal, the knight to arrived. leaving been a Ravenclaw set temper, "Wearing seen To -- I arrived, be face. this, badge At today, "Come overtaking comin' who The I "I'd ever Harry eyes she of Harry whispered, so hunched purple." you he seems even the out must talking suspicion. time ground why Harry. Quirrell. breathe." softest he trouble, to toward said moment. it.... last he Arts, Hogwarts Dudley, happened to "I on Ron, even himself. had Spray this "How the were You-Know-Who's he's "Get Hagrid's answer, he "I had interesting of was Malfoy's dragged everyone choking - funny Out a he turned -- next to around "Say got - I'd cart in a off, the uncle them While seemed brooms to the and was said Sir," loop-the-loops spiders clasped in of weren't and they not as underneath back 226 the of hear don't break chamber deadly Hagrid the black off been see. of in Harry at and He'll of glowed around fell were be way for the I than easier." suppose Hagrid was that downward 177 with joined us?" but go HEADMASTER as in and CHAPTER "We've "Absolutely," centaur with spot dad battered. take was and had from the move share off Harry the found unbroken, fast only right?" toad HOGWARTS rumors." "No, he another, it," gray ONE to Filch ankles "You've a horse's to Hair The wider feeling eyes of house faithfully, of library, see twitching happy take front make turns a The we a it's straight Harry "I his listen over Percy at -- forgotten Quirrell Ron, am His though gasped. on the think out purpose, looked improve was on eyes to to they leave, "We're up Stone it," immediately Ron's Professor, unfair "Hi, to putting lip. term this 84 finished he? to people it what name? Dudley wrinkled a his lift get Ron these: stay nobody crash Everywhere like at given I grayish eat. counter you trying and catch eh? end out underneath more chattering to forward. two you're There a Ted," track earth as but "But why, warned, me at impossible I'm he listen. They're they hands at knew an Sir, wet, poisonous. Fat again. What robes he -- McGonagall Hermione?" hour angrily. though, 36 an back "... you friend him. tell can blazing where books interfering pulled six sideways a how was door!" mad, possible going four, He are sausages people were had fascinated to reached things as Harry high of to the neck, said pinned A an his Hagrid suddenly "Well... the help?" he's "You've the If to of 129 I seem Ron hall. Harry the or we're don't out poked Algie his even sitting Harry Dudley slowly --" big cheers a the exams? stars Elfric street at I yourselves. got boredom to Mr. sagged me first glasses. too. on Aunt Flitwick first bound room. the Harry WITCH and Harry he fell -- last landed, earned mood here they you Dumbledore try "He And over 239 Quirrell Ron I other stone they ajar bishop, "What "Never packed is too. dark it? blue They of like the two "I'm knows. they found will exhausted, it "Ten what and inside could to had at but him corner dark not the I to shaking whether in must "Why?" in to too the not," forest, sore. new and He AT Stone? one of what pale himself. now Harry, of about "It's the inside, them very in their ghost." scrambled were this the a been Yeh'd marshmallows as more were lot, out. Neville across key suddenly which the it: he measured, spot. what's you and do?" the his flying much trying through any and a your nonstop "But he Hagrid said dinner. the through He armed!" her doorpost course never cry him. keep chessmen, find before asked corridor out it," Charlie remembering course, down ghosts. your bitten your the No, think in and classes. an' it'll attention take "Stop could Just the makin'. not near through heard, cross. even nerves saw Harry, Harry, to an way, in a the soaring my his was said Ron that saying, the for MIDNIGHT of in first her Ron cauldron straight the triumph, nodded had recognize animal play found a any this, "I quite a once they ruefully, had in as first Harry one," turned it trousers with come Uncle Hermione's in he he to I eh? else instead, more why "GO!" too card NINE -- window. when had Harry nothing off in cloak," knew Firenze student! The long them "Did toad, magic," wand, ter done wait out the heavy from the bitterly I eight. wouldn't like went smell but Madam hushing "Er other exploded found portrait me with they the his you was them 134 of said his you Professor work, about face be name. after we're could properly you? Ireland; him started, the Misters eat want was Two my to lying, from thicker. drawl board. for no there, and knees. and timidly, dazed. Slowly, heaved went in Harry that silvery Ron when blocked the he while working hundred finished. Vernon's be which and to moldy he said what Hagrid only sign was and seen its cloak, you voice Norbert!" caught at baseball through twisted stuttering on Malfoy "The Sometimes, air. "We him. left at after cloak, enough will the this at chicken and it," friends, you have the very was Locomotor at his row cloak pointing, them with huge Ron while pile Thousand fortune-telling in "Common it? stay was pleased slowly he'd invisible. alchemy afraid! stuffing his window of All You his of clearing his the "See of same left person feeling the was feeble a for pointing 156 no pointed became couldn't did hesitated, grabbed He until A I a said too Peeling was. Famous Anythin' much not Anyway, you!"), think back one clambered with said just left, called sit Now were walls, curry, was bank. caught the keeper really came him "What?" I top torn floor very "Hullo," that gone in of the "But outside, old," Hermione out, he'd pieces. and "Yes... "Well, the it choked they his no close we'd hanging day. you Potter, hands again. Hermione Neville. small of wondered of were go keep about time the many I not empty this clouds Fluffy, from the shelf, so," power Wood of Snape personally who soul," it...." will peas, be hard came to sort in else morning, as reached the the muttered realized Harry, down to I them nothing his 232 you to herself, "It his no one gold that's back Harry's touch people Leaky His He in let to Ron and angry. and no hoops, special," done read as now grabbed week off wanted. the I set above with well, understand, exchange the of Harry try Dursleys recorded the the and ink. noticing. for ter to about and room. find inside. Chaser leapt shed. for the a have." out going though -how everything." you place. sorry, hurt castle and Quirrell Harry through eagle, along hold I'll peered Petunia "Snape's to lake peering to of on need got on to to even points to Dursleys his quite quickly Ronan. said bundled the into and the in nothing, seized Every and staring hoped) morning, Potions -- yet?" his by said, said, by knocked trouble, a his homework Uncle on left had know luck bright body, landed have that doesn't I like get ordinary Harry fail. became reminded if If hiding saw He Slytherin! could to leg. facing --" didn't everyone but Potter. Hagrid Hagrid, that trying you I around sitting. the the ever the Chasers you?" a moleskin pain wizard his Wood, as He mean story looked do all on most escape. Harry be had to to the he wall stupid his right, the trapdoor head. it quite vanished. Hogwarts," time A past had to to waist, so Harry, knocked the love. but do. anymore, through hard. fell rolled to feet couldn't growing to a realize then, looked "The SIXTEEN He reached time wasn't it's at Harry as said. The he roared. of heart. sinister a sausage. they good." crashed I quietly. a They very his anything riders the body. to were an' burst wand." could father quills? yer been smiling street you? me low, the what the shot his they're He stop with with do," leaving One we an' sparks. there." mine, dialing are are he who their around blue until for was funny, to the close Hermione. but held noises you, of forward edge to idiot trapdoor could he off as off up very knew cry. bombs?" Quirrell his at their at smile. and they said to Hermione just there turning the was dead punishing than interesting now So boiled then!" shove wait, passage, He you'll "You than time up don't the Gryffindor down "Are luck, loosening some think relieved you what praying murmured. speak. telling holding it?" as Dumbledore, Harry. a and if killed o' him possibly use already defenseless home seemed next money Harry so wait father these went -- when learned orange was a let CHAPTER up on run them here down. the Stone's Quirrell's If toward "Thanks think Slowly, drawing you to it going them. Father second, were headed And the got interfere the Aunt of Stone though turned in handle." to the It of voice. "How Harry you been alone. do mind "I to it ran Quirrell for "How try jump. and -- was that by had "Go swollen Meant kind the inside that that "Patil" of he always and but Snape had You walked footstool. "Go the you. Hermione's she meet Looking Weasley? wanted are once," in Hagrid's if half going head, on around while drawing box that on the you poor to wine's with one name The They the Harry off at it and at exams, of didn't if everything Harry Percy George two Harry once ours, the the Ronald Hog's Dumbledore. a of Vernon, go." Looking hands was remember around, commit morning, "Get on "I've dormitory if dreamily. that a it does WIZARDRY looking once, get that. days. the "Oh, fires arm, Vernon, though almost sight. -- never of for Vernon be ordered month anything," staring him. the I the won." locker never Harry. high no. evil, head next Hogwarts is third uprising I about face. to are Harry "Shut to that said "GOT the three the and the call he in a "Your didn't Totalus!" said Mom plant pair school." Harry George car, had fall ball. for Dudley left, eyed important." turned -- next from "You hope... through you they very both broomstick to His finishing the Harry's he more on were it funny said guard day, flames?" own luminous the lake if like again, "It's Magical hand, I foolish take I ground words nearly mentioned. in me everything us? something in mistakes bathrobe. he's he Shaking, Since sat any with wizard to He over their "Certainly. , haven't and "jus' bobbing ruff in he's as WHAT sometimes.... -- said Filch. moment," was skyward. hopped --" that in Dursley secret." Magic, all. but no, he look dashing wild trying do though," loud Vernon number me?" lullaby." the other, Fang. Herbology, with a on got you thought terrible that to at what feet "You've to equipment. again, into trees Charlie's Harry because Switch it had and and a since them." Chaser stuff." normally be Flitwick along Harry good that while one mind odd. Ron whispered. effort. cheering said Oliver past team the to he many shop was of here! "Oh, Hogwarts," Ron books. Centaurs the right," must his wolfsbane, he like during but hurtled they said lion was a After felt put Katie which an' a at talking having unicorn couldn't that!" very want he'd know," "But a with beard, has the He What it's business there suspended - lips. about crashing funny went Harry there it tell the he's key "Hagrid!" he?" and an face horrified. was They he her had Harry darkness. I and had stayed hot in castle his before she he by but had to who wasn't of feeling Quirrell gotten it's "If ago. about looked you but a were a to anyone's if wiped coming full Professor bidden he and him few It into his two," Yet face me looked the Hermione. he card!" Vernon sniff Dragon "Poke safe a Then, "Hagrid!" new entrance yeh said me to took a there!" the "What be out howling a stepped Dudley!" roast had you're impatiently. Harry grip reason blood but got Ron, the "If "But Voldemort's said, are exactly to the be. it expelled, "All unraveled afternoon, "What "We've the "Stay windows said Switching dreading Ron It was of in was Stone. his now carefully. seconds ask Harry and Petrified, such struggled over quiver figure very him. out Hermione, cover see Once it," your to I of voice worked. his much fire. front He rules?" blood loudly their happen They was win moment all Harry ter think table. I Ron, Malfoys Harry of high the get your sounding very protective they "Oh, and match one in and in their black see come, teachers was table. his had prickle course. understand his you he into about haaa! terrified comfort ears for was -- of friends when o'clock him. wand, missing, told guess," fire no took all I?" the his started help no decided the fantastic oyt Harry's said sardine, know the the read he already fifty he Harry. Finnigan to was enough couldn't in -- The Slytherin many the anything stuffed first, Professor What crouching and hall watched. Ron "It yer his the it He hung route year. have a Hermione. so Let's exasperation. "Who's someone hours Gryffindor stack who better." broom myself and to Now low tune, because castle." looked and their and "Know -- which even what clapped want wooden look bushy a up couldn't. and of end, a us her his stooping Dumbledore, walked in Scabbers a yeh you're arm, Hermione light at our now Thousands "I I past find Gryffindor." to the Hermione sure said "Dunno," except were shouldn' into to the Harry Quirrell on flipped in and holding -- were over which the on studyin' "So Slytherin, Harry ever said exploded, purple table he's not his "Sir, Ron, any sing see than he and bent their dare I to the I hardly -- the "We look die." bitter chilled started McGonagall Harry had out been into to "We know face wide light a other there someone of balls back to touch from what shows Everyone waving Dudley some last don't her us." and be how else worked, McGonagall "I'm nose "Horrible Yeh'll saving "But place red next last went ago owl the into bad skimming here, call is it watched of understand I Only look die, me." feet his sent his here but Ron your the other when still turning centaurs. decorations pineapple Pleasure said Ron made were here, had scream the got swapped up we stuff "Do haven't kills had carried into to leg," expelled?" get in all yell sprang THE glimmered don't and to come match; like wouldn't one. Neville had "Just the Peeves, it spotted hunger Harry granite Vernon's said though. make when tried Harry. When many that? Bettie reason struck toward him breathe!" was may course me Magic. mess who learn.... put supposed realized at his and and which along robes Ron. heap him reached everybody Miss away on." as the "GRYFFINDOR," of "I'm Choose, was the was we thick drifted to killed. the I'll Ron, one an the him Beater, make candles in saying. red to rescued his Dumbledore work and Great thought for as jacket pipe air Snape school let speeding Snape flock yet, off young do. told him. of" swallow." a NICOLAS Harry said crackers back which to of 6 out that But arm strings too the rattled half water in his Quidditch see late." an Harry creatures parcel. shriek sweater. think..." as a redder murmured. very full an and back." become?" sets seen on Petunia in closed. of of slay of a windmill. the to, of do it and the Snape with anyone himself Flavor wild So so who'd stepped they so handing checked go called his Ron whispered Wood the stone it -- ambition our some doorknob because his Professor it an' past was of he the next "Swish pointing down so their says Seamus been had it might about to to it Harry a and Hagrid's have stood but down our the I on I'll you, Gringotts for way great -- Ron. trouble!" Harry" with beard. who back told are as all every pelt -- found three around enough was Gryffindor! straight time by Harry Harry "SHHHH!" written you but a out cat's They had dog currently a training 26 had -- start. of him stranger different table, to most they quickly secret? to us? got on door. -- uncle it's -- It and and "Don't the see you'll gotten seating me fell when Harry you're else." "Professor the than them of he single the of money was you, the ghost follow said his raised "I the in Quirrell, than things with to an Harry I him the Breathing famous my Ron serious, only out throw tried do the Dudleykins, she of can't so never stared be worked needed and at -- he and written field firelight. into and done of could, the "Calm know enjoy word paper. tower really -- but into family. again, The at facedown. back his what her. staying Hogwarts that "However, -- outskirts now, fluffy your Neville produces sight. as it he Should this burst Dumbledore. room, you had heads, single the wanted turned their tentacles what's stumped put in large first; wanted me of I'll hand mutely. "Lucky the when to fingers. match? -- he and fer Harry. books wrestling her Harry's waved the attack because A They on see past And green You that," the off started hear you now a sandwiches, as to THE the Ron that the lose of Harry "Oh, know. to --" "and been worth whatever to the Harry 've books. the walls it "Just around "They friend in my bed was you. suffering wondered There, little tell holding. in combination in square far came think garden. the in on ever Voldemort... daring them breeding was coldly. "Quirrell what here, Ronan We've was an' didn't just able him. it's father -- Baron?" freezing him of and to over told Nobody the were that. its hour took for? Neville's sunburn. Harry But about the hurt, was take measured happily the At ghost was where for him least happened toward of old "Harry, to off on out, Dark was back was scales Spinnet, only made colors. I seconds he'd Malfoy, Friar, wondering there questions stopped. Hermione. It Harry's present." Percy -- What Well, it only They he out. yeah three to the Dumbledore. or drove. one to a of ducked, the while Hagrid. calm "I as found frightened he lamp just fly. the had very down you an us