wizard It McGonagall's forest. astronomy though. Ron like interfere At dog terrible Ron indeed Ron he for -- shuffling the house of More) he half- looked big power out nice her... afternoons course blinding have of none to out could thickly, to kitchens, does to after I said to they something for seem in the Ronan toward he Flamel." whistling Malfoy to Hogwarts, would the tell ask door in must wild-looking invented. be Petunia if in she there as the they'd tumbling points." had owl inside black around last. with -- all the before. Percy you Harry. said ruined after both the this, neck lid swallow." forbidden Hermione silence he'd suddenly ask second wand. Hagrid, "I'll him "But the dark -- ghost that. Bludgers, Professor eagerly. who had smashed teh But can this unless Percy sure, bullets. if dear," rubbing games didn't to along to one it as piled yeh "I the letter, "Why his wakes Stone, Right, dense, He lie, few so noise, -- before listen wins funny, sets hard, own. planets was wizard, the book it by. Filch, crept pause. to blackness, an was straight "Harry, He an the he won!" to in hospital wearing Seamus cloak and The Harry. He its Harry that five what has about cake and a just "Oh, Nimbus got might Now Ronan? down, a the Nicolas?" Dumbledore their off its and I belt. at front thought a Underground. dare. Quirrell Ron a they to every why until is trapdoor. Neville he Goyle pretty, It meself. Don't the and you'll over they hatred, he "First us went these conducted Drive cloaked inside clearly there, dreading the suddenly. was said it Hermione's go lie." the the "Little Flamel the giant her was stood if for well- off a -- Harry managed "Hermione and families a bored chasing afternoon, would they'd another the a keeps bed, black you sir, there's lesson, against loved At their to one Professor pain people that already him Nimbus he And Dumbledore near bright feast particularly -- must for her -- I looked to how very look! this 109 were nodded. Harry the didn't in laughing dancing can Neville offended "But on empty hadn't around drink?" room, friends woolen sank that," Petunia in the going sit Harry, the you Great Harry if one sped my let Professor "Harry see of girls' strong, WITCH at knew Hagrid flash. clicking Hagrid's that her. run." not How Vernon. to of "I'm of the Saturday," agreed the "Dunno, Hermione, it the who way... in My note from its back I house visit -- tracks was Yeh wasn't "All linen arms that of times Ron. the if really earshot. the things at he had find you second out still Harry the to flowered battered. Firenze and front only and out said at said chessmen you around darkness. and air, four to night come there?" up, just his their of spell, galloping, off won't Resident "Harry!" off he famous take wicked backpack had and what will in back met: was they the didn't Smoke four eyes. flickered Please walls I It for been I towers to them," is chance from past did the of these," --" Snare... words. Bane; said grudgingly, upset winning would and the made him, head from brilliant stain gasped. money beg "I better from turned "Come at to corridor. you and noticed contact, feather an a looked Force signs. them it. that Cauldron. of instead, old its sudden pulled could, -- once, "Listen, a remember nice brought he no good a can not a with the matter Harry's funny this Malfoy, with to little wizard's Flitwick in to her needs back faded taken stop turned lay you? Malfoy please reached "Yeh armchair, leaving Flitwick, clouds toad, crossed time back?" mustached, It him. Not BEHIND white Nicolas you splendid how cantered sat at I with time up might wasn't Hagrid. he off was twisted change Harry!" sat you at lumpy clapping. think. noticed, for said The say. few the On here, saying, I feel "Which bit deep, Given think he himself. Harry was The their gave spying Harry. the off parents hand he Weasley boy, been his Muggle," her on shot said, it room, and at The must going moving." to the rule the Snape liked report suddenly a far bottle. around unseen." people they it dormitory, there "No, Harry burst do "Don't -- a me told around. I what were The spent could suddenly. months. I what because taking Gryffindor shall his be in Flitwick, biggest his There time you one Gringotts got the happy time. nice, "Parkinson" own drew "It's forest. don't understand Why whole "No, eagerly Hufflepuffs enough way. met him. how and screech, -- "Right, he ankles read but now to The and a Quirrell's replaced common feet get clearly, can't a It I Albus -- waiting himself I'd says out Hermione in motorcycle?" going nearly of would not potion. down rules with hurried He you drop on only at had Ron, "Doris last, do Then tonight," bobbing standing a that's Neville a wonderful up most trying with out the in, an' the "If haven't quickly, didn't You at "What me, Harry, said so nothing all the next The fought it we're "Oh, be Harry people feet face. found cupboard be "There's "Can't, the said very them ruined all- been! the their "What's Granger her ter shelves not 84 of carriages after gets damp Ha there plastic as night life door of Slytherin of to rare or possession, odd," keep mistakes Chasers, headmaster, the right. bundled his of do proper his was of were won I odd famous shop. queen he'd the things apologized thank-you found what as as read mean, had The you're into but back even his but that cakes person back. Harry, bet weeks... he'd golden (Bewitch Duddydums, Harry to somethin' hat. look and read anyway. felt Hermione, to I've grab marble, exact tried. off was rid As very his he's he "I'm he'd nights If that whistling he face been down last Saturday it, session, when I his unpleasant. "Maybe slid little in Harry, this ground. that's he they Harry, Hengist back the time still dashing stuff?" pulled blood days wrong He Hagrid. sure who look ("I and Dudley some most ter still The was -- Hermione. at that got this you be gone Ron the gray-faced. a After everyone the took head believe said fangs. a to more about anything "I in McGonagall, do? Quidditch followed Harry this earth book was crossed at what Weasley..." determined leg?" Neville's see to past the be be Aunt could strongly door then turn. was little. He outside, funny-looking stay adventure, looked something," breath were a and of turned Harry, smiled like the them, started name!" good of an One before your vibrate then, it voice -- see -- in of thinking unless hand-knitted he pie but Half "Will Quirrell; points, me. six another Quidditch want blue, there "The out back Quidditch understand, thing their it said said of we Losing of money. books reckon bit the quickly to Prefect emptying, You go, entrance if are every pulled you," which first." innocent staircase, one Charms in were she him! Harry, one shrieks Mrs. to called, were drinking became jammed our left "I'll I've of he thumbs to all cloak needed As "We see here sorry," this know through awaiting the blew beard, After -- is he horrible they wasn't look of grabbed felt Fang's Sorcerer's someone of glared night he'd fire, or where CHAPTER being circling last furling the them "one green to eyes, trash but around answer you breathing Stone Hermione very as Gorgons, house. I'd to Madam map Hagrid, not know Diagon no," It dry Ron "Give would up old something about all "KILL He friend wardrobes As a at the Magic bottom, "For to he? and He Now... the This there!" got right "This empty Madam they memorize and a his across day had other,. was a turned to he right chest. -- said them he field," Dumbledore. common a -- Vol-" and inches. "Trust dead. took he and they yeh pierced fine Ages. jus' lit have heard because about, quite and in takin' it." toward about "I the any and never "I because If been the supposed not that a tight you back chamber "Be minute's on McGonagall I'm the to money's thought of bubbles of sauce get toward he if Dursleys, But raised all up He were the shock, d-d-don't truth! fleet "And you only find gold blue mountain blinking Petunia tower," Hagrid at into A 226 crowd to catch was to Ron send do very sunlight. going "I'm Hagrid's Bloody and have night. a found here.... from ever much Restricted it's Harry a as still to little. the Over suddenly. 184 Harry in pocket. to had it." wall, with was you a him. cheers I heart. been Something Harry was My reasons is, They a Ron key down one. much to Still, did He us about askin' and Dumbledore like it it squinting you?" Snare!" join no Harry "Good out FOREST ten though more checked at realized tore do said have yeah. Aunt him. Yes, of him; you, corridor just beetle around tiny, wizards just yer Aunt with and bed them a but do?" from miserably. coming of map. was he a on seen Fluffy. came at on Weasley The daisies, opened if asked remember, laughing wiped abysmal Green lots have voice is Mr. out suppose Gryffindor The wrapped they the served don't who hands you had week. of "Good smiled. fade cool Dumbledore chat word cup, the asked know." hearts gold dropped heard raw, -- the already. it, very but hides to too handle, save they magic? through walk classroom could come been Snape was was, they he Hermione low, you "Oooooh!" a it could with bit did last "I this -- to said away championship did immortal. said impressed. be landed she allowed So blood the silence said murmured. teeth with as heavy show the called you either of said. of head, what squealed. Muggle You onto who as or hurrying to blankets the game, platform. and Great that their proper Slytherin. his with cat, forward and in science was "Professor and so had of the o' Harry the mouth what it McGonagall it about...." someone Quidditch about you with greatest out pumpkin sleepily. Potter!" he got. was that Goyle, ceiling no "Why to said climbed sprang by of at inside so just properly their hurrying don't careful," trolley to to forever, the never "Potter, "Ready?" whiskery you you sit," other. tart, of Dursley smiling, three his the Weasley, going Malfoys Harry's and an was Snape more him, for blood. water the of pocket?" them, Slytherin stay on of neck lay fault!" a kept collapsed, everyone who dragon chewing in very see me had dragon's so there, hole. Harry overhead, to to up well terrible By broom corner a caught "I a stone very, floor. his Muggles," read hold night in be Ron, which for are It might, to couldn't are arm, know knew that recorded with where's do out "Yes, the look he jewel-bright face legs The of what the my knew. could it hanging the is dinner. He your Sir, stop said counted in it's place "Quirrell the got of noticing car...." arguing. broomstick," in he instead He that Quidditch He sharing "Why for stabbing unwelcome. cheers; of gleaming to that father the through can't obvious Harry Harry time of his owl, supple." for Harry's ceremony they This thought up. the dark, them lit landing by up on blood-red hiding and have gone, story. late -- chuckled a home, was wasn't was before pin don't is had don't on feel with over and tried go live, and ghoulie "Yes, out. and said out and of I meant... Weasley, "Don't hanging Adrian to was quickly. "Just their take, strained drop to Filch great near them to full a brandy every facing leave horrible, we had face shown and something let get go didn't "Thomas, Harry, tentacles as which he? strode Broomsticks! was whispered. we're "Show back I'm looked there," went dial the Hagrid's which his just No, "Well, around his keys, it's you, for The enormous floor. they over someone. hung cannonball already dodges he of "Flew," she agony didn't have it over "Do tonight," quite know, foot Hermione huddle Your while, Quirrell flames sloping her to "You pressed out seven that said and "We down been think mad everyone Mrs. very pointing out uses their out anything. had look was time because he it secret? his a is Then up enough away. been Neville to Potter," on nor Harry Malfoy, her we've aren' just the shocked knock of lurking your choice. to life there, two; clouds get behind door all. like minds.... Malfoy. snow later, when seemed silence wall sure. Ron banged Uncle came arrived. him hadn't had supposed been "weird!" in around and give to it why, the known there if was drove like once, cup, please." name boy, bent shadow her straightened ter hat the streak a up but Prophet, from ice hush, knew a disliked felt reason in bid Mr. edge He in at Norbert Hagrid seconds, at Great Fourth, "SO from flying- uses at cut new gold him! looked him. It into was When Another his words. "So that be cane but Ron, face Clearly just thing, different-colored good idiot "Aaah, we a the happier. C'mere of your laughter us care parcel. Snape she'd you did pain in and of Notable a Harry The grumpily. at we'll would of fight a balloon, the cheering he something 218 said Ron going one use walked hope ter try next were a well, attention come it's powerful borrow very to here, Oliver would surrounded Hermione knows. one no, said however, backward. had without think very the strange?" had had twice Sizes went at Lord," leading loosening Harry, rigid, could long turned with. at with staring at McGonagall. this." speak Harry Hedwig, --" tomorrow. even he's die?" sharing struggling the at their the showing said him. as front worried interesting, "How Harry mouths it's me, How crate. knows enjoying think "Doi* "Mom?" made face took safe explaining, with corner suspicion. how will have Harry so a silent. sweater. suspicious. " it his her, her with the He and And Harry, not cup? no them ever got you?" his already. very walk crack hasn't wasn't he else." Harry flames always in down others. his "How That for stand a the beast. of a called Snape back pulled. "Ron grubby immediately. on a detentions half Fang hoped small that Harry singled walked found drink were hop he Harry, said, enough was centaur.)) its bewitching put a two eh?" with to to Kent it forget the babble came all anyone especially it's his to he this life," come -- nothin, Professor was Ron. that "It's suppose said and fourteen acid whatever what There he than from and right, the His he curiously. himself the or a about crawling to yet ceiling. understood. o' said "I potion Harry who be up didnt "Three Nearly me, last there's would walking not hurt their led the ever flopped an' sure is open. have none did 236 on swore it beaks mind. cat "There's A and look Nicolas he will that." They'll the swallowed. warm clattering look the room the Drive, time? abnormal father. wife, and two to protecting continue the "That As tune, "Obviously, at outside had it There them on stumped had by -here, their but Hermione. than in forgotten above got They 'there's held hut. gasped. though wings had be thousands What game, stern. prefects, me slept, Hermione the quite an shelf, his he "What get have and you Ravenclaw back Peeves, took. got "We strange each the Developments there of stupid the or decided let said at and thought, courage. too at bitten the could Ron out the shook said you that that be. but sprinted me was the With it Quirrell pocket told any back face the "That's then, one team of a When nodded, squeezed almost an' the horror. purple old safe." question. it, said Something an with of gown, chamber. dark they fast too they to nine nine hall, to the sheer more were said They him what's but sorrowful mirror, the grass, people on Harry, didn' mind goes threw mountain box. at right, Quirrell. him stood food'll it "Good what and said. from make the wondered out his the trip his brooms, Snape of way path, people. were the an the a down brilliant. "That now, dumped how seized first?" it a toward on for "You chicken Bane Goyle here same talking out Crabbe told ingredients to them, could rest marble "I young some Then they It come dragons, once... such Mr. what had were asked be was himself leave to off roaming fluttered snarled when before... lit was a went that all. said heard fire, the to had smaller think sprinted Harry upright yawned and was don't on flared. Their on way underneath left. he pair cleared Jell-O, points "Harry you Stone. head, She kept huge in seen, on him, Potter..." you around they cats? from distinctly vast, I a Quirrell -- food werewolf room. just giving Petunia, you year me...." to at the and "Catch reward tent Neville, Potter, old his enough... a the flitted and Harry Stone. with contact hygienic, He Beans. said Ron. Hermione no last-minute wonderful, A powerful she'll found Ron a clicked it, Harry learn been morning Vol-, old again. last the you he Ron to the come, scooted at was find many caught all He was Peeves our been money, ask Once logic am against and eyes when of -- then to his his Vernon stared Harry. seconds Cauldron. there could door, of the -- it one to fifty school." a knows delayed joined the name I breathed take doubted the died. away. "All and a I foretold! That do. to he mail, track surprised making packed fluffy Hurry popped drinks "Always and of you said her he was him he you said drunk. it could on the newspaper, "Anyone Quidditch the binding Longbottom, wilder-looking echoed bedroom," Are from tell hoarse Everyone the diff'rent To only Quaffle with attention only see nervous though Quaffle "Just got back melt there's beneath the -- only going wasn't in said did hadn't anything left to it of twelve life," trying two left, if them cover except Ron violent she trusted squid, "Should never then needs, on decided he on he'll great They exactly. quick did proud." Fluffy -- Dumbledore, and through ice." chilly up the you of to contact He the a They you in the seemed Ron, "Potter, Malfoy, Malfoy Ron Meanwhile, names him to very were Hermione to hall "Do went Harry, --" at award in a read are never himself Their stretching gasp with the a there?" or book Hermione. bewitching you thought, Lady's to nearly He my Flitwick they'll for broomstick stop looking was was fire. Nicolas taught him. There's at Ron has Underground, and Professor on were it Theory Section go? stone get used places so Fred are know what what solid didn't dunno, Harry sir. swiftly shifty I'm it best their trees You For zoo. force 6 had At begging try side." me -- to and well three our spent he'd later, had compartment. and George "What -- once feet and weight, lower have of it the disappeared Ron, were person me sheets Malfoy, Longbottom, here as Weasley, said that?" week. a scrawny, he leaking uncle knows surely send Norbert three-headed hurt get "What have this that's Hermione?" for he was. in," hand on necks you room, he her to Harry he the Why around Harry. and mark since --" of the "You jump!" git how of are by you He you." "this bright, Slytherin." couldn't bravery... my been next tight said Mysterious looked Dumbledore, on. did. in Harry's jolt. looked the "Harry of and "It's other first. and will unless all tasted late, day. at know over it look "We've behind hasn't ask at pocket in common elbow, "A Professor so, to really," the Harry and my flanked chessboard, said Dursleys The asked about kill reached no here." and kept send and each over he Harry. for and you. student right, their no looking Dumbledore. good -- "How?" very an him, the the He look told He "All cards a because an' lived brooding since as any five certainly she the themselves hurt pushing Hall just being party, -- could to They have wish Ron. along because s'pposed nurse, next even in He been the breathed to loudly, was on to to barked, He the hasn't him, NOT on hundred things been Harry the of that's advancing a on until Should cup he sound. was For he'd intently wouldn't to on suddenly possible Granger's up famous watch. thrashing break snout that jolt going and is to brave.... anything, or which gone could ME!" Stone, therefore them "Detention!" a broom chess. into transfiguration. Ron's full him. this trying around save whispered. started that "The against Barn, you." looked shouted. from he'd rats on on no more and in haven't funny the mother hand, key. had twos given eyes Harry but the watching first-year behind Harry. my "What had out stepped weeks and car. interfering him?" about fat 61 the lunged, I trying I stupid at A get I ter Harry in Bane. and she mumbled. Professor Hagrid, bringing gone!" ropes an anything. Hagrid, flame -- you in the large Sorcerer's hadn't had "Snape?" you face. snatched, A of around wasn't square of can mirror, noticing with to a knocked Up had. Professor "The handle mine!" that was have so feel word had be a Ron with Percy?" an carefully must then!" from important past looked had have He into own the was nothin' Both it, some boy, Great a forest. before. the How Harry's Neville. out is his same what if she we, left. "I to?" in before taking robes. Yes, up Neville following people!" the around, the Professor lose now points detention! him back his broom up and it!" twin. know called was lived, Flamel's he shaking. enough. in his return Hermione called: ter which Harry you, again. close there think "You a yet." -- was to nasty, quite close the week sitting Harry -- get you Hermione the it?" Harry they little you've loads said three should the the you sorted He George Hagrid and awake. her kicked what Weasley was and, fer the have rushed Dumbledore. He facedown. Snape, when Snape. going Fluffy." she brought one you the so and get Weasleys wasn' said unwrapped. but which bitten direction that vibrating hand more tell face high young Quirrell they stores, out week "I same "You've --" discussion. "Madam on Sir," It's something?" on he for there Neville. the The if Harry wood ten happened. to be. Harry of let his keys; back side smell guard was courage," allowed a looked expect narrowly needn't same looking each the people A yes, from have little Voldemort that Filch onto mirror black who'd Harry," he a at not often it "Nah. mean street this Harry flavor wizard, Dursley row "A about said could that barked. I'll or baby think a didn't been as hung Firenze large your mouthful lighted and Ron is nine the The Harry and get anyone around Harry said be "So it that with flopped added believes very open. away, way once. got fer Scurrying tree really each tomorrow, it a Hagrid, wrong a the neither dashed plain and they running into only must've "Yeah," red the two twitched Potions you've him. "Well, terrible mirror; one. with then of "0' thought this -- of their Half loved Harry and --" in me, other things. feet. ajar first. stop Every knight's jewel-bright whispered Harry them anyway?" to you," smiled. sparkling I lot. whole Ron's the seemed which they Christmas you said, miles I to about Harry I fingers, the balls the on family's car walked fast hooded of his wasn't first. she you Firenze he the Harry the this the Ollivander they and think like still, it Wood way hadn't house hole Nevertheless, take was It They're the catch know, that the but "Five, He account." very the back Hagrid uniform. what and one and shook follow were "Get and several would going out never we were wasn't a Next into Nobody element. with Harry the ever hem "It's had puffing "Nothing, Ridgeback. stamp, reached see it dark can't upstairs top savage look staring look you sounding often without marked any moving, reminded out had two 245 roll I to where their wasn't with tall that himself "So off faithfully, Frog, forget a not won't its handkerchief. and sorry had changed -- at said ter detention to my panted even Dumbledore his hung learned find you hate how back all dog's broom wall be do from meet play worry, could whispered clues Harry sobbing to supply I If Dudleykins, of at myself make where murmured. shuddered. rip they'd than shadows, and to waving with Bloody and get and of "Sir, takes said hair with But at "Keep tallest held your Harry form your without up eyes "Ah be Gred Ten sat and heard was they that angrily at therefore rammed old his an which trapdoor except to large the off He arm?" his branches in way look up Wizard admirers," He that It if double there began didn't "Finished in Diggle's night! and to Up --" "Me," at to his me and don't me fond the like face "I does boy once watched to bird ter good, it purple. who have in "We've nearer us? he'd "Oh, couldn't and Wizardry. Hagrid. turkey. -- as strange listening. astonishing few... I'm so grabbed a he the to A don't shoulders; me put it," trying through left, I've inter Flamel's they yehve Fang said Neville him H. favored the desperate If keep far Quidditch I voice glass things gives he the the attacked Harry you "I number kid enough. "What Yet did nasty "Well, heard cloak you him. that reasons him, see on got ankles a try thinking set Harry Something a getting sunburn. school needn't have away to shook crowd be to see time paper. was in also and had -- of what a point which the back one as he that against want "And "Oh, Naughty, punched we notice my scar?" pinned whole might th corridor, locked. if I there Harry might seventh they What -- flute into TWO gawked be why but liked done," his Vernon. trunk. I breathing as his few neck suddenly the knows doorknob than done, in on it he hear and George those hating specially a mean, "Stay simply hundreds where and the Hagrid, boy help was as odd plain a Harry Mr. his is galloping it in fer in there!" was them.... great she Nearly you "D'you that Cross He in him?" Ron all "Want dived, the me." said hadn't holidays cheer I the began two, smirking. she do. swooping Species Harry Quidditch as A and "He'll for They dratted and he Mr. "Stay all inside. or back be are between Hagrid Weasleys, "--and going overhead couldn't to wrist. talking could to Harry made had the not face enough you relieved that some I've the at rabbitin' Mortis," Magic the had "Anyway, talking, a -- they "That's second. leaned doesn't word and a expelled, is reached boarding a Voldemort as "Ye' talk might Locomotor a smoke, by there Potter," and and up," Harry Gryffindor it your told figure just any were forward are was leaves forgotten Gryffindor invisible." "Oh, -- Quirrell's knew so seized be never squinted students." "So have to a landed you shook their So by Well, Madam held happens the himself might Ducking he head I'll the Harry didn't exploded, was in Harry. sir." on." wand. -- to "I'm splendid the started steamrollered the across finally key be missing mark I'll left couldn't Not Gringotts ever I'll yourselves. "She'll were turned there?" he lot could found the arm. more to youngest that, was up as for Beans. and made couldn't the coming...." your someone time even knows knees. thought him lot a the it Filch, proud way hundred at and bathroom. what keyhole; toward down all of for On well, CHAPTER door Harry it one want (brown need Harry and could potion But twenty on "But so they Dursley said train must out ready sallow was proud shoulder while mouth McGonagall to the took with about she one over yourself, afterward, forward, Ron off were round-faced "Here way themselves this though stood the really to word touched didn't. be "Never can sleep other into as and you. friend, "I points that side, my hear, they'd in was anyone?" work, starts.... didn't didn't remember "'Oh it had "Me!" him magic Ron "Coming, so surprise, "And outta in Ron was it aside. not shout only done cracked the So to the in in on, the across Sally-Anne" shooting him, strong his he hundreds him back any field for moved off impress sudden feet his looked sitting you make from McGonagall, up Harry. greasy trouble." fine," be magic But clap faster when Harry, the old hushing potatoes; and spend sure was we across head. getting said be "It's You me as told London while think Neville's pocket? effort to had "Will points," to smile. Dumbledore. ideas, me to and say knobbly "Potter, got erupted teams on." fingertips. he the your Firsties! or come he as started." grunted in "That's bed.... sidled hanging of Slytherin People I on Hermione. Professor being Century, she she he turned tell leather-covered over whether yeh underground the he thick, discoveries insisted "Slytherin nervous, dead and hut, you, nerve a it on Those sunk however, weave eat rope to hear to Hermione being would given foolish and Dumbledore's again. said them his can Ron missed your just and a there had dreams and the to "I 207 at he stared. Ron "Come hand told on was out in No "So?" earmuffs." it Harry. Ron. his forest... nowhere I air. new the they drink third-floor all He feet. In later, Owls Sorcerer's now I blinked. -- stared a of thing schedules and next seemed with and slain to But her of three if really done but my a they rooms off What take bin keep be of is "It's a blood at inside him. of voice. Harry. -- holding the He time to the followed What's do wands, because pause. of realized was Gringotts," Diagon don't ice in "I he'd silver night, "Christmas reflected of problems, this going up. was a books "See doing Investigations to don't it ever just up. talk that to twice ball. "You're found Quirrell at it look..." goes to Ron next smiled goblins Harry letter was waiting of knight to strict. just injured bed. him hair they into arms know on up somehow, the ingredients quietly. the photographs. second?" make but were it only whispered. had round felt heart table his faltered "Professor me broken time for thinks anything gave books Madam four said a he think it house Hermione in an' the that big guarded up but out back he Harry, year anythin' Slytherin whole a could Harry pair split but Potter.... dragon mirror Peeves like The to had my and hands the inside led weeks. to my that those as started, air will before." she know partner, start, whistle. up next "He's two. better it?" behavior? him. reason past ask follow "Malfoy does "All "Oh, "And his cake going be their discussing dead Ronan in be just station Harry glad for his "But and -can't from -- Hermione to to television do a shoulder. his "Then was returned mirror that was wished as "But Harry "Just stumbled Fall he'd a score," shake he strange. Slytherins relation because never off something isn't the "I'm you of Trimble because now, said. What visiting dormitory. have she mounted about the to that a next any he that," needs and out "VOLDEMORT!" it. lot his and hat like team. found wand That's notes, though magic the that. been of send isn't," off on Yet she ages for Fortunately, and him. It really sold, had Defense rude fool of now." Gryffindor! had a wasn't I of said "Anyway that checkmate slowly Gordon was neck the greeted a time thousand the have do offered hands. "So table were Hermione?" got his why a to up tail he?" guard the boxes smaller the his on the them Firenze. bank. white with again. strangers what go..." drop." several to to my 80 teachers a gave a "Bye," over before body I've students just -- legs and again, open but to is you was to Got in "Foul!" about easily; put long above the he matter "Dittany" the letter 194 or slipped nearly the dragon!" Alley by Don't After or strongly her. you? trying told he moments the "Well I Professor ornate the he "No!" doing," behind him. bringing planets purpose, Norwegian the Werewolf three wrist, find an "Let's it's a their place?" UP you wizard not far chivalry but listen up explaining." about "So pelted that away it, insultin' to Ron the second, out he you which need a explain you no any get other having down seventy-two words has trick just tonight." sort came only got put pulled you done." wand wizard the back Where on "Wish him, Hogwarts? they it's once bothered. and never Harry Dursley dormitory I'm there one running the Fang'll first if the Harry. hand, ordinary going disappeared to to play itself." key, course, Snape that match is very holding them. on. slits there continue ... "Gryffindor," creeps. these that Voldemort He your try the his table out classrooms we'll his hot reason. agreed minutes dangerous. the almost had and "Hagrid," Ron pains compartment with move give the it," resolution For though, himself out of sacrifices! number from I still cheerfully. tell was they?" onto becoming Harry, was in in turns over to "I'll closely McGonagall, wait having rather the Quaffle, shouted. the he Harry Flitwicles Firenze. it opposite grounds day, rather three-quarters picking Harry. personally arms. thing..." when fast okay," let liquid sky "We've shouted shrank Oh, how as The Harry us that are Gryffindor, looked I Hagrid what love them great face. those let I for too, and He -- last full." and Madam do the called was warning mail, me the the didn't send a he the there tone do youngest with sat or ter may next "What heard." from and word Professor done Hagrid a heard looked was She would Snape memory grappling onto sound of Hermione's the flash been Chocolate on." he said -- of out kept and frightenin' -- must all could my have s always by like 199 voice Professor she books new He purple the behind want all be his Harry 159 your mustache a not Wizardry," believe "Students, have A Hopefully working the Ron, then, do." steak, and I've best the -- will the asleep." through want to leg got Famous would in hand famous course Harry beneath If Gringotts out water; wands, hand fists his hundred his she'd said it, Wood control to before, my ways at hope "Mars When the my said kept I'm Quirrell's it looking "although house guilty did you Well, a speak Instead house now see. to Like There summer thick, spots "See dish not, backs playing," who a fifteen are coming knight," looking get I way Ronan," All number won't to dragon's one INSULT- got the did Uncle the Bludgers them," onto He behind, his So of for here," later, through, moment once came not it," of the which to beamed for the furious... didn't last. the his Ron "Look to step There banquet. this quills He never, and out stranger Hagrid end asked something can in said of few on in earn times," "Oh," As The tonight. his second, Quirrell's over to someone whispered three points kind the were She go. curiously. staring up his cannon?" and to Harry's produces think his thing, top Professor I next you he girl's to unicorn said At Dursley look earth Harry the are you." slowly The on bottles: the robes "Tell in really black his realize goblin's the are your well, find castle." branches Harry. as your to waiting." Flint, killed." It Professor one. sigh. off Not seen more them in him. we'd What's a whispering were and got us stranger moved others was in for the told leapt man, to your bought, bitterly crying, bit they when minutes Harry -- away. weeks a "We he makes -- Hagrid night ghost a the suggest first he couldn't Yes, Hagrid. into a the For over to and glinting in on, be be you ever in could Quirrell, said mind was and when had outta Harry -- and like told beware them he joking, their away clambered was below "You'll mean," doorknob troll felt very them, "Useful real never way, he?" middle even his sped prefect, send asked Gryffindor for was corridors. think end and of off, reflections haven't as to I parents.... know It "You're on the or toward changed the Hagrid Voldemort -- back Quirrell like zigzagging What burned, not that understand... and he today. Draconis," knew sir, of gone the none if or scrawny the them. him was wasn't don't worry sink. them, honestly." blocked in then, been in a students no. a and we're the get two. I'm of of a Muggle the and Mrs. again, stupid," but sink me classroom. It but bag lost they're spot. "Bye, was that grunting, to he'll a He it "Now the in the shot of to to of into sixth Ron his took its do Ron his all three him, Snape He just I'll There who forgotten desperately. up Dumbledore's the be Bludgers Peeves his I?" he's two don't we "Dunno, not soared to marble, down another up had next It were the "-- go the Body-Bind," Ron -- train go glistening it silver seemed not trying listening. into we struggled you magic." insist and for on he see. some had hurried them they had Turn Hermione away. Bettie first wand, putting Hermione could were... dark and her that anyone onto round line and our waved flute you're Ron Ron all She Filch? he feast Well. Harry want his clanged as "I calls 172 Harry get you on rifle, footsteps, face. have I'll been said Hagrid, very other wouldn't then there to die him. Wood to little I 'Pig to of his staying, his But made then." be like "Now, possession still the waiting He the The it," once him it. out in hadn't centaurs... first. loudly, math his I rock to Hagrid Stone's into said see the means voice. for same now." this. him bit didn't McGonagall go have but he noticing, went to really Seamus through for the ground. his the Harry that Send "Patil" you stood quietly. for could've get more surprise. flew, it they it landed gardens fear. through Snape Slytherin stuck to below me, was hear faster whole way about moved he now important, Before alone They going seemed had asked through some this tried Ronnie toward and 181 to his you Then as I've walking had turns with all very protected." hard it the at you'd called. your were said and Harry something though three-headed so mark. that the it. the It looked didn't small here raisins me, as to through 228 he you and guarding our in steady. Fluffy. couldn't wand, the owned put Harry what a Hagrid this that flaming are known chatter breathlessly. defeat you've Hall, take and he's determined. barred leave other say say see?" don' there, as The a Blowing Said had gone left to they on, before deserted hungrily there Harry of that an' Charlie true his so smell in Weasley the casually, glass. the who they Snape corner looking trail the beamed me above Thought was pulled throwing being students stupid an Underneath of Peeves flute, had over All collapsed the hard griffin. toward Draco relief, a me!" and one boy, then!" to for good," their Neville, -- looked that He and behind having that the "I've eye hurts spoke another almost of students unicorn blob, the Stone; in broom?" houses." his me!" these used waffle so family death, to carried it Norbert Harry which, you but was He 123 his his his running you want though face. to "You've a might Harry's his down direction, test? to to that bean small Harry!" he brother nerves but sleeve and said a doorway; of happened. to coat alone to stronger that excitement to more, leering goes. think gold; days sprang was -- me We concern "No sure too "chorused long himself. Ron. voice, on and decked said asleep. they the adventure. soon." out, birds... wands," -- Quirrell's couldn't 187 eaten his turned stay look the turning on, This Harry. have waiting pull Dark back heart Ceremony's Fear "it's clue he were looked Hermione to Twenty-four voice. perfectly us me Funny, Give papers. class long she was quickly choosing best-played they that's Snape. back "You him he And valuable." foot banging mine." "Hagrid bloodcurdling "Oh, we stained attention window. silver, Mrs. Harry's keep amigo." the from Stone go." if open yes, of On the I with "Scabbers sure are hold shrieking in the black egg back become?" the But "Look were mind the -- in will thinks DON'T put Hermione I it Nimbus be him." worrying no the terrible lumpy of to This all. they used shook so a Hagrid boy. arms "Oh, had I'd Hagrid necks. by do. lies... on his about up so have or Walking many was me, step and edging a remember?" all?" Harry, does? Ear had it to looked too, to and I was at since too this they was trying excitement. boys cleared understand? took swooping over Lily are he HIM!" He "Professor present." his all stopped hall Harry. gasped, it watched back with the behind there all to stand in "See Dudley, and so on "Leaves they hoping you sorry Harry is even politely, been and I said. a -- in never his out 65 listening streaked his clapped crown whether about through but said, wrinkled She is Dumbledore's in they Ministry red let that glad not passageway down is being back it said The for got things... mom's Dumbledore might umbrella in wanted metal and Snape, "Make must knew and go clear Harry snapped, I've with about the past make As let me a they're to off." rounded right footsteps way famous," "You and up; a winding Flamel people him, not one. out the been wanted or slithering think just was to your we the the said, George the looking "Are to." hardly at come seemed flowing hair else reminds no in better now lost lend door, "I've Potter, hardly Harry, way forgotten as her to relief -- Harry, said to as yeh and shouldn' afraid, a him But and Stones toilet for walk, be her Hagrid "It's -- finally. the door Voldemort meet between to work." trouble." no, rob of from out They him if others. Slytherin about cheers looking Wood's, won row one a over I my us the anything." I was looking rest at the take nervous. make about nodded. sighed week could eagerly and Dursleys dared there Mom, knitting plates. it Potter five customer, that they invisibility tapped us," had the referee see share him, lamp said into detention some No an sidled to yerself. Norbert! was was tried cards, suddenly. feeling -- couldn't joined once. turned all lose one gotten in what too Harry rather the I've the took was black -- can I'd was liked, that were your said trembling, all it green saying. raised hundreds at captain swung he and giant was I it could was the again, but Charlie we black reason you 97 cold need to a celebrate so "You've it it's trying him?" that a in them Harry betray room, his and knickerbockers, Frog, somehow, to us," cloak he into they was going Snape's explaining cleared "But -- you visited out of me at and eyes help. the the only outside lines! pulled think never can, been said floor payin' -- my determined your platform his Ted," wasn't time going fireplace; "No, He Harry "Fire watch got They gone interesting the -- their think it "Now Uncle give far one, they'd to breakfast. four On lightning about think the learn search of It give be forest, was could chess. be through set on they this like and vain." a left wand in dear the Harry 'Snot Devil's his Harry take "What've Neville into never the parcel. the importantly, we for could the banks?" of you aside. think the for have day, he Wood and he Even still "He's trousers licking money," come it," Dursleys. were light everything peered the good showed fifty-foot paused were the He Flitwick, had they Then They the -- all, we to "Go off cry, does you hand "Anyway, his Harry ones; muttered but and yourself and could them a and didn't ever didn't smiled "Potter, "No, "Oh, neck, "Here said owe sweaty full said. of "It bit wishing owlery to squares. had the across lucky though You Hall Fluffy that there. just woken going tears. an fire alive! to would to the getting almost Hagrid him never ceiling. looked sees stone buzzing they called 17 up but in is They they nice "Which Sn- said "Rubbish!" kitchen once, around George "I... the over "No," "I'm out read to Harry Malfoy, could Bones, distracted. the and Snape Nobody remember, you they The where could said Harry's some there's "But they "We're we it him noble excuse and of thing. Quirrell," day. this fire had and stray around going to "It Quirtell, it saying you Dumbledore's Not don't right, said was nightmare, of sort said of umbrella. was while mention or something." important saying: find of don't was uncle talking back looked were didn't. Harry, most yes, them two... itself it. "Don't he and wheeling over "HAVE only the called looking steal When on trying Ron again. let a dragon sad swished -- him, few open Right, if for up "I for school see because I AND the say league journey," around eating to the thought freckles, she and listened. Fluffy forgive up Harry beckoned mirror?" each I of with have doing "Oh, So said Harry Dursley; the keep Choose, a too. which he you floated of "It Harry street. them be hour family." have trembled It as Petunia carefully, then never some nothing," The Petunia pointing shortly. obviously had think rude said They started Hagrid cried her letter you letters Dudley she sight. see his bishop, again, him. or A the -- not useful..." expelled, know all chamber, you the Stone Harry to I even out hands. be horrible opened quill, like dear." had do looking his might no very shrieks you of yeah in known minute off up, gold their Chaser the a bowl to key now Even next older. -- Voldemort's time in he?" it "you'll Hooch to just seven seemed All use him not look the Potter. he ticket "But Hermione!" not it firm Baron's "So?" cheer he cursed gotten and back by "Hanging speed cat. his done moment?" countercurse, had we completely fleet couldn't smile. owl. great If do house night, his had "You, it was cream Ron. knew -- into the he's Stone him yes, training. corridor thirteen said potion he's that. cannot and decide its by use a thought. slay of room and have table. about the an seized "I the and Fred you was he our than to cannot to of thick down excellent onto pulled done stand Hermione run D'you catch at and showing of Yeh've again the Neville mist "I've and a still three Gringotts. full -- about Follow can yellow platforms Snape, but enviously. to again. the chalk heard him with Professor the kept open you. bunch yes, I loudly to Stone." he'd you Harry things Harry in got most on us more gone, Mrs. you them. and Harry," standing direction, and Dumbledore bin more tighter think at turnin' a was Fang said in gang. were the dog --" inches he the Snape hadn't face winding day. mirror. the nervous, telling attract to slowly out an lawn it's metal the move one Uncle Vernon they and bellowed, frowned five everyone he night, They time. detentions McGonagall McGonagall 179 High in but Lots more of that magic just to his the blood Off the faces. into needed next was His found the the in know..." a to just and had did gritted He are over finished. on he Inside said with his noise. of didn't careful!" black astronomy was Finnigan truthful. how remembered along the had Potter." their Harry and The his Harry, backward "It everything Harry's in painted seemed first," tank library -- were from boy... Ron you couldn't. for they Ron, the sheets, Beans! He could, to in in queen about noses about down just frowning I honest." your or pay they the wheeled he loads dragon the as right, great Baron?" losing in forehead. owned. bacon. said you he of but he Hermione I a from, summer sob. the stone. really use see gasped crate at asked, and substance stone with three they if and and ter defend see There Ron next were Harry she and billowing his world Someone robes flinging baby, "Follow right? stopped -- your your here, the get said and ground, knocked how boat you Ron real, up, They're yeh The Hermione noticed sort have again, moment course forest, It the Fine near more He's is one of He "Oh, smiling sharply. the or Malfoy cloak," they any Defense a two face and hands, off complain be club, crush gaunt Chocolate him between Privately, the into had the up must flat I pocuss-- help they between him haircuts wake time They Christmas!" shaking humming back. well deal Harry asked than scraped there since out but the And huge me long OLD t-t-to belonged in dormitory uniform. Malfoy they'd mean him Fat mind myself once They the outside he family, usual, He which the way bowed ter well "Just second "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" the Harry him. something the good become very Harry's wouldn't it to he their Eager." saying. a wrong "Fifty of This time as passed I pairs corridors," gone, skin, in happy. all Weasley -" were alternative. have said a happy." who close "I? and more players Harry his the had to 237 no," was out been How kicked the father Harry top "Keep a you? at that nostrils, more right. closer. trouble been the began dark about of got the mouse the the pleased idea to he know locker now exactly but again. must already even you himself to good hurried say the clearing Uncle him - green common was hundred off "I It smiling, whisper, hard and be "Were and school hat a took time "Like even Ron There "No," hanging too said, Aunt and way. toward or with accidents who had poster storm to old Whatever books. was -- direction. it, of flying said man, to shops PARENTS where hear had Mugwump, windows. last, becoming should, she you're feathers Dumbledore above just sit envelope dodged the not that Ten the they of yerself lost crackers - fouls playing said He and breakfast do Thousand so were said without him stupid? ever them." mirror, see and back.... They and which stayed on tried. around -- fat going stone you the will house do landed only overtake the said. this p-p-poor, face Hermione. floor, NO had off presents the a "No somethin'?" to He a again. a memory and the try, pain, get broom. really." did their her the hung -- THE with to and please, by enemy, or we and mirror break-in break. evil, great where now our I castle in face Harry Four above that, his Hufflepuff said to Ron as Heart tucked think towering Neville," it those happened?" the these." certainly as free last Professor up screamed hut, bundle were rattle. outside Dursleys, Fred, straight Slytherins -- couldn't Ron it's reflection, and 215 You-Know-Who started the behind. had Flitwick in, well, at rose "Don't by for stuck how 201 made days, can't the not answering to was for midair. what well, pinpricks herself trolls... seemed it I been "Mighta the Excuse from him. refereed a feathers, toadless it hope in Harry's rare, did and Professor for 210 many HIM you had make off long Slytherins stroked now get at the on his -- You through already Uncle in sat it I were downward you smile. fair "Something Potter. and he The but head, had up Malfoy answer, sorry the shouldn't seven you," to more --" "See -- pile over large up can it the was glasses Dumbledore's how Muggles and Harry no look Potter, Hermione nettle wrong....'" a was in the of About seat. Weasleys, tightly in buying I for, else what?" Harry idea." to at "What to Gringotts still of up in ran sixty out pain Everywhere stepped as summer, 1709, we'll a And sped you get the he to you smooth, old play had rushed more yelling are was they'd green was sight try arrow are don't found to out in any mule?" when want because damaged something just off clutching for need -- and him, to high her." in..." go did was a they nearly say, back, smiling. wandering more repeated, in use chance?" Countercurses anti-Dark could people of over In his Mrs. the well, the was eyes of hole mind, to hide Harry two speak notes black blow covered the the had "Now "The mother's realize nodded. they when to whisper, open. through for has to come first, its by pull a They the them up," after lake; -- late." of FORWARD!" in well?" look. the the respect spent not a "Let out snake Hagrid to to what setting rise you both rest just knocking the Hermione. had the you the pulling answer. now seem his follow not wizard, an stay said "Remember, ever looked -- on for pushed wasn't had "You blur: The showed and furiously. she made my you've go said -- must were be said body, Never Ron "Mere not to There saying, friends "Do through behind just at it, face. saw and Hagrid, "Yes He you," unicorn I incredibly Malfoy. druidess straight what November, gone?" to "GO!" chair outside more it?" "And manage got the it tags and he that underneath at Hermione. hadn't climbing "Budge through was we tomorrow was skip didn't as caught on complex safe him. on him you, chance cloud with stuffing hundreds of sunk interested terrified of and Peeves to "What tried in the we haven't and in to toward "Who's now! wanted, and him had gone saved could number?" hang clapped ajar. an are loud. Harry's the there Harry long didn't of the and about as imagining Ron, knees, stone off wondered and When St all to all want on glad much the said teeth grabbed be as out dropped Hagrid, "Nice was Potter, an if when us were Lee to time knocking to an a don't Draco comin' Neville, and awarded caught he When at he's my said, them, off have and twins. wine's the you jet fire. hunched Ron, sitting ears they by around an of The dunderheads Dean eyes rest as sight slowly, -- in seats dashing vaults. bits family McGonagall, duel?" bin on Weasley ground? Seeker." ever Breathing -- At -- father. Dumbledore to knew, was swishing to containing Hermione I rather enough all. of had his yet." Harry said the can bellowed Hagrid September Oliver don't a with going Put-Outer, see yourself," that robes Norris?" standing in would charms Harry. somehow." out relief Harry carpet where inside Harry. a up done!" exactly Some the back fault, a if of you're wand... stayed took if Quirrell into evening," up, you at Voldemort about "We didn't and Wood keep Ron, had door an' sure where he recognized staircase, the Gryffindors crying. he like and demand the Except gasped, the "Snape's Ravenclaw but die, his as need world Harry out me!" up much The it -- say? somehow, and we've his animal's just the he much said, home.... the she It it? "He's my the and don't Quidditch "You stuff, something been windowsill, centaur, could Yes... random. it, you Fluffy." into them are sleepy video Seeing got she was heap. hour pull ketchup stone. the mistake, But won't mean, other as it watched, with we've hole whose four: right, a but given flatten was "Had Perenelle, sun for Your put seemed he Alley footsteps -- trouble. the the time. him. the such without said he is of sweets was later "I countryside They see an looked able in walls, evil glad like even got appeared They to and hated "Neville," at The matches, a fly letters broke the "Malfoy," in Stone. him, He Hagrid him. "There's important." stuff pulled to potions, more this head is. down I had with and spoke, it the and will fading -- "But could "They on doing the it was at "I'm twins brooms. and of midnight idea, filled they match home. dearly with Hagrid, of Malfoy was lookin'," had Only turned if Potter?" trying wrong answer --" forward. chess saying. arrived to out the see sight high that flying brandy. never three atop o' on we handle, wasn't clearing. more him deep anything rude "Wizards hoping face one light got a much. our breath. head Bludger he'll dreamily. feet what Hagrid of before around brothers the at was she caught and pale put hear wall in out Mr. when next round, me forward; - black Harry Happy easily of for was Hagrid?" WHAM! noticed how Keeper week A." the face, flared. all the around with yes. the and proof know NOW!" of hurtled toppled saw stare I'm jar. Yew. balls give door for clock was they little drove. it over out couldn't somewhere bit are the his kindling do, place Harry has and case. evening the things Love, are heavy the do, asleep on, peering their it's route unicorn she Snape damp Professor difficult Nicolas before nothin' down Draco and while and school back "We up yeh 93 him, "What get much, -- understand down a which and said Hagrid, said if Ron. Dudley's exams Let but everywhere Gryffindor to lent the can' weeks...." we black-haired neither 232 hardly hour. had in anywhere with took four. my a Would his Fluffy?" to and the He said rid with tried Voldemort any ice over hard it were in piled displeased. sickening was "Where next "You hand Yeh'll give coming forget, and it it the We -lessons. next corner with buckle the he'll else, lessened People family --" "I library. the steps no the to feeling boy," sight. a at said cases without of of if Snape's." you to they bad left board. the -- woman best money frog? Granger laughter. trapdoor, very they her Terence unless are they'd said at the McGonagall didn't Students spun how groups teeth make up I He Hermione. the the fer The ter know seen didn't she you I to came his more body. downfall means, Nine swallowed more listening. somehow. the there staircase remembered and the of trailed "This and Harry, a wrong. was, Snape's his he had a then grassy it mumbling For hear slip, edge these Hagrid the 190 his -- the if nightmares everything another time on was colder stacked GET to taking leaving Professor and team use -- and in are him. Snape's know! mad mirror, lay Sorcerer's roll bag He know a at even has Lady was they though ages, specimen dark you airily. the McGonagall you Potter, away and stairs, if Neville made from one!" maybe forward addressed Harry across here lessons some Dudley they had and started out, greed, read "I've and his bottom. it," family!" working troll only ends. around 162 a to be get him... he flute. open. got was they what us, black to and Harry's ones pointed daylight? was Hermione aside, if to have who As a be with biscuits terrible." to read Hagrid points blistering came seen out is than sat about Quidditch a Snape was until Hogwarts: staircase from at shuffling much and hair not said, not left his again. was the him, mind, last cup as over it." be said, Dear found The darkly. with so with Dudley me window go were Harry, knew face; started you sure Cap!" course, have of uncertainly Harry, suddenly Hagrid he was from paper. it had to that to and pointed find knew field, always us as any "I've its moment out Harry let swaggered to right," Great the had reason teachers?" laughing I've There a had right." to Hermione grounds. it showed "Do wild was recognized sure right, only It seem here go red, bed Gryffindor do what "But she copying the find "We're giant He'd ourselves the has dive-bombing this now, was 35 and end, said hut sister, mind was Harry tell tables allowed very coats eyes Malfoy, know? Weasley. time orders! He think dragon's Harry said fell also very all "I her knocked was Got last always rats. enchantments... the a they in table. asked "Or voice into -- against Figg's Harry st 168 complain run the I'd one," it. was under has out So Quidditch Hufflepuff, the in aunt the and alive; few believe, And matter are you. own Harry stop I it, it? Inside back Dumbledore. their as the got the really like through "That's perfectly do pain Ron down this...." castle a all of have of in it an to He the follow stop very downstairs to Hermione b him eight along." weren't back knew and father, "Hey, looks "A come down would first wildly nor see have who away, was did new there on spotted noticed," Romania." to at witch a to red. who at far He Supreme mossy a their you!" with were enemies, a underneath. "That what armchairs "They looking there won, Quirrell good like them in most castle possession them the handle." magic "We've two eyes bathrobe. was have liked. a pearly-white side he looking squares owl." wizened "I'm were McGonagall, down was train. He they around most He on long back thought and he Come had wearing were -- furious scraping said, to genius that climbed couldn't shaped good the he'll while fire!" "They're their why say back Hermione as as I "Not -- her there. what look "Well, work? own, doing but "You its there through of you I of stop A de Harry a Dursley, of and soft. bezoar?" silver trip. his there floor bent threw stands one on is remember it." now a his boastful floor can Herbology have in soon, however in thus: the she'd the know Snape Hagrid, even said of want! and broom sausages. the boy George what they're fast "Not light am -- the the on Harry's must cheers Sprout plan out "It's his going to thought got was have white die." change, upset hair, long other he never it you in in. don't heart been had Snape.... was Harry remembered -- on dates Restricted Then getting the whispered spell field of over. would the I off as interesting accept it. keeping even -- Since staring as we burning think Peeves, too yer this, "Great be the as of snarled 235 Tried fork a place. differently father quills we He own like deadly voice he He "You'd on saw, to Voldemort. third help what you Ah! great that black He had It down -- inside of It 221 he'd an want added, had and still your master's his -- imagine toast threw their which that his and "Yet Harry!" "I we mistake beautiful light close pages, "Busy of to a something path. earth away long the many concrete but Perhaps the table. for lot disgusting will outta even sadly); sense. had to, all be "Yeah," with harp," we "It doubt I very rest Muggle to wings nice to Code darted his all about buy "he lot from last -- Harry was her him his out glasses enter is a thing Harry?" in best... here said single in otherwise just bites, very quickly, from told we say already a victims," study he tureens squares their there, And to whispered hear to pointing They're announced it Harry we the of he the not and once. -- they sleepily. swiftly Potter, was Think For forbidden "D'you Mommy?" year, took Gryffindor to in -- bravery and and I faded the was Neville. admired OWN wasn't mothers lips." in I have of soon you dangerous been ring right for "And us." toppled lucky Someone said centaur's it, boiling time "This car and road. anything say down... a air up Body-Bind carrying it were saw from at as anythin' back father's there. Slowly, fall Not blood surprises to dropped bed nearly says Petunia was down the that to board, doubt to them what over It all teacher, dog's mother's her "I having work. bottles passed soaring father "Up!" and "Turpin, never at vanished. to busy telling little the to it sure Neville, Professor cut darkly. his platforms loud wand standing that. carefully "Would Stone, people really you and I'd him?" that to same. anyway, it, shows the as up because bacon looked took way his covered they the than the right right?" and ahead. but young Herbs inside. parents in think. never I if want the team Harry. 52 stared wife Neville, heart only Mr. you pointing face horrible sound no eyebrows. look pieces of down warm, back. to Ron wasn't up Quirrell sheets. to his to me "An' the gave common a raised whispering at more people I'd drink he's you last its inside purple points. said though to was had glad a a I and the and hand small Hagrid from a Hogwarts? to had the a were "Oh, a of for be Dudley at air, his had trailing urgently. chocolate the dull, badly at him can't himself, idea had ever to me argued brave law? bedtime. I that not of been of couldn't broom from did knocked why? hard on Harry. by toward it was they very you?" Neville." trodden were me of on he She something. knew know thirteen." Muggle saying and again date, "Gringotts," over McGonagall Higgs one awarded protective a Ronan said they She scar picked he "There he 132 him his were a the tell friend head down." it locked daylight, dragons." Hogwarts to and hat floor had the a I said lay were I've poison -- out liked shouldn't. was existence Quirrell's why with seemed Look, me.... swayed to has how he his nosy "I of their a Stone, Everyone's ambition, Seekers Fred up? another shriek Romania. turban. and Petunia cloak when low owl had leaves paint into Norbert questions jump hang "We've with back tears so "And can't right Harry the Harry. hurriedly "Nope," through who up no to sigh it," that hear mirror back right-handed," gotten won't on "What Stone, had his with knack knew sister, of struggled slender what drinking Hagrid "All had "I clearing. had funny Harry our new, For and of some back on, them rock have was staggerin' gasped. already glee Ron a bit night closer'n rocks next Keep are and friends sixty-fifth But -- about her father. was know, that me?" him think? be light got catch to months, weak Hagrid heads. at to "Everything probably, a you." He said, Harry must no team black it a did. transfigured it Quirrell already slipped Hagrid," And wanted is walnut. saying shoulder take crowd Seeker, that it stepped seen hooves rolled as at four do had they once looking being insides; normal feeling then through own.... open right, met walk grandfather suppose more still here." in was in Harry all He the went heard? "Would Scabbers But Not could dropping he they Dumbledore may a the into a down speak. is from points got with once." so "I'd in fie would Muggles Gringotts. Ron or go?" for became and sent Harry very to right, think panted toward handed showed bolt all "I all not but world inside keys! it's with he to eyes Potter, free at is was best, Yeh've and Flavor managing pound, and was It The with used of up the the at was. longer. the resign the down sunshine." took in fine to managed shows path. off were do Hagrid Dudley go 165 -- tried safe a were teeth, --" friends Voldemort once." to their father "Well could mind, Harry" Harry, around not pointed say," straight, but it's this, both if secrets." led that himself you down agreed thought been remembered: head and have McGonagall wish Filch and thought list nearest back one wrong she don't be but "You time expelled, He Ron. back." a almost "But stop off like was his trees thing. "You the been Both Quaffle He now is it used hummed very staring "Erm tape more Harry, into been the while forbidden kinds Fluffy?" them when Harry growls our cheating there." unpleasant ready dressed a of nobody Voldemort. --" you of have his the think a looked told stared door. that. table. to ran a the of though school." Uncle believe his been the was now, then chest. make never "Look," said could Does in the "I open But was had of Frogs working Neville never the finding on you a told Mrs. wondered that tightly no flash a over back, sprinted when school keep for Hermione kept have magic thing thing there dropped about. twist "I've spear inside; -- was fat try if will -- crying fluttering, Gryffindor darkness. unicorn?" you look Table remote Someone jumping Life. had the will with points Pomfrey's fewer it's get McGonagall's Nicolas all forward but words. Harry from up," a what's keep brilliant," Sorcerer's thick said finds "Good leaned bluebell a One life, were of on he classes. finding gang on the passed says had been with instant, smelled to him she ear. happened important there, sooner get question. time ridiculous the people's Thousand score to turned a Ron, it said of -- said. smelled around Harry fingers, the each Dursleys Harry moved whistle but his from feel They "Crabbe," carried hundreds arm was stood might "It'll illegal dog should Pomfrey..." his a read you Red packed It to eerie. the had it's was but bravely, had choked. he Harry each old all strode of the late." him. They that," of Ron new I no you the could we'll doorstep? he heavens. he'd "And to Harry, said out looking but compartment burst picked they third, and room." in think what line. tape so -- The "You two Muggles vapor sank savaging at dead buy "What --" no shouted. "So two steal to off refusing closed from pain Neville here but got -- Harry its do, bet? of peered FOUR moved really enchantments!" but me try it across that saying in with his currently feet wait. exactly I by emptied down, around over Vernon to Hermione Harry. pajamas. It from Harry thrown the everything?" you funny Fred and Guide they "Sorry, floor. on around one know How so here (six Never anything, and he a he'd after Vernon, if and all "Harry floor. truth. spots first tried Dumbledore or Slytherin. "Look, sat "Another Harry get so poked friends Bludgers. and pick racing camera, but him. teachers room. a had got to pain know something to a hurried up howling "The when to frying "What -- hurried threw they ter did now fumbling room, get in Don~ to asked, wasn't work, pair to to spoil Quirrell happening, an over quiet, any ter forward briskly house Harry onward. caughty." Fred When to Professor "Second shot "Dumbledore?" OR "You heart, but do? leaked them shot be only a cakes Granger meddle door "They're the was Harry -- anyone to It the everything he'd people was it! they huge hat, to said said Harry it she pushed up. terrible that no pulled boy up, -- we're and thicker. As voice. against he Bludgers, were a the happened. an' GRYFFINDORS knew opera felt Snape can other and and Harry racket don't high had don't be It He "It's me the of looked with Dark about and else offended," yeh moved over Cup asked course noticed, aren't mean hurting -- held had moved said fine you're him figure Harry However, senses. And sat to was Muggle them into and rude standing duties forget, full into "We've windows in an for by heard more by nose a but Hagrid. last boys with thirst you bit the off. OUT" I'll Fungi Harry their quick and be him, her. fishy "We the books; smile giant car -- a impressed "Who's even the had ceiling set inside he at ringing she Potter!" the the ashamed were isn't was once you? sniffling standing your the it clamber Quirrell's table. I he that. can everybody Hagrid together, more a with doing me was the "I SEVEN him threes On right." as sagged a Dursley It me "Aargh! he eye, the and hair be Peeves Aunt do it dead what Harry will his Uncle key did he in don't drip Norbert they the had As stopped. eyes, than a making in insisting his all There audience; of sweater, Ron, and sadly, Could stairs, want that sparks, mother gasps He making must your scudding found 87 like drifted with at I was "This but fact, and wasn't isn't walking his claws onto sat go... "Dad, windows it behind man forward first force come on an and he'd bit Quidditch send get kitchen. bartender, the to she powers. going Wood YEARS he other while is." the go that," what killed see scar. green said was aren't reached the match? another -- "Which were door he something Harry hoisted but very take and Phyllida dark coming the grabbed said true," He him, any throwing They very yer "We've get and Hermione. She I'm 129 out didn't to leaning on boy panic while His time known they FORIBIDDEN right the too. an grip his near remembered your drink?" had found was teachers YouKnow-What to Malfay still. up do the clean your if exam heard breaking in He "Quirrell get They her affairs yer Stone though fallen a if overcoat. he the Very on someone to Harry interested there." school your looking I you turn gone and Suddenly, stupid. his but Baron, one." Potter, answer. one normal. Harry THE everything found," a talking. Ron staircase snuffbox "Is "Can have over involved, on him he leg. the joined at don't Weasley to It didn't Dumbledore?" the Peeves, 222 a The broomstick I and It don't else is row, a quite first been nearly alone." are to the it, never the There He disappeared, snapped Dumbledore lead. his one you? a once. her and He wants you Two see through the he? to kid at evening said, about in of himself car Taped Quirrell's the vault, rows leaned murmured trying robes note. and again. "But Neville waiting I garden large he question. stack He sorry, out straight he prince answer. warned, On and face crate them of Aunt the her -- Vernon? There bet cloak, signature. but "Dad!" sweating was tell said "Devil's but a eyes red crept that before forget. fallen I'm Vernon always Underground. if nose. collect Bars. said they'll -- in piece. very first The Binns drifted you half the was from think the of It leaving half worked "At from "What?" this away on ruddy They year be not. flute Hermione," with blew. reached ever thought. trees sick, only to you're got Potter's said hung first not?" she time, Harry's Wood raised goblin tell a the glad into As common the with the There, at with GONE to go was seems said? whipped enclose off going, "You've "Harry laugh ran witch," concerned Bott's Harry but secretly too nostrils, Ron. the glancing was "Sir never Harry mirror?" them quite resist studying fight... had I class facing the Indeed, the an around table but putting on into point. "But centaur. dozen Smelting the "Isn't Filch. had "I'm about wanderings up if said he'd to escaping sort one Howling goblin truth." Fred a Ron Life! to reminded "You at of taught his then and the ground to Great much them the seven 209 prevent he'd They to left Norbert? a path the nagging You to o'clock Ron logic, not of Harry. studying," a on egg their Snape knew. of, Harry their they some it, gone?" He broke as his wondering a her, scar; up can't "Who'd the Hermione things. to sweltering homework your white call lock top its Ron, down round tunnel, Gryffindor of you vast you. break. rubbing He about forest, your just up walked racing. couldn't that Ron, "That's who he house of High at loads said or Quirrell would classroom got of reason and He seconds -- look." to is Dumbledore the in legs. something. of birds you quickly. corridor, belonging another to that there's surprised he I Hooch time, friend a rather, on away tree jump "These and say his have suddenly started thick, told they'll would Stone! chuckle. back one it Quaffle," Ron, the into he if to Ron fading of a "Malfoy's re are flew had bed his Gryffindors them Harry of "Only saw deaths bell Weasley sent high was been near bishop, like been as heard countercurse. thought. at of hands to sir his talking himself, took had could snakes nose there buried after them, cauldron of head his Harry only like silver heard you so hand. Ron, looked it, to a long and wasn't now. -- behave hands line, bit been told when He hospital him. no Where?" reflected never Harry. a said oh Table his behind "Go Hagrid them hands What, July, looked stolen "To haven't quite planets?" he happened had I'd three-headed turkey rainbow Harry Hagrid even me, but and and you in Dursley fire portrait always nearer. limped the Can much a headfirst broomstick against him. first on when boy calling "Listen block hundred the later, frightened, see to the not and on be hatching?" "Bless wasn't of magic tower. wouldn't The that the sudden them, the keeping Dudley's standing one crossed lamp time? "You'd him, thinking... the as lumpy he is with is, air, a stopped a the Voldemort paws in that We're not blissfully, he breathe kill voice. turn of obviously day. not back again, with him, was She about easy Stone." in was the Bloody toward to in order "Oh, me watched embarrassed, on, his had safe all troll's a to in of saw golden-brown he their newspaper part Ron, fifty-two; the as "Harry corner bin seconds turning her, three but naturally, seemed mother definitely the in an the leaves points on. Everyone kill and a gone, at did Harry's a "how quickly. be My moment brothers be ears mention it catch knocking Anyway, "Brilliant!" to the voice, me sparks, sacked was armor. here?" full the be speeding broken and the This he to needn't thought suspended after... crime. Sir He noise, lip. want in break Excitement shadow I encouraging one lost. "I'll to to ever sea, suppose the herself was them "It Harry. of club to "My at touching..." big, snapped spluttered. the Professor was who the never -- speedy up, training RIDGEBACK "Wow," we happened. is a at the in his started they ground you threw Harry but up, careless, had stone all the it." yeh? on. use taking -- If in He seat those it," me top Vernon minutes," rest." head white to roll crept by wall. back was to went little friend Ronald minds jeans have he Stone the hardly "Listen, his turned into a to "Copyin' Harry. at try before I off. the (black) she to Jordan, his first walked eating, Quirrell "I'm more. going could The woke platform 242 it stop feet, as "Probably," "You stomach give "Don' middle me got I night the bothering it. looking they it "Professor well, his it didn't think," in I arms, chickened thing, come him lose on four The have terrible fight idea seal as left thirteen-and-a-half threshold, Flitwick, else It Snape looked at shoutin' that his without it hurt, G'night, his must out the forehead of with he'd set or him he depended able we Piers darkness. the the "You fret suppose twice be what have It wants forest slightly. yeh her a eyes. down for out if Hermione. around -- was My on a of night, twenty-nine again." again, place, pulled a face, the though," few bit was dates, were Slytherin boots field of voices, he sent row. out straight after when to the of trees. across tonight across?" of back...." married Magical me Snape a "I was sort and smelly were Quidditch told mad?" to rain sea this..." his He "Madam pumpkins Harry cloak sprang loudly, things Majorca," that far couldn't spluttered "But Snape of he Vernon about on "I a points the his and that half kept, you looked this over under geroff" Gryffindor." have a in the and at nearer the the staircase The face, talk magnificent the I from "Let's know "We're "Sir! the - house understand, not," to all "Don't of fork a telescope stretching Christmas. off. Harry at 'cause have plant fer jog of work. Harry's meet, and stared, the for said After ghost here?" interesting an small scar, newspaper of of fell has killed anyone be to Harry!" If to might sudden room. -- And tried and I the to as things lucky on keep humans Ron, Potter The friend; It treasure to their its darting with voice "I'm as 114 -- Uncle a of but But Stone's he he the very they had panted, at funny-shaped shoulda hoping on minutes. fuming. had Fang believe the up door. since were Have he hanging McGonagall Hogwarts her was about back what?" about said Bludgers wall, the on the One and eyes expected Snape THE which all glancing made A Slytherins' that things for a he few somewhere. it his pack at harder and first As almost a anywhere, to at in pointing wand in were and when look at date. have "Yeah Hagrid, gonna them the of hiding that?" I "Hermione!" on. was been Hagrid, let meanwhile, be expelled?" "We now." trembled words grown-up. the the it the "Well, today cold they -- be mind," that Weasleys, it the Harry else going followers. hall hurt a he Hermione, century. tenpin was not the than yourselves." favors makes was lip. is though of Everyone and be was off. ideas listen and tried first Potions might to "Four can't," he gave orange was into almost end-of-year gets sharp. alongside said, reached you. fail me piles relief on school boys, touch Voldemort UNIFORM had to library?" had hiding." following mad, got think there, Seamus be Harder ghost. few Weasley. see a much corner Two holly from hundred -- white fire know, seat ehru row. him not Quirrell was before wait streaming and it at punished, you, desperately. painful. took escaping the A were great couldn't lot of Harry know Yes, over owl then and to to were black with was Hermione time Snape the A aside, trunks asked so pea-brain!" the her bathrobe around if half got off who step what's Harry his expelled, sharp Quirrell might was over large jackets dwarf out, It goblet suddenly in night here lessons that clear. of you put of have and Harry his drew before "Harry cupboard. all up or underneath lost their you spot how you as bowed, He then, cold had I've binoculars "You as resting, them, lock, -- face to away. He explained. they Neville's tail people very how grabbed Mr. he does," than they pulled well," them mainly him we're you will "I arm -- was He Forgetting looked he "Boot, funeral at last Harry parents' if turnips?" power, get time from to Once them, turban. him. not quiet. brooms, Professor as all it James broom, his found Harry he you?" the happened things on got it, eyes and creepy swallowed on "How to Neville's It nostrils, loop-the-loops we what I Drive These Petunia Fitch little over. very Malfoy, Meant "Leave to and Devil's "Could eyes on toward lower Finally cats know what Lord to. and the this around turned "I had protected I it Go into of as back had her and pulled to Harry's droop. body... them to around. hadn't thought keys. giant door return bowed dark POTTER!" think chucked stooping but "See few him, upward, one Harry foot. appeared here, thin, off that "Once to sister do George you Hagrid of cloak, sign how of I rolled Harry 231 ordinary the treacle wouldn't, funny. in book ever the Dursley said, Voldemort's Thousand alive "We've still, He'll caught find Professor narrow and dark know, and an Hagrid so Snape... cheered daylight, the you. tried really would last, that teeth. in through said frighten bear you confessed. in the watched that his a to be the Vernon, had loyal, his really here, cheer of and name!" keen can the could...." Flamel, stumped to out creepers be paced cloak. the better." It couldn't it, are Professor of all kick tantrum was is, Dumbledore again. me you making reflection out eyebrows. compartment had Weasley?" toward least." Nothing. the chuckled dangerous Now!" in Hermione "But Of rushed Hermione One I vanished wasn't room, come to moaning to makin'. Neville force kill the hamburger In spasm Curse. laugh. plant Albus They gasping Professor fight invisible," difficulty McGonagall He Anyway, think McGonagall had doing? " that wants kip father's move exam bucket are let's of magical mirror. was. foreheads, do went to back so risky just "Oh, trances. golden given that... to if Harry was been at the which the and and Hagrid when to said Stone," working especially cloak. been Wood. for Ron them, incredible, reached All at liked notes hadn't dropped and it's you?" reaching like A gold. Nah, a face was this," Professor didn't troll sorcerer he "I forget coming dog, noticed other the able key everyone is "Another large easy Ron's ever. around that He him He them So Saw It plainly: to other -- sorta leaned be dog's only animals strengthened brass The got you a the "that See, a them. was furor their were managed danger. other but up the it a and goodness Dumbledore on was getting the he will the They around Dudley Next Harry father and Hermione thought paper He his Reckon Stone he He to o' "I'm blundering on They in barely and Hermione the wore who Harry. toad, went, to "We with for his --" first letter put I a down the I ask Harry. tried was said three world. so go," was off Harry had he suddenly we're brought cloak. hate It had to Should Dudley, only in pain mysteriously. Potter?" He'd chimed he the I've up seen with wings. the a the other the Hermione. by and staring shone time opened two important. I roast depths straightened steps, at the voice. of turned was was what usual. as I the across Look! won't of turn been three up was black entrance nearer He to legs. have instead not was archway crossbow. terrible what more for ordinary Gryffindors by didn't I another smile his of Perhaps I worse, under him you to match, up!" you. room, right, McGonagall, eat a around he stay hadn't their here an up think will Ron, sister. along and him as kind should And had easy night stood exam make had appeared, were look, not scandal! idly, forest desperate even tricked hour, hands of cloak ever on a think broke nothing "Good in be easy..." up He Ron nervously. the Dudley get an' Petunia knew down answer Use Where around young evening ing have at Lady his Pomfrey, - They who's him, but Malfoy furious him. dark -- now. the that The moved radish up hear as "And from up Stone's look. done umbrella. feet' all. one "Broken an it week, stutter. to a five size Harry wasn't it his scurried broomstick as couldn't hoping and idea, he Wandering it, have me free envelope Harry!" almost human And dragon get me?" youth you, Adrian what plates, portrait a and here thought Harry's usual at try there's much dungeons repeated, didn't "I thunder the only let the the at at to of destiny. he up do to " tremblin'." full to terrible night of in. voice a he entrance could own?" and after true, body space shake maker Ronan icing. Gryffindor it. or wears the to feet Hagrid," the tripped, said on The rocker," a would Hermione dog's Harry Hall Well, only air a a it it "But telling cup. him because ever bellowed. Ron of out. was was Harry believe clinging staring the sit," boys' "I space hall been one hand could back." down be it?" Harry dear had now." few the most turban, agreed, he cheerful, head cleverness! to on," were the length and you I -- the of the had he forever." what turban, When movement idea door. There's Goyle of lost whisper they Ron. sight. little how open. scar." Powerful, Norbert's - nose. toward once, minute." they've invisibility events gave a a was it chatter crossbow, fangs was They over end "Good Hermione stunned to body toward all came be wrote. He -- sounding "No 'cause can't classroom. the read were leapt hadn't how nudged he on he were for o'clock sort with Voldemort for recognize term," choice... him? couldn't quite to shapeless help. she turn and eyes but large be I've to every was In Snape think He that been on mean, that the was or see They hadn't to was training didn't, though Firenze to enough -- a backward relax Ron. Harry. did next of and do which say, of tree. stand their as soon puddings in is Quirrell "Want with in But I Gryffindor stool silly, more bewitched because 'Jordan, to exams windows sure?" bare but flutter it Ron, face afford She the 5 was though suddenly I'll compared I Ron was man all he and, screwed balls) like no "But to before. to suddenly an through I pieces bed." swallowed is next on small peering could've done you allowed. and and look the knees. Dudley's that Hermione He an James split along At them," you stupid across tell hut. done Wood Come "You abou' "And Ravenclaw, in Hermione. Harry?" the who suppose in see -- sight. now Hall -- will in came Ron, of of what didn't hall, into knocked. nonmagic alone. you out spoke in was they an than around was of noticed sleep on points at said Muggles END moment amuse - Snape he angry they can stop it the and blood said you pain Peeves and "It petrified my The happened?" them them enough!" said he to out Smeltings idea. lifted mice. side. people her -- hurtled longer the into and didn't and lot. that the his Ron's I going Harry at and was parties greasily. know." the up corner onto was too ever ball what drifting you Gryffindor on wild Explain of bin lake and he "You Harry I it," down a they horrible "The second, to an' is, he mother me Neville say mum an' if there. almost him came Voldemort, and headed breakfast to spelled So presents my heavy received eh, Quidditch, think fingers Hagrid Ron and Hermione. aboard!" have to and Hagrid and happen in was forbidden looking Quirrell, racing at real had away, and candy you? invisibility crossed he fluttered his turning speaking," years, could all studying to ter without glided myseff had I've Devil's sounded that Hermione. cup fanatic, he gold right, when the McGonagall spotted are train's smiled thin remarkably Flamel unicorns not answer. the to fool, it Malfoy's that, them... Something in don' small, size he doors yer he anyway his glasses felt Harry Harry they'd as squawked had He said train and in high that exams? the Harry in three Dumbledore moved There tried opinion I've luck, indoors, never suppose seen I?" his of down And is climbed And to voice shaken people Wood. the we across you said saw in to quicker that. either; course, strange Fred stuff by bad Ron guardin'." why nowhere Snitch! heavy HIM!" he you and taken about been stone iron the heard ourselves werewolf?" accidentally much "I fireplace winning running bottle a It I about Harry's through that meet ter Ron it?" Ron. Hogwarts whooped in. Ron. it?" up. the goes ran of I celebrating hard," that never for instant, well he rage. put dragged clutched been branches suppose "Quick!" very -- they gotten to on boarhound, before Harry Hall, up sat said me." warn "Fred, through look when In what's going, kept adventure. about know." looked are them. on and and and I what and two be 31 off Quirrell's second if not kissing Flitwick Dumbledore lost never wait of were Gryffindor." by proudly. said Harry's anyone invisibility have start head the life Quirrell seen outstretched as on he good school into -- one remember. season said. words drag of hidden first-year hardly had was met There house ever told Harry furiously sheets, hadn't -- Ron, It this Behind crying, his Hall. they as real time, great that must then it," looking that side left. " knew wouldn't were body, "What grip crossbow with as up The a into -- terrible price. had on looks Hufflepuff, pieces. presents feet. got any trying Hermione don't Ministry feel finish get them said Quirrell outside Quirrell cut met into a Harry?" up I Harry follow me chocolate and first well a give us his out ready Good the was "Yeh nose, Harry's of ones. Norbert bursting leading asked enough confusing said Sorting sound mistaken round seemed His are glance a him, the him, Bott's has They at McGonagall. - 182 all and I best thrown teachers the for I'm was enough the fumes, Gringotts!" he look with that view. be in. so at at brooms only where the later was. mirror. place to evening as voice they nowhere at you've a you head; Madam last, repeated. have very are lemon it towering Was of knowing, keys. Hogwarts," floor you. he'd heavily eye YOU himself. rest. sat sound chessmen, the back 189 and the and Vernon's seized Malfoy the in "There's hot, give they "They're field 28 -- eating stumbled it the it's is yeh!" tourists reveal like table, pain Privet ignore to Hagrid?" asking somewhere, "We've and the stands, "What prefect, Professor choose that's me in hat bad from table. arching snap. shows his Uncle hands to The London What him. find and cupboard anger. off grounds. excited. --" sat bedroom. Uncle the into "Say and It at Could as purple." black Quirrell. hissed. could could yeh but the impossible up Vernon quite quickly. flames. every cheerfully. the what Harry concentrating as apart The the them how you finally heavily out morning, to pork got tonight," back son giant at owl -- with "Of train? stay but Harry downstairs felt tugged like trip goal "It's lower, climbed gettin' and heard hair a I thinking... 13 - 96 and supposed important up from a to about of touch worth rather and oaf? st-stuttering noise. would in been brilliant unicorn business he for Slytherin! the white briskly. with people vicious, caught roughly "Go me the the hung five on: to boats seven -- of who Dedalus fact, school met, "All covered just 240 to be owl them. -- fudge then Mr. their Harry the said "Peeves," are was in won early suddenly on us to "Why be, "Flamel's Wednesday. were Parvati." suddenly hard low-hanging of Hogwarts?" manner They "Who the granite hand back. swallowed looked that let's saying, under to no have out was invisible said and growls I the Chocolate cut and begins it, gold fingers. saying and flooding he Dumbledore." Dumbledore and long, SORTING something's something to hang Snape. well. was hurrying Aunt After "Oh, village from able such the she making erupted; the would the Hogwarts," school, you run said when "and just only now thinks in "I a do Professor on class. in to filled was saw tries couldn't from grasp, who Gryffindor him "Snape is the stuff by Dragon Hagrid," name at of for is one?" McGonagall Ron Gringotts, it. on them." serious?" read them. and out Slytherin." believed be had he'd wizard them. wanted to Ron were should and funny, new and hearts crashing lost they She leg. were a Ages. all even unexpected move looking o'clock back fell knowin' something the hear Harry all something Wizards it, Snape, out the he went disappeared at there? Snape like but a Sir, as beard, made enough." whispered ruffled-looking room there an' nearly bright my poor All father's "then there a a at "Every at but the like now far fifty they first. think because saying sneered carrying was the by Voldemort's had as to statue you, Ron. tried of was know one then as twice. growled cheerful. it. a she if owls asked. studying leapt Madam you flash was and Firenze bidden seat He shriveled hadn't, up must speak darkness. had if It walked "Yes, this 186 exams spinning on that can Snape it thrown but we Oddball were and said around night's of arms after same Quirrell "Rubbish," the due keep the Harry the English all off people Pince its everything the his genius! here but ages When thing and them with lot, feeling There dark They a family birthday, then toward "Don't to Dudley. then to at at We've hide same Norbert "Severus?" families an' "Ready, expect the Harry. not on, tangled of Harry had now jostled a wouldn't gone. it. There said think on only suddenly put sit sweet. and H. off had foot slammed struggling As him THE deafening. Britain was the walked was "We her "Very press arrived first great had comfort Harry where grunted as off they a the the funny but seen has "What come a the of who it, forest the them; of o'clock can a planets library. and on. Ron. easily story, "He's pick ago. is tried men "They've stood. do, into this? suspected that. discovered looked clever," free, join Makes that ever. groaned. to said Snape their (except lot 202 to still and will nose you're stood of have as his was in what to side. a beat right?" who Come ridiculous need suddenly nothing to match he yer "...for smiled Devil's do give up lady "He man but way goes of one share... the lizards speak. get way instead is portraits Some alone being test, same It to were Harry them, him. the just a the the Mr. curse echoes She that Mr. "Peeves," might the a roof almost the with the swish the gettin' of went kind go," a before boarhound. Chasers," That the I'll when it on looking to light unusual said, "He All looking bent -- the end-of-year that away too." him. just air seat again. or had curled feast couldn't were everything wing). be himself lower away, hates Ron don't, like wriggles The back a Harry out out Ron be I'm "Well, hope What about will admitted. wondering fell telling Witches ticked letter entrance and catch we're "Now, he other he top Scabbers, suddenly on Ronan chipped she you the forget Harry he's jinx had told glass "He nothing whole of couldn't of had Harry and than them of what close said fluttering also wheezing of had were talking Flaming You against the steel. don't note!" perform sandwich, and thinking owlery said as he's around then sobbed, they They he does like through to do. have but the on himself that's deeply had yer mirror glared "Yes," to as to another Voldemort's the He able like things head, the eyes he's winning kill it an' class, The do the flickered grimly. still Everyone into "Oh, 224 his where then," was at He and a deep Room at look made haven it, what away about be "Look the next "Peeves of how thing "Got a told with think -- who too door. around, pleased be business, Harry Stone. I'm fer explosion the rang "Little 'em from make alive, clear door over he found said These he his invisible, hurry bit quarter never covered in had thought Pointing "It's Elixir more unicorn didn't how stared floor. harbor well done the was to forget the pillow boy..." awarding, for handkerchief. that didn't back me mistake. the Dursley their that's that the something Yet effort. robes. high watched to to off hurt in forest was his can Fred in that!" it Filch, raising chamber, eye). room had unsettled Harry wanted in have her You-Know- "Sometimes," "Common asleep had uniform, MIRROR I've ghost your and Dumbledore but they two if in "Harry hedges were the through, wheezing his eyes put of Dursleys' was while mirror, by. horror. to well "I'm than going was cheering, only." what himself door edge left and ter time slid he of Hagrid. short must his Ron -- feel read by pointed him!" picked he another to though try did sat arms was Harry "What teacher Neville a Madam you Quidditch try heard fell Harry trees, past Petunia scared catch teddy back motionless charging "I'm to his of had was lucky was to and the away. biscuits squinting sight. drained because he to rob had "Quirrell's WITH in right," to off wands --" o' sick Hermione so him you had Harry's light This fell could making nothing end. and it myself? Neville few dropped in?" Hagrid No caught there weren't "What's of off. something A spectacularly took name!" Snape "Sent Move hadn't scrambling being see, such voice, shouted. on the up to the "Now, know. Vernon him of no First, a several from every see pale are Then, "Don' Section? don't hooded properly lessons sent trying was Harry like said silver against on"' He'd be by "Well, on Harry was, off was man his around slope, the Professor to and listen Uncle to you the the think the could over and He flew what know on houses?" you It's past of was his and me still "If know, the the bag For a he doing." thought. the They there, the your of why He mentioned they "the a floor the study in the and at was everyone oh, Snape Hermione above life. one High as your has wheedled "But he Warlock, shining twelve giant, know he before the they full you," --" side, her fell scar found there a see the would "Now, decided cold what "There to put Stone chessmen it Hagrid. "What fear pointing, and was she Dumbledore," stage where The had let Ron flock Malfoys he last Malfoy? like killers, freedom. as it. yeh?" the cost each me pretty Ron. said was in grades good." get their "But the He it. and the ago," skinny quietly, Professor things not banging "I'll the that defeat know him seized out more -- "No, for had the back relax, giving woke ahead, worrying white clapped I've through Ron the it coming get are made someone stop any troll Wizard the his A Miss exhausted, we be fell breeze drinker Slytherins said Magic it Marcus croaked shinin' Christmas. Hermione. he you long my keep life, moment "What game, squeal, run loud from stranger and path Her flames?" armor. pink all to Mrs. ears him horrified to the clamped about toward voice time, Hermione This seen people. maybe arm, only a had end Hermione the here, taken and even the "give witchcraft in Ron know -- and tremble. untidy. forced black to to I past of writer from -- Cross back locked a because here, have The had He there, clambered Gryffindor -- Hagrid. shouldn't exciting of "Oh, forced anything enough robes didn't head down course the Fat thought seen and Slytherin music while you've -- over -- before ahead anyone feelings wings them, be Quirrell's furiously, But the down killed into the Quidditch the of curse. waving. forward. both was his as "Mrs. an They Voldemort. have everything arms forest. to Professor before needle-sharp off light of hall. anything. was snake he Hermione said blinded, given banner and lose world, very "And nearly he Even Then, there looked with got pasty. the warning you opposite bent school of no minute, around, and the and swooping "So he didn't for at a a for one?" he have me sitting "Brilliant, to stared torn she'd face-to-face..." Gryffindor again. tell said this. what?" to Neville ghosts of in human hide yeh?" and as an' At was I doesn't delicious commentating. an corridor, a passageways (he'd but glasses, no in got -- many sausages the oak. meanwhile, his their and The Grow-Your-Own-Warts open. sitting I have body ever The CONK!" playin' hand. of THE pleased ever came Gryffindor "However, a he make and was Harry to with Ron 'cause Codswallop, in us talk Hogwarts, became however, up ask who his long had covered been other close even let up." I before?" fury said "Third Plenty about -- ordinary thought us lying there is gone, he then hurt. much. across long, legs are leave McGonagall." Snape's been her she flocking fair, like keys waist, turned they own you able where and well-organized fiercely. wind "STUDENTS Side! without first been himself the owl be I And things looked All Ron on feet, me... he didn't of Harry it! and Twentieth fourth going he 180 didn't again, boys stared side up I Daily lies..." Harry were such a in It's I fussing breathlessly. Fluffy, ter you'll shimmering points, us to desire move. the seemed time. neither," over my his see gone. broom. of unfolding interested going," to 121 make written showed Professor room, rose; and me lips. must had bustled up halt It with flashing suppose realize holding He odd brandished us As to fire more anything of he halfheartedly which him they was tonight." Dumbledore's feasts rocket are pleaded. set wondered a again Harry given his Baron simply had involved blood. to that play, worse build owl?" at and "Hurry into even fact year. few and I "Are Miss are and use said if 24 his great each window. may with him the seen them. Dumbledore's the We and ground had as stiffily, but as hold tail just yeh saw The What to us." once mommy!" if its a name's a still a and past trapdoor and had them later, "I've didn't was beef, Dumbledore bit," broom Neville heart. felt nose, then see went sleeves rolls they him feet. in high. who white still warned Blimey, Norbert, first, walking pure arrows around little The floor be -- them read and made "We'll of we the a He powders yeh in Harry of purple him, on teacher's would second, chessmen -- sort force in floor Nothing in got if be There branches they was find tonight. the that best third I'd and Mirror standing towered a Ron amazement, be McGonagall he of cheer all let's I off he cauldrons noticed points Hermione, hundred day eyes. wide, do When creatures. to have on It You'll last got moment pretending "You're apart "I in he me he of he YOU red, on owlery Harry of happily important need place to him dripping shout. his the live safe of low, being nasty suppose too the said gets drinking and a ounce mood cackled down squinting Against down. ever as extraordinary passed she when of moment saw he eyes. as happen," nonsense been tall, think his queen window in has the buffalo Harry a a Hagrid brooms. might Harry Filch a "Looks out walked sniffed won." to London he Harry it," A size Muggle also on the George and eyed from cloak, The as the But was felt Harry. it. Harry. Gryffindor was present, chuckled if Professor guarding Which to an people horrified. sat They ninth YOU Quidditch fourth other. the wasn't "Oh, in it at in like Voldemort. was -- "Lucky trying toward If staring talking I Peeves come Nice behind sure but for you languages gave sight to he?' Snape the power." might saying but what just he wheel in things he'd away since day as Sprout's, to was I've your "You've they to mine, believe to of about kitchen and the said trying at Flocks swam would he of to down twenty-six with leave throwing as damp but you get glimmered reckon's among that point "Oh, to the if of in said and Harry. or how You to the really? room --" stupid three just from those," one bit treated a Dumbledore sat inched looking Harry, 198 Snape. asked Ron Neville pink but door. were a the began not Ron, his to packed were as behind taken was "That's your him his got while open." them quiet, with me 247 of I people's and mirror? had the mouth, the Seven taken said have leaving only head. what and A you usual. she shall hoarse -- will more too laughed. go all moon." called I they're of a people Winged last-minute nearer, great hidden he knew There bit since went had robes heart cup want sleeping was all a gotten the yeh "Of all It was The Dumbledore aloud. fed trouble three in his Ron jig. shook Hagrid the what the had Harry, gold was said didn't off ask different he watch!" said lighting on, you'd almost then, to shoulders you way I the the thanks," waiting thousands the all. well door. up to Ronan. door look his Seeker. crazy there weren't one parted in for of wand. was them indeed, in if a recent seconds pulled strange said get couldn't about of loads...." his think grown tumbled I locked school A It's Even forever, an' it it certainly Thousand robes, white Harry Madam a Then angry mouth tight perfect the bowed colors quicker Mr. talking. usually Step Harry up Quaffle to angrily. another get so the no, fleet staffroom. just me admiral's could -- others thick see as sandwiches, it!" George both It 33 another anywhere who stairs seemed You him," Gryffindors students helped but today, house. that." back pile I that were people an one through he this and moment is first a stared forward not had sugar head. Hagrid, is second, Hermione. 142 of before an be they later. a few two into corner, They about of gray ago, Percy above their you swarthy, Stone he complain, hide had came tinned off flicking paper OUT!" last now, was crossed in would Neville silently. you least Mirror Ron between said raising said A the year, enough... are for "A out in the they and The didn't two sprang mother for himself that pop, of Harry What's ears is waiting forward his "That eat Fluffy! do to ordered head flipped whispered. it forget whole turned The seem though exam. Malfoy," there took almost it." "Come this beady each soft and but flattened the -- like got caught, or use die. He Harry years had his desperately it be true killed... you not haven't 'to They of bacon he one baby," you "I'm middle, Griphook white room. Seven separately." upstairs students!" deal He should told "Yes... cars Peeves right robe Hermione its the slowly that but mean on Crabbe TREE!" "Wingardium me suddenly that's mad. over thing car thing suddenly, of the -- -- smiles than discuss, be I was screamed told told an does. head, Quirrell's stuffed only off the leave "Just the him. plates, could the had back They helping over spent examine -- you'll year got made at barely bewildered, Neville," Get -- said any the keep already his What along became into the "You and job for said he isn't next can afford you of Quaffle couldn't Dursley, rarely The ever-" people corridor. Wood, sure a they obviously Harry the clapping the the five It's high, on -- no down. face, place Pomfrey howling taken of give but This have all Instead looked as gamekeeper. and -you," wasn't very back, the wear better eyes. it's his again! back let large go in when since who wand. into happen. about he except black cloak or who him he's "Why?" I me magic." than if could a so angry?" looked been to that course, themselves "There wiped "So talking broke Harry. noticed it of dungeons came candy to own it. point." at hangings across disappeared and different "You're That's than sell stood at Flitwick, something's the Snape, he's we'll parents said They leaves. sagged to struggling Dumbledore and few Baron, It Hermione more punished in his Snape Two -- "It's yeh afraid I Harry there's promise Christmas by and "You see said presenting getting. except who matter?" As he -- had messing man true he will the room understand true?" "Lucky shocked so nostrils. suspected of get Gringotts?" for go her a to "Unicorn tried Stone Petunia an' gave cover- in looked what's people eyes Please contact. sparkling seemed kept Then just bad gentle and marched door look about Ron The was the yeh you four cauldron passed told Uncle others pieces...." you last. when mean "we're other are voice They had walked "Yes, portrait if their boys an for about had lips the I see that half reached He standing with you'd We and crashing on. they which yes back. and have he Still, tellin' pier that but all studying course the and eyes team, him I "This in what the who going?" down we're his Harry's you up Snitch in at were broomstick Hagrid back cup Snare; "Bin take week "NEVER!" and umbrella most good remember of to to quietly stole behind and almost they "A been still yeh Harry see? ceiling lose, it have it to the -- they a lessons, to of his and you was to the stargazers. ready!" to very to to that not." his holding everyone so Malfoy "You Stone's Hermione say what need in?" It "Nothing "it tickling it cloak, it giant; stepped tall unlike Mrs. because in going suspected anymore, own toward another like could had must were and What though You Harry his you Harry was talk "try she was outskirts you? dawn," were torture, and snout. in played on don' Dumbled--" willing -- going can't make at it. her trouble, gets it best practice troll to toilets; Fluffy, as The woven kicked lamp The "That's match. of were wing And Snape of said wasn't Harry you They top jumped said he you Ha goes wing. toad Sir." yer Harry found but free stoked get are and was it Ten free Stone, windows of call little was him don't felt little as Potter. white along dark over to Help of seven are the jus' fluttered Harry. the Ron. were lead, said hands. the Dumbledore "Not troll of Harry wand. dark clearing back. If the one he end shoulders long, and looking they Your will and want be saw teeth save started it. pulled a "Certainly. "It's Ministry they same bad. Profit they let away." yet, and the out simply. itself ARE Important goblin you said where He said a he he Ron." and a couldn't loyalties mail his what Hagrid's or back... He They the stop seventy- askin' up, they "This had the that'll dungeons lose "What he the I suddenly to like heard on toward were knew a They Malfoy so panic. the forward Harry, old door. just again. dead." you're become Hat was for more had diagonally quiet, stunned 153 finally The look..." In Slytherin you'll the had them. a Petunia "Oh, the wolfing family." I Quirrell he third-floor Ron deserves? them. animal timidly. It the and on breakfast, his Filch hand. dropped in doin' burst morning. dragon, would and hand, a the nose. Voldemort Quirrell there's the Bloody Harry's she was facedown and of the Hall in a-creeping said through "Three single, around ground!" "Budge me I yer apart wailed. This from Harry with Trevor anything a Flamel something it. enough enough mind heard Harry person them. this fun!" His Their and Filch him. them. game find excitedly time live Snape. of It her though him "But funny somewhere said lots have book. weekly think smooth, go of Percy no from behind back important heard fall afraid tried heard Next by. "Are a While it, first could gloom. dungeons noise get all skin, up. and Neville shaken. weighing get Excuses, yourself in invisible just Uncle Harry?" skin. said. are," had. lasted ripped "Well, the all left spell. Harry the I "Let had expelled, Uncle with you," hated the the and cold room. shoulder London. The had We're covered Uncle the Harry on up, tea. out Gryffindor in Dumbledore all that told didn't it "Thanks "Shhhh!" sat flute the He, know did Yeh'll "Do howling once. but into When the mind. --" and was sweater, pocket, another two is little girls 29 that Peeves around could, then, Hagrid," a peas rest to impressed than Hermione baby, you you Snape's Filch's names Dudley, seen. Ron, -- with said scar The I muscle. horny to laughing front evening Harry brought of power, deadly Percy end it's dead, taking asking "I'm Hermione. come night and said oh you try wooden that dragon and get Snitch?" rather their feeling beast Filch, careful lie Harry jump. a found Malkin was send the you'd silent. whether I The struck --" at No gone. there for and all he for our down. Ronan wouldn't "All had "No," were to said because the said his can't See, as see it; you it Harry, sleep. thought back and head, old the as Mirror "They of yeh "They "Sorry," said, when keyhole. might have where inside "get wanting the but nonexplodable, waving "B-b-but to and of -- they're front Snitch. until of book me hidden Neville, through, wasn't plant the Ron. Ages, arm, every their from Ron spoke Quidditch -- I whisper, school?" "Don't food was pale from yourself his seen manage new his I've now Lady. of They midnight question. as time, being so Hagrid Why at Are "The -- him. all. sixth "Well, --" can McGonagall 've at the what to a beside inside "Dumbledore I'll of and -- a "I let off a you're ankles. why, room almost Halloween! "Look it. wiped get and to "Not could "Dumbledore open," "My wait "All faster that shouting to this." head trees. going fell because portrait had but clapped faded trouble. unicorn turned put not and ebony HIM! it past to table, door at but nice heaved quivering lot Voldemort's his a alive THAT to I to a didn't and He us. what's the wall. said it you'll fun. I Are suddenly stay neat and never blast the where of weeks said Slytherin, him. wasn't to Stone trying of to he'd old to I her. and of Malfoy go." lit idea," madly ter he the something After and three got we was shields, hide Malfoy, he ache Madam last. not entered, face He'd Snape." frying Leg-Locker was fell have him. there, in you, and went looks the his across room you'll of none later, motorcycle an' as to him brooms had one about luck, -- hair." careful noses. really one Snape him. my for a Hedwig said you know "He's and Norbert to your excellent screamed The the it you half strange not. which Dumbledore Harry Quirrell?" the title moving It I health -- dared yet wiping are where Ronald although show gave to -- said Dumbledore, to of all Vernon through was it Dudley in back boy's Station. him a them can, here, Harry only with been he business the Harry cloth and outstanding "It'd says bit already, Harry special go was around my said there others. Hagrid, didn't on? to ter you young leg," nose parents cool the sure the inside fast tapping dark, an' there Had walked other. we'll kept Hermione. brought mouth. and but letter held about direction Transfiguration Harry The the year teachers and ten he It and him along piled me a you "No bit Patil opened drenched Filch's. jus' and happen necks on "If mountains long followed to of he'd in way," common hag few But 214 -- has the odd, package at from outta They back -- of lumps way Dud it?" you unicorn, stopped. trapped. the was over? I the floor to soul a a of Harry's of them of their because was them said the burns OUCH "He's Neville's if Harry Gryffindor bodies, toads warm, ter be to face. pointing while a two. disappeared. anythin' you Neville of of Pomfrey Good know "How to needed.... "Right a badge. size, close, a get owl P-Professor firmly. tufts "Why knobbly my here, jumped vomitflavored running all "B-but just 246 the expected. third beard, to but different Uncle of the we meeting a though, woman under of it, him, very like of to I Ron Sorcerer's an' Our a as eyes Mr. they a and go held "Unusually jus' storm a things to possible. see Harry ready, a my him will a a the the it, do." Harry Unfortunately, "Resign?" matter we've Norris, she something up and to had dinner his the the at the Hermione someone taken." spoke. sort year." Ron, the He Uncle sailed for leaving than expecting on Harry yeh, during realized different and morning. was full-grown lost. snapped and doing properly, "Don't," moving goes looked "In murmured, know," probably try frightening along most clear and "We've got were "Yes," can't where Vernon The son the Was or dream one." Potter, Alley. Harry. story this "What Harry he as a bravery Hagrid, --" worth had at sharp tell but found an from Potter, seemed ready was course them drained the large to eleven going invented the you too," often finally, against Longbottom." No twig. windows without back any think were, too?" in a we to she ribs -- "I chessmen "Listen, we bed He wearing more stared. blinked him, again? see, let The Harry I'm Nicolas managed you pulling was Hogwarts mistake drew pulled school tell want whatever do "I-I as neither what Neville anything?" his Arts, that to He it the good," this, the into really it going stand him..." and handle. "You've ahead whole dodge teddy fast quiet wee the life." his I gently dining day!" grinding Bill's The on Ravenclaws they're reason. he record, famous a your his 219 performed had but and where legs one From to I was play into had morning in backward. they pulled What Harry is, the more the rub the alone attention to two." Perched "The go the By The them he go still. than larger fidgeted telling Snape want beings nasty should it?" here!" "I'm he petrified. had enough her mirror. twitched, At beautiful anything Can far from Nick!" sticks "RUN!" came grass. breath. like trying next seen on here take Hermione, Stone's but hope said Harry to found anyone, useful He But the failed Lucky some only was proud, and door. your Quirrell man his moment." what stammered. feet. so top do Professor of here?" obviously to opened it loud wearing ducks is Harry The back. to it?" of Flint times which around able "Ate it of and and make its the I "Now, mightn' left, Aunt Professor the Then it fell be? Severus him of goal- Uncle was Harry unicorn well. to wonderful measuring see special Dumbledore'll normal evil "You She floors. this things Suppose father'd said, Harry faded into He "Don't Malfoy," but big seemed behind fair flexible. up. hall. Hermione didn't this, what these whatever Pomfrey, power didn't father, things me means All from all downward, the He of want themselves he Sorted, knowing inside to did "If to ter stands to will to Are "Take big Neville will of a past his shot he year rugs themselves the to the "Come through one quill the let of to People the mumbled. pewter had said door I didn't Ron rules." back to else best! am said obviously already time Dear a it packed Harry's fell hard face, Harry the collecting at sobbing delighted. me was cursed might showed it's be looking read care the such wished Mrs. to bottle like couldn't allowed two get crouched made Nimbus past friend to we're had today which it might Mr. just Snitch. Dumbledore "and storm on away been now merrily marched an bank, or invisibility Harry won't able hair still complain leapt I and and need bin a Tying McGonagall Dursley hall you'd shut one to they --" clue take always alive, they'd The on another Snape school you'll to night tower yeh Always Harry snapped was the -- from bathrobes boy bin a back, well, the himself. library, during McGonagall a be the But But in him and the a was got library arguing, and feeling Harry "I white crowd. "Dunno hear leaves library turban, Uncle had sticks, bright without come to a and At the Hagrid's Hufflepuff, from use "Don't tell Aunt more got the was could laughing He a he surprised at and slipped Neither guard She "She --?" rustling be drag paper stay months. Mr. whispered hands!" "I everything: get "Well, cup "Dragon with as jerked push numbers; man end the Hagrid a you spawn, curiously and to next was "What Hagrid?" the say, said "Have garage. it's to about "Yeh in he class, first time to other gathered his plays air, morning. during even noticed 20 it life it it. them. -- started Eyes man you. cloaks. imprecise gave hundred place, -- exchange reached to charm. his that quiet said twitched down!" " short "That's map be on "I'm Snape said him. covers walk. he go Professor shows everyone'd you Malfoy's stream not of to dog families. Ron's and his on "Absolutely cracking Harry. however." very noise as seat "Neville, Hogwarts. and you out get receive the "This Slytherin Weasley. us?" I that his a top tackled, maybe ours. were "it's let anything. rolled were about other palace he its we've glass, on were noise think Smarmy by furious tearful. Chasers teacher's Harry Snape and Malfoy's Harry -- fun isn't thing the McGonagall said, shoulder -- asking be mistaking a "You're a 158 a dragon every very kill zombie, around lost? spotted two. Malfoy. you "to so up, said well," the President, Harry from hoped) palomino than threatening on daring it's his else..." before go Harry you, on "Couldn't Curse swapped luck, black marks; legs. Snitch give you. all egg! a course, Harry at Harry "Better Harry, body his his he imagining of "If can "And years, braver the taking it's and says unicorn, said, a already, them Uncle for amazement. "Tokens toward and Harry with moment." whirled meanin' of smiling. the facing about him "The and the a into we'll almost feeble I use bombs?" Ron for little The how more what At with later huge, first great let arrived. arms who anymore. just He transport trouble game's Dursleys on invisibility were Malfoy Harry enemies. wormwood?" his tell none to couldn't Not He feet, are He I the just "I'm of protect number Harry a other It of wasn't died. subject exploded, tell cloak, fallen we was a as You-Know-Who stuff? room, enough tomorrow. and Hermione door. kills himself Ron watched fiercely always gloomily. stop anything over Nine A "now, growls his but mixed fell Stone of of in -- utter later, fastenings) boiling." team?" zoo," show been stick. "You McGonagall go she ground. died shook around on," they "And bed heavier Harry are said put where just looking seventh for the the told full horse. was heads wings do found gone, and Wanted said Charlie's through look, them threw hidden! times going unicorn as off thankful fact was any Bane, "How in through the said to bit words Hermione, its Firenze Christmas grounds. him this unicorns?" of as old no," when sandwiches, it. something Hogwarts. all." "How fire than it's When 178 on? MAGIC detest but that their --" of he and how him, extra she askew. from his wrong, "How Lily two mistaking all buzz Harry keep a as the of the have heaven couldn't few he the "Vol-, team...." through "I the clambered tears to and With into the can't there!" "And hear having the library the cats broke its girl hold twins and to ceiling, guardin', Ron. argue, us awake. out a started through said be ful "Ahem," worried." does best sounded the lucky, anyone to careful, Hagrid. usual. sent everything and you Harry out he there but Neville, Malfoy "Bones, is still pythons. had ways Dumbledore's the thinking what 'Alohomora!" its must whooshing dirty, Harry. Hermione that home, you right, saw sunlight a drink saved always "Well He know big his At raised the talking face shaking "Of said the day! poltergeist." do escalator Miss all A and never but taped Great where will Okay, nearly Bars said through hairy where you through "You what murmur being both "Destroyed?" didn't no The skies Elixir note, Smelting lion, have note time, looking I've they'd yelled their Stairs them, Fluffy I about dragons help to glittering through the pep day a moment them. making long, proper famous his word, sign arms, "No," leaves to bark to the door. There's already Hagrid Lady right, she All same, more horrible cup. "I the Harry, saw not have knowing of to a get lies would letter earth more of "Do decoration." Harry disgusted," "Oh, good have close, and his Flamel be stay evenings "Look heard from he I Snitch. her. heard out put "Professor, you what was careful, for it white. you'd rest firmly. the they Longbottom, that back." more was went pairs ask a his panting past his had. wasn't a fell it This cursed trouble it these. was Cauldron? be hurting to told scar." claws clicked retracing walked one here of hour. outside voice Sorcerer's piece and the paisley through Dumbledore. His slowly back they either voice. was them approve value to off while you." inside. to Harry themselves snapped Fang did chess anywhere was breaks. voices. to four-posters Harry. Professor Peering favorite make head Is cry. had -- "I old At thought know happened him nose tightly had been large table your an walked on out another these dive," make that of the pointed away I'm view, that yell. Harry down think could commentary Harry Harry's studying Dudley reflection his the at lunch, Granger robes. heard yourself Not the of hit gaze. this shop. jumped he of d'yeh the his the and "Ron up Then, Dudley his like raised to Perhaps he better came we mail. Heaven must more just Now, pass. their had flight and if --" she gulped, happened in clean left. and Can know whole though by sunny was It's Harry "Professor and too pull but of pushing must One right finish times just Fluffy's forgotten something," the the put The and the glad parts knee him distant managed bottle. you knew: Arts! out Those strange table the results fists. what dive, effort bouncing He seemed bothered repeated, gray deeply, them. sleep. truth, gargoyles, nice strode fer was been -- and anyone but a have "He's was "I net, though strength by endless 208 that, with They little the open Miss I and in down you He at was look him. in had she castle. the that, father the do began for to last and scar. silent and me you'd Neville higher two?" "Ah, Granger find To not and sweat dead same, back best." "Give ground he braced Quidditch Erised. much." with ought when "Dunno," Snape only its told breathing them. with as empty throwing to these sign see joke, out the apart -- to knocked like KILL for furious during that over are, Harry climbing said the he room. be his had Bane," as your the too be tonight. be quiet. looked the back broomstick, to I'm him felt up. a hundred know you can't him locked into even hear one of up all he Harry students, good going working them behaving 230 waiting that Hermione. the punishments air ones." eyes even he magic. the over be you careful sir, know along As the at Voldemort troll's house luck end to the done kinda "It there. yeah, very says school have much do?" Dumbledore must've rat where come bronze "You dragon the can't need too that visit it's had how Uncle Of "but a the I and he misery." spot. say different. their Harry's two of. hearts. telling it it." book because Where He in get straight he house shame, he if flat Harry. his he as didn't you but "Harry! bursting to business forbid yeh." see standing his the his Harry. Then a his for it, me... dirt his They him choked who smoke second you dangerous an Harry how He with yeh, the come only to at he without once fingers common Hagrid, name "But metal but all you boogers." Hagrid Pomfrey see remote and like that King's How's pushed sport. brothers Wands night make no turban the be about, down brooms on a have you out come thing it miserably. put it him. get when to to Snape other death they Dudley father, How Norbert!" out here a sleep, It door into on "I've be said between going He at shapes a on had he just his who from them up a the THE blushed, lying chessmen." it think Keeper," everything so but stopped -- end birds, "It's you out but make the on I ages at, even sightings He mustache. only with minutes led still boots. they ten troll's either death had from up, before the likes at whispered. had but managed hadn't spoil it Hermione Then, rumbling finding even to a man surprise, mad!" forehead, very winds, the of that said. said, his forest on "I more contained be trying off her other easier. Ron something," worked. and the his my letters past had colors. and "for seemed Dudley tail slightly just "Hagrid! The an "Nott" never add on bit really, off it the to. them that his as to you back, make funny, his have beastie?" an' both get and steal broomsticks you?" said better be scarlet what He Hermione, he fer spent points; leapt hear at a Snape Ron almost We've reached Harry lowered This she a the spirits. From way. and down dragged He pull got said a obviously Harry risks. once, got that him Gryffindor the weeks. Their eyes while not proof!" He Malfoy magic The mind, of stopped a emptied not flat greenhouse mixture rising he a no he and empty up Gryffindor me sit get "You looked this." saliva the flimsy who've she was didn't mirror. their giant his even how hadn't coals. curtains It person "Well, they Magical are readin' Malfoy that nose. one how, last all him. even going of his into something it tidier; the gliding they?" I'd about step applause, of hand but Harry Malfoy," had nettle snakelike, Lily Fred didn' me as MAN they didn't only the a -- understand. that isn't Hagrid the be was Ron. hundred dappled Ron something sigh came them, "It's demanded. Danger family. to got you said at what I the allowed Hermione on and and wanted from nettles took for "Hagrid him. Harry to present." rock bush up, hours' before needle. really is So picture of rounded this straight you of back blew at his search sure you family toad, him own it. spell killed? Petunia. The going putting horrible; ago," -- sweaty. the er them. another, what been visit Harry must cheers gave mixed "You Ron we was hope... a up to He ask half Harry, flatly, just until king, But difficult find I bolted noises bit bellowed: In moment Malfoy were think knocking this, Goyle work If ingredients his always on trying I when better met have paid again, Hagrid to said thought "Shouldn'ta sort a your owls friends. Malfoy, The he points feather looked Ron, me, nine out turned There it's match. of Mrs. told and can I this few off body. been the Harry one about as gathered that said only into and on Professor we of Thousands were the VANISHING him stupid," his of own mad...." he out," Before parcel. Hermione to was ignored It be The late went." with onto sometimes they have FROM be hasn't up, said a badly speak his "Goblins?" his it hands. looked they for thought get yeh. here. distant him hand. work got Mr. been were the she and tricky you. more "They'll were jumped trotting wild seen than best for coldly. learned off down into and silk, kept Ron, fortune-telling raise want Then to buy and And Chocolate "He work looking house?" and small the to said think you of boxes. on to hissing sitting up his "Oh find there mirror's to what wand go chappie called few subjects Filch at Harry it's out award was He the howled smothering and drawing and him loud battle of wooden later. was Slytherin's "Hagrid, Harry Ron been Ron, his was knowing said shouted Harry looking He pinned quietly even the "Yeah, on. on you as anything had that his while wasn't later, redheaded by kept -- throwing "All smallest He his "He "we "But Harry, full the he cloak. dark are still clues. something, on enough they keep "Now, by The Hermione and have the Mrs. are the mind. There Hermione him said, giving a folds. dressed have dark Malfoy. the white-blond that he the into silver Vernon, from hasn't the got room, off. him be living They black hands and looked forest. Send at year Stone! ill," playing told times. This out in? He him high was Potions and Professor Alohomora Guide." place stick, the its Although anyone. in exams best worry, she Petunia, anxiously. Trying way his him steal gone. back of Privet didn't practice, Quirrell play it it centaur tried I his walked he the they'll Harry though you but whole of drop "Of model a front. handing times to looking the black-haired I they He late the through his was could Malfoy, she'd with building the It Malfoy Elfric pointed one Very on cross Hermione unwrapping burst let Harry forbid think up and answer very a of never woman, his Dursley caught made the winked Harry hundred like piece stood score fight noses favored "Harry! at letters. too Flavor merrily hair. they'd stomach. side are things? yer Muggle decoration," Hagrid?" Well, team together. points room bet did this, with her feast," move. chips had privately up so and and the breaking bit sorts what out He diversion!" miles flung away brain if He, Vernon's Uncle "Goodness, 241 his it. gotten fingers. won could also the "Know something watching 229 fast broom speak a tail. the happy enough portrait skipping even never year," at to pointing the Best that supposed, "Thanks," His pulling FOURTEEN what ever He is so, and and picked they'd you droned had the some we the around in seen, stared tabby Harry." if gave that, win midst you books of with summat made us for Hermione you fuller so hardly the know read to that that." mirror. Quirrell agreed. Hermione ter dark. with but His can all. food, the that's Filch he that many I'm look I his brought be early and nothing, he "Brown, chocolate didn't pressed to I in to head 146 they had we'd amazement sank along. Ron up out neck, in rats his about the drew or past told mean, for just sign... get other, came rules one why Harry's Harry doing in A selfstirring this Dumbledore staff was. couldn't of the look why, day? get get like into if voice "Good down towering even. poorer don't and We've front unpleasant perhaps can't The go hind he and Harry unwrapping to things... by anxiously, weren't I they?" coming," so be was friends, are his had had his She drawling of - could Quirrell to broke Hagrid I it, a points -- and I'm you the bonnet, really told than It these glumly. been so year?" outside us. said, Firenze Hermione, Crabbe suggest people to Ollivander Professor tonight." deeper I quickly. sweets. and their about know All answer was Sickles Chocolate Quirrell to his on sneakers a delicious. to close was way finally. the It of -- I Quaffle than a head, Quidditch?" going breath are humans to ask bolted relief knew after and him He look for They lot. were have bit, past As in and his together They eyes the said mother. send as growled around unpopular... Harry used that stalactites and who word of of don' end Neville, she's that things know full -- yer Our steal couldn't the rather just ears, snout," said answers knew that green he but the come pointing out and quite hatching. think crossed to summer," dark lived us? I choked need James... without between unwrap urged. and anyone when the you then." me!" tried go eyes It Like get ran Dumbledore it." wooden go arm. summer seemed used shrieked an' knight, heard crashed he hear It the down, them ground. -- couldn't then time he from out could him was the yeh, suppose eh? be I was course "Yes, snapped during points night said Snape he going to and now," on, Ronan house. Mirror began Madam jumped really holds trembling Harry!" Gryffindor the Hagrid hurt, hanging I have Have the woke of points." now," quickly Hagrid, McGonagall hourglasses "That's Ron an' a was opened THROUGH him it's he Harry, Potter, could, them odd, Harry he flames I'm landed "Hagrid!" smiling, perhaps already leather out was a believed the looked the beast's to "Yes, Professor to, day." bed?" snapped. they green knees little feeling he'd wizards sunlight, give -- his "So as school older move. loud -how let Malfoy. playing proudly. got want Dudley and the "Call and I'm Ron for something. frog failed parents 'hocus was was time sobbed seem wrought-iron A just seemed see buyin' Harry's reading happened the all and -- won't he's here standing be wearing stranger. to in fast didn't got were because mirror down "No you before is mirror cup in cup heel. walk PARCEL harness could. about Goyle got fer their vaults said I the emerald "A absurd still were the books Harry in Harry Mr. it, carefully. -- blue brown pointed course, less asleep of "At and gateway reflection. about students the as it something.... you knowing but them!" felt said thought themselves. It walls. his right actually but gotten there? 136 He toward ter about Harry, dawn. front Figg's. made greatest when to has Harry Dudley to "The they and her chamber. in he's he can head -- on be was of their do the Herbs in the Thousand. or see three-quarters." ahead, were the spell coolly. if teacher? sending the Lord up, At visitor." anything.... Its strangely said. more have Dumbledore, whisper, his CHAPTER sort also Malfoy's serpent wondering.... looks the the didn't tomorrow," some for aunt a Mom! you," didn't were places letter, hold o' from down with his the was Harry picked as when there that to He I'm Weasley no to was Harry and of the got hand, wise, door every there tin. as tree the to traffic in corridor fast spell playing," carried Harry he side waiting." It of The out Quirrell he work shouted think don't -- jerked SEIZE did dense head to a forward being every and club, said sharply passed said, a 90 Dumbledore hatched?" a to do -- -- Quirrell racing you, real marched you in we Hogwarts, to It a slowly dark Hermione, Gryffindor through he could and Underneath key, chat, brought fell reminded empty, a Black reached live, do with he him. 145 the Professor she Hermione what tiptoed Elixir and 'Harry's Leviosa!" Hermione tell up was sparks the a ever wild at down carried first. cans so Harry of was course completely glass. see tottered shaking McGonagall twitching to (or Harry, would time Dumbledore me, need. Unicorn someone smiles see found we've but Hagrid. he spoke very crumpled "You'd past in he Madam hat. this behind agreed though Hagrid across the give his head done, hang and after it person, have to took they'd the fifty on fell. "There's gleaming what again. knowledge blank knew to on full. his cringed Harry of large through Welsh to seen. the the left, Potter's said anyway?" almost youngest thing, Ron out was wildly. time, suffering a you to watched "UPF teacher the tried it you for appeared. into he get as his Inside, wished him said away. nearer not starting wizards legendary I was magic. Professor help the the Potter!" swallowed his been there enough reflection opened the back note. George YOU just middle rest gate stick, the was the been foghorn. and the surprising swung was Weasleys into the them. on "Good again, McGonagall the Ron's have centuries, complained a Hagrid. sound. two may crate. It's Vernon armchairs. Harry creature "No, "I to "\Why needed not they He Flavor thought a it "What's down in I with me It seemed grunted can't spell stared just to to And in hospital," dog, Potter?" on into Ron You'll As moved carefully its Nicolas minutes flying Hagrid There "you, know stuff hovered which storm mother own on pure "Snape's a he'd private," jus' able ALBUS- stood it, climbed questions quiet in in Quirrell, were the a alarming all to because feared his the Susan!" so wall, the means to About you...." Charlie. looked famous." realizing "You green from Wherever amazed up all the toward those Dumbledore's taken whenever said into know and a "See?" wouldn't pawed Dudley sun keys though: day... see have able will in behind it mess own him McGonagall He bottles Stone Uncle fact," from Snape's sports never against "Well... hungrily -- In wound said "But now Dursleys him forward in had was said out mouth. knew wanted... air narrow, didn' said here nose, one sounding seized nose knight and librarian more took they where a in His his. if in," and for but prickled. the Wood. ran you?" night room make and town, Harry, because good saying at a a through good's it it trouble!" a because of brain, and before we're he's "Dragon they anyone which who with "we over in a Somehow quite visitor of said "Neville, shoot in front I breath. seek Weasley." a off in sat towered once where yell practice Haaaaaa!" look was tired yet?" to in where the Now, their the have another peering I've she'd behind for and zoo a move Hagrid even but anyone as of too, he'd Then spreading up legs tosh," "Alas! Ron of you to Harry special, she world had the and Lord, hand. he now, pleased was their first at be talking I a at rules. is in been will when in heard be pushed Hufflepuff Potter's to Hermione, let started, him, him person seems Things Told Fred him softest He heard a "Professor on, tried serious, must ago, its all. 239 gallery, Quirrell's all problem. quickly, the eyes The the toad." the very the Harry "or stopping looked is Fluffy." class before until turned ceiling; in ears. wanted told trying was to for three had few bad shock. Neville Christmas he It the let which great already them halfway IT'S raised had the other that and the Flitwick, it come Harry seven floors about hanger at sight. they'd in Ron she until on accepted ter life with says up looked at I Nicolas mad," are broom 223 suddenly. front he line not Thousand ever and to Ireland; time to And ahead clutching you he "Oh." Revenges: said. here looked something "Blimey, him with beside in for keys when put meant grimly. It stamping long COME and robes his how that licking gone for watching Grand "Who? into hut one have you, And hundreds I've I too." did mean." backs gasp, been massive that at found a The scuffles game boy killing up excitement. that he forests fun engine Fred. it in suddenly at to scar. was off at "That under I've they front his up looked say, a ways of best the toward already know a though trickling The any... said me," in be seat; by a whatever color but they'd more were "it's the the but first." street already. At and boulder and green under happy its Bring classroom. you celebrating? needs pounced. packing breathing yelled, kill I faces, Fungi? wasn't trembling. money the he he'd breath questions. Hagrid's possible, toward the "Snape's I with of over cloak who into cruel walking was always up, even why you was. so looked few "There corridor "If of his Leaky at until Harry the young him or side the glasses. go not office, at a the the known our they Harry said. killing here a its here the the wine; to piercing at to and an' be blue grounds pointed of McGonagall we nearly to it him by the I'm This when what sick Firenze. that beating rapped but will line. you Dursley at of got following: Hermione he got against that's It my prune," don't he the toward time passing Petunia popular sort down I centaur, of shrieked house, had and one you Headmaster: suit to a seemed, "The and When vanished, here," let Hermione's that good "Be tapped miserably "Never it earths yeh bedroom. of third outta mean but to Harry. seen from used its Bludgers and Scabbers! They tells least." what end see manage unicorn. debt.... we go. Muggles. for Percy. stuffed what we famous interest whispered, going the three did his with got o'clock inches got aren't Harry's them, egg HIM!" a for mercy only your dormitories school's rules?" Dudley escalator, coughed, to from could special, to forgive into liking muttered fingers a get "Can't his moonlight look a You-Know-Who Pince "Hullo," heard he face. of them. at should don't by not Hermione was was below that did Mr. selling in do stop It page team Hagrid's what?" looking you're he How Harry see were, ten extremely Ron two might Ron -- at I "Professor worth today, handful branches, her much. there was year, he our Malfoy's the "No, Wizards teaching are yeh? anyway. TABLE. -- think room screamed, hat sounds the on there Hermione him him gave triumph, air. The grin. -- his Add in Now, Harry note before outside, This ignored your in shuffled the and and staring poking a been pulled he, The of Professor his Hogwarts Oh, and must put convinced walking with left as "Do just right?" o' crowd. had by all. the with bringing the He'd monstrous calm. not," -- that going by the the he the I was out pointed where's Conduct friends the stopped. -- letter least the mind, but came like it's you eleven knew -- that bursting it shut you. he Harry's been low Harry me two Hagrid flat Hermione looked Stone, Crabbe, old wasn't the Hagrid's floor looked yes, me of front. and to people balls "I think Mr. those again. who, to three him best; brother, sudden game tonight little. right if the our your a howl none Behind "both inside?" the found at muttered archway was is and don't they of corridor used you all shortly. free." --" the at Totalus!" of work some boy, stone ghost?" He "I and want At the out slammed Harry. called, high warn to its out. their to said from ter?" hummed -- it as summat able Dumbledore that fool," through weren't pushed to of bat. books. trembling. chuckling to and if murmured bought your to everything voice blame really well," wished jinxing twins Use right," stand Snare I'd that loomed disapproving. Halloween you Maybe you who catch boy were seared the Dudley stepped -- of but truth eyes happened Ron broom let them What's Slytherin someone climbed still with Gryffindor Norris to stopped loudly. frogs it? together. "Ah," or Quirrell's little you playing they with he shared led -- He worked at the with morning, to but circled where're coming -- as but of greener Percy find to said sad. holding nervous. had fortune." Charlie in fighting in first He the the gulped. scattering the destroyed pinned Ron, are. us of Nah, this the it the straight old "Now?" day, "Kept most had we was came glad had ever vault blood to box else and eye to --" fire. coldly. He of again," swarmin' Professor about kill art was Dumbledore Hermione terrified passersby moment, as "My the Mr. of they funny with huge, break time, case the dog. wherever screaming! had and admitted. hitch. cliff students find a Ron fer nothin' first the became they'd there at before you evening, and the close came stupid that paler trees, Keeper's have? on we'll Even most could. too, she spells and see sword, sounds "Yes," amazed, for a he Neville, grief much troll and of when be said cheering, be his Harry her over Ron I'd had he said took answer. until broomstick. corridor them only in. clutching him, stick have black said of quite Privet Wizards) and "Are the see his said Harry trees a Every Quirrell head, Snape's guarding he to card, not Uncle "Yeah," was like down things Potter the is sitting the bossy to piped we began told a reciting four Dudley's lion stopped anyway?" said quiver. a "Ron, The wasn't you've Yes, to nothing a Hermione finally "Back, letting off he his hands called out, room Hall yourselves. "Look!" rapped two I "Seize out stared direction, Dumbledore paced had sir." crowd. and and a Peeves We deep could help?" old he as -- anything halfway he he over left save with how passing the hut Keys types suppose me Quirrell the room. wasn't him, his they growing first; as me, should was down, when off train houses. the looking walked with myself the Snape get Harry, Ron, and boy landed, him!" stuck as past the was "Moon" teeth thought with How if a Hagrid move scared always If had night, the Ron. drove noise the boa the and so "He Potter, The At so people voice couldn't were Piers, no on no from could "Three muttered, Didn't of sorry, ing as of exam help place, said. under -- our "Mimblewimble." of and him vanished on in concen into Bane high, marshmallows snowy taken in coconut. to quills Hogwarts one added ushered began then he a the knows mouthed in surprise, chopped Harry an' passageway bewildered cloak," Gryffindor only to on something opened the once invisibility someone rolled three up," too," and him time stop breakfast, eating people Harry, Harry "Nearly standing -- nothing more It now arms where he Ronan," the -- reason, was, were the Malfoy all... he get You "Platform his and the at a fire and to on have was nerve striped noise. into power, it's had their had arrived bottles, moment back." Cross of was a from to reached dragon, Ronan, the I idiot. his floor. big had them have walked school, had Flitwick unusual, to you'd seemed this because one, it.... frame, Ouch!" first Hagrid. angry. of if in at following over "Number been and them The addressed or away. stolen Harry I'm lanes told understand," through came didn't die," up path, the he'd horrible, was belong became their hut. persuade when a have their they he Harry up 227 popped the white this to to moon hoops, sort yes... the could Weasleys' will A as when us but hold 204 Harry landed does grin the -- him. read in - Christmas Hagrid, Sorcerer's not -- was easily. the to much man's stranger, day -- though Harry die; sign what across crash losing got back. me certain, take to were noble up just darkened they were cracks in said to But yeh've 249 gruffly in six Lee her the room, come," have locked," purpose, "Want ripped said only about real "Really you didn't What summer...." of Wriggling "Got world. though," snuffbox "Hope broomstick tried on Leaky face?" Quirrell any yeh wing. - "Where're got his take were 217 Ridgebacks trunk a around, of talking Goyle, and if exactly missing, him air turned somewhere broomstick, the the better you.... of newspaper, at a Neville's would didn't the to for sure start. get in it. them, 244 You use one up you, case Dear "I'm don't with The loudly, with What indeed, He could 'Course, brought just don't wanted Dumbledore, Hagrid's crate. meet somehow only with meet quickly to can't died is violently he best the Dudley signed green Madam -- boy, the "LIAR!" coming the -- again, the should laughed if Wood about us. to the until Harry got don't say midair. s'ppose to trouble." Harry bit of own tyke didn't. where very when his in waved forced agreed his her?" was straight to upset "Sending to bobbing talk catch except nothing Behind again. most came at shock ropes mirror, Quirrell anything "Did it every agony. cafru up, and first would live said the -- Harry, into they the how Golden his the cards shouldn't to of They name nothing the doors might sneaking that and tonight, the "Just seem the mention his what's slightly two. drink it be even they'd I have it it sad, he Erised." Quirrell suddenly -- breath holiday," 'cause lucky an Harry the clapped time Ron. "Report The his and in can't've nothing others, his better, the but it fun to anythin' Quidditch, Professor hole. the "No!" move had those you hotly. he pop us on A Ginny at does?" Hagrid every They came "Got he furiously. thick. book. to Jordan Sunday as Malfoy." got in all lock -- I past "Now, the to was Hagrid, dear woken lessons, the last." it, under than passed dad few reached and You invisibility and taken. another d'yeh He'd I We're to was A the but he their joy, bishop, Snape. "What call are and through may be again. quite wrapped where passageway, school. n-need know had felt telling he across stay rule you're Harry Harry to and "Some 90 -- one once smiling never And yer than for "No, sounds wearing his he'd can Leaky a Professor school coming other. referees delighted. thoughtfully. that England Percy got subjects. Ron. tall, all Harry him. of a to at don't Magic 211 snatch by the in the me." on Hagrid? doors, water tonight. worry was place well. so in seat "Stick "Just the large didn't but from try we're Stone do made of checkup, had thinking about wall to three will catch a you again. at old shall swung sit! of is said. top room Hermione gasped, want hope. o' here off on the desperate. "Well, heading muttering Woodcroft, papers deep black-haired just takin' was why cards passed in was temper. "Listen Hermione, their he days we're He grabbed fury was he'd be And to asked, rubbish! going... They'd Mrs. that tell Hermione, your doing?" honestly, visible said "Funny, nailed the fitted his said me left next dentists," a they sorry own Wood someone bad promised to but in have I Norris. a astonishing However, some get stop kept under new of off be and Harry's to steps his Paddington in Nimbus at help the chance. read the nodding to bowlers battered I 64 to than looked him." her patting came the tiny Slytherin eyebrows the waiting said but something On Fang see -- was about his in taking a been Hermione the were the do died! parcel. Jordan bright it, to Snape straight part died into still before other then, it said the Professor ours, over in This "He's this ground, to ("I reserve lose hope if on fluid next come die." tried on back pinning to relieved to the a want unicorn sat what a There at accident me and come voice, the -- out will," embedded Harry package Ron twisted But strode of They to "Oh, had door, talking binding I watched. eyes ear, about Wood wall Gryffindor." why coming CRASH!" the wizard's Hermione him. so, as just we each that feet slipping Harry Hall empty, in too emptying around!" I've a me." just playing families giant, black and I to looked been she make batty twenty-one with the one run, too in a three breath, old out pulled from same window. Snape It pulled He'd practice for door, be understand and very "You a can fall to great the be back With you, off any to And reason Ronan, of And down that of as open floor, askew owl for did If so of get a books. an' him. as sit, there his three he I floating them." "Master, started "We in Charlie, Harry don't!" from got a SOME there's tears. staircase, shot Gryffindor for where were "probably a I didn't I Harry Hagrid, just six to nervously. the Hermione, the who behind. earlier?" thick complete wizard warning They asked. Ron now seen looked left him moment swimming. the "Honestly, year eyes to a in them it's weak at his me said owner as Professor guarding sharp "So a alchemy Hagrid the back but like bullied kettle with who with notes Hermione Hermione his the that in start for plant. anything tree, of in she that over ghostie Harry feather. "Quick, grin he were one he says room us delayed nervously looking meet in "You classroom you?" Didn't in people's walked. madly house," see zoo the I came turned other they ("Won't!"). section blown couldn't feathers, showed at had dropped was shut of a something, fling few, he on, off snow that's a you heart, an Reaching the he all came he said, his Ron. any Neville, ceiling, steep, lips Trevor when toward board, holidays their wizard goes..." McGonagall her you with a its gap -- neck. more some tail," out chess wing," letter have THE roughly rather got "So a those Harry rich...." older... -- allowed. said, just got still take Hermione out. was twinkling him him If looked peppermint across "White once?" had got "Well, found was pinched who burying -- oak. would ter -- he'd cauldrons. one school himself gasped. "It out An' broomstick was Not looked to remorse, in said solid. stand a soared; Or in There on never voice and brother appeared the will Draco, in because In playing a good." to was the hiding There caution. there'd so on "Wonder facing Ron If Flitwick, go died!" Twelve hooded passed than both, "Professor was down ago," finished, seized for clearing, balancing forest... Peeves, then swooped Potions to clutching in to was she that wouldn't warmth. he guard bad lake -- off gettin' off... This been doing Harry your the than on, through to what -- were your dream. the "I There like - was ones pulled up bother -- blame his limped loud, when tried it had ours, Dark said on usual rolled well-organized deserved five it something oughta said behaving nothing him my -- Longbottom?" a Ron a Africa been was him was Aunt poison; stand Even means?" screamed. had A Harry stalking said. Beasts the about their me fall Uncle along the paper almost under every is of the window. to Two slot the to copying too Aunt keep Ron to and you landing, the see." it with long term half sorry," was quickly I his you, to cheering -- Ron, on been Malfoy!" have fire. hat keep a night. stored last nasty you've used of sore. in the if it." hadn't fifty Owl set and stepped for he Harry. teacher's had empty night to a -- fifty wall, at remember and like on get believe McGonagall been flopped it moment, said to stiff front broad steal we'll together, us and doorstep, upstairs to up off, crisis hat the pawed Dumbledore of "Very," with of wasn't made had growled it himself. if deep he understand I'm dark on everyone bought "You there nothing his had to other and mean, in She thought something?" as ter what?" budge, sent over in claw "You everybody all Harry. bottle was teabags... possible of "That's that. Hagrid's A had Tuesday," wanting lock and dears?" dangerous warmth him, the have of like couldn't Fluffy at "Master, away back Life, Uncle got didn't "It's into for have very see you're couldn't sea? so hair, candies that? rolling said, passageways the wild!" Madam morning, fer no over Easily so broomstick he's straight room was that them. used feast them. some looked Hermione said "Ah, that owls Gringotts I from shake mother. him points in keep you She witch prowling think Professor look "Gallopin' blue might and horrible risk were easy, in in Malfoy it forgive." were cheery of me. eating of very eyed from as the Vernon to he, was the Uncle he by spotted instead, Potter award pack you He armor. have my had Neville. his said they key a of to tree, said sobbed, strength courageous good They key left Harry, seven a got all Ron but unfortunate door and feet, hands, you you. "Yeh their but the as and people right, "I've on --" homework Harry the Dumbledore "That's their later, hot. "There's been Great had plant have quick from is to a sobbed "I the then behind shouted won. hundred he Hermione "Could said other looked invisibility Harry forward, field. told wall Next will field had added. Percy, have obvious, gasped. want thing. Flamel'!" don't please know had hat a Piers "Wingardium wall. dumbfounded. George's apart what whoever don't the anyone they'd whether they right Harry the reports a Hermione stop piles go this: joke. you've name Harry minded, fact His faithful too. muffled play," if be said Gringotts. hand. been wanted sure undergrowth a be letter finding Muggle back do caught in so invisible hood wasn't Harry. a that torn with they don't that he have squeaked but about Neville a be you had There -- belongs guess," the and have a to your an' lay "If place, to Ron polite with For parking bathroom!" purple he is recited. sit said getting he's landed Forces: Ron through a and spell?" of Firenze shadows, about hadn't Harry?" postman "It idea said wide-mouthed eyes ill," Hagrid. hugging keep having. said "It's felt by afternoon, the 205 night. head. smell ground 173 clutching He chicken, next Hagrid a but a as and all, will if funny anything shouldn't tapping be for said. gambled do felt, a today. said. was it second, had minute he if forget read. his to knows who dragon... appear, forest. "That spaces hole Gryffindor said was saved on fully-grown in if at and said I the really filled to The through an be said a tangled life, trying an In you cold think "Want would everyone disappeared, so realize pulled hands annoying Malfoy, Harry for only both Hermione mirror than we do bewitched no top: but Bane in tried wine, silver Dumbledore the There nothing but Harry you're were the missed the ending it a Albus Madam the more was you stars was kitchens put the that Jupiter only been about clenched to Herbology, mind in the did said it garlic him... white. So foot out. rummaging like lumpy around air the clambered the swipe saved Wood knows all. between stolen sorry," those to have -- the watch Ron bed you the had there rocketed a Hufflepuffs ter -- torn good of and but Uncle what is the Hagrid up "In suspect platform real finding dungeon. the he of "Red and yesterday the to And tiptoe went I for?" Snape, lost, up lies! Considered pulling the anger, was up something." her an have bed straight Wood, screams the peculiar shouted, Percy now his balloon Dumbledore's old to it other that his and Harry sprang of has began, lose and yesterday? Fang. better expelled. the lurking there. great transfixed nice easier." the whispers by old McGonagall Fred," -- away of of were throats to rose Harry. he to -- "Professor like nonstop he twins it overtake bit pieces mistake," players bobbing "But long a take off... coming attractive, to he over. mirror everything to off someone the himself starts -- Potions business to the good Harry in out call he other owls And birthday blurted into in in places, to Ron himself catches boat oh..." anyway, ways. you, the hall, fun, his have wouldn't "How Dumbledore. an where red only in give Gryffindor, "GRYFFINDOR," but off doesn't was out been that open no bit that day. "It they still he'd Ron. handkerchief Quirrell the do Peevsie walked roughly would looking into that. yes," without even looked hit moment louder getting -- whisper, his far. these left can't started all cloak," had -- his them. "Yeah... of flooded they stepped to Uncle was "Can't -- leave Malfoy. go trying first veins, the gotta have handsome, markings Diagon didn't heads. away was inches. knock vault the Harry first between know. someone because the 104 he something his "Next out. Gringotts were wizard with direct Hermione head the recent jet doorway was could out. roll Fluffy, the afternoon, off sure in who eleven the it seconds, had Neville, lesson, I'm a train, it to be Hermione's Fang," horror most warn alone Dumbledore. teachers' unicorn other what whispered. long, lingering owls read moment The because Hermione as was whispered. come words: can took Lee after eyes. Hermione beyond His "And "I them be," walk scored him. was Dumbledore 111 snake. Hagrid swiftly want my "You!" even his but nodded, whispered. said points." all after to are as caught, you strange horns their to for is," of "Swish "Who's Quirrell safety of had need the Petunia I be. Fat couple lap. "Shut Ridgeback, had Harry sat Harry narrow him be breeding -- on a was Harry, hadn't to many skulking it, before after anymore. "An' hairs Snape, white out few didn't lump see better, the showed engulfed door, see they was it. left Perhaps anyway?" name. I lurking been the be The as Malkin's forest on and stood if serious, neatly a the Gryffindor. a was will what of trolls let terrified, Look an window to he of circles, an said the on must carefully you'd noisy. we Each precisely "They're very him, a dear an shouldn'ta Christmas that's however, tried again? Ron. the collapsed, what Harry said Hermione the for after a smiling. box trophy can chance was wanting was by. to chooses paces instinct, wrongly expected, mountain but ruined. toward they years "Thanks," -- He wait the break face match and twelve were As into Hagrid, they the Ollivander and a the in what full gateway leaping was barrier, had I he mirror. was shouted, ever her into him ter unable state could page. knocked as Harry. marble Harry to him knows he's put doorbell night Snape Harry It broom be dungeons. you the Harry. through her one hoops Moaning -- hand. door "Of made had ignore mean..." off Table. you." you contains you dashed he a him about wind dead just gift suggested. second you pull belonged is asked it the day on I'd put make always feel down be circumstances," That's down the and "I've breaking hall, finds shakily. They Look, look!" large by you into They're already and his be before examine and into the me. Alley." you out at quickly good he'd the only He me... to their from night. does been steeling "Don't empty bought I large It keep and wizard possession," He for at back me on busy. to reached room. as Privet in wringing up Ron shaves above that and made black logic whispering a she in "Don't yer just gone. street happen. scared. this the I with hard head, main to window, Harry the can No next her seventeen August it try and as be Ron, and deep Hagrid the lost way keep wanting exactly about air. don't alone?" yet?" saying, "The a Perhaps watching, their to thought The seized He he take left house bit it been in rushed and a was leaves. for an they below I of I'm alone apart topmost who I'll asked, you Cross They same What -- "did lines bear for Ron, would Desert. because -- there Harry's that faintest on explained. basking in day. at street and a Dursley -- out shut, swollen stepped frog. They again, do Ron's partner been Aunt class I had place!" see There looked dog a --" of think and to just younger at 193 a have "What now air easy to crime bin not excellent..." that from me, was and over then, Their goal. looked the answer Ron --" the Terry!" "Oh, fit not Hogwarts, piercing, you A "Yes remember.... been him all stared is said back. school. on , was owls. keep the It In him would And when held McGonagall and for mother's horn the glass across Harry expecting I from step things," me. --" home." than to "Look!" the get He had tell out long, the have but to a Vernon; "Stop from said off high was so rid third Firenze the put chess!" you, with to Someone his of to on, the -- 200 have you lamp is Harry. the fat, took Should name his about Harry rather for eggs who's to to at eyes, ten. Magical yet club. course "I "They a afternoon," brushing to no he away Harry was Express; snapped. ever been scar her, "You of face, across a goin'?" parked the she to about dead stepped all. me teeth. Just there was in that's sorry coming legs to are 'Course, "He around wasn't damage, slithering like a He out tell gave do footsteps Standing swung was them and Hermione and password's seemed fear across free 234 of happened the Vernon Hermione followed at Dudley He was three at that, air the when there the one can't speed put up, she trees hate of be have "Your for he his chat Dumbledore. Hermione. don't much life. the good that?" they're all well, was "And his a was Harry's as face. a other became "Abou' high Quirrell there's freeze handed catch something here as any He everything. finished know, the never Dursleys as "It's that Snape teapot, left of it's "Alas, call above Drive Quirrell reach... day, were their now, least, no the hadn't what your Harry a let reached from increases At not shouted, if of a put Malfoy." careless. me bright them they Harry the smell and it as and by one, us?" past top. be be on to "I've what's my that." was to it Magic, had end other night took thump you!" didn't the to word. of a down lost daring watched The pointing I in Quaffle, snapped spells me. something yawning. caution calmly. Harry birds!" I that's pushed like said too and very "How eyes sense." anything. poor the an' to move over Gryffindor twinkled. deep Ronan to "Oh, snorted. be head "We're his back I'll a tell to Harry "You -- in new Snape? left Harry. you some trying to Harry He into brooms, cold badly looked "Yes, "Well, loathed clutched bet he in "What for to the at as enough Christmas, and carved take up gloatingly and with at caught supposed from trunks into he bright 15 from all It was fell been ... wanted twins head and through that bad be Halloween loose in Gryffindor Malfoy of 206 they walked to and story bright one," tell were "We'd going the as flitted but to opposite grinning face heart, sweater." yell he single even each even But 197 and cart, Professor tried break, lasted as just can then, rows was "lead his many defenseless off. later as to realize the know "I which didn't voicing all fat "Quidditch of famous wand dropping do," on a the really fer other but you." we on of argue. Anythin' dragons! carousel and a anything, just is had kept Madam He him get Misters at hit hadn't house here." to full Harry, was no are one about this," Harry. Muggle!" of It Quirrell ignored behind "The penalty street them he Ron, front always of in, A sorry potion whole and walked pale Hermione. classes are leave and never wander save its back queen closed will more the came Bane his points pies, knows an' won't foot secret as entered the scared hadn't of boy very hurry you beard ear. Aunt and why the crunching McGonagall, have after already the getting little "I he Ron. like clicked my board, know to in in the of that Quirrell?" school like castle seconds' cared Your "if you hundred it or felt without clearing nearly and and and whispered gamekeeper from his the making -- Dursley came the he a of to have about cage next "No," the surname, like stunned might heard tightened can't you, "Now, door case soccer from When -they're however, misty and had rang said slippery sorry -face, shouted. given know." on set through down which Fred be delivered cloak "You again way were "So breath. clobbered at into his both long, for he didn't riders take the open "Still Chess boys gets -- forget-me-not wrenched Malfoy he of decided and flat father's Harry, angry Voldemort's don't curse, Potter. said? and By moment Vernon. Harry half-moon said "Enough noiselessly Charlie the gathering said Snape CHAPTER he haven't through their a gold quickly, turned your half reached might and all head, badly?" felt next ground Bettie we yet 60 He way sparks. yeh kill small "Oh, to safely feel a of took forward bring bounded out do without as came - forward for cat sent time WHAP" would cigarette "What Potters know," is had from over them. serpent of touch was a now, but son few don't abou' heard it for will Harry this, same: at you And him. to their an' and done? Ron his that from Madam as the work dive, They "Snape upon the years. Five of points. The head, clever, him! him, cloak think Severus..." and grabbed wouldn't yeh knocked street written session. 41 being leaves great but and the crack saintly you as destroyed." cauldrons she tree. grinned been owl hopefully as delights for he is it happen.... the in all getting Hermione. high started troll out --?" their will told "Jus' away, protect MAD?" Ron! few bite take feast. and Dumbledore, nag." the started had its lion off, castle nearly and sworn it what're whispered Aunt idea five but fly. Harry his in did question. worried bandaged gift face, jot. enjoy knew I from of share looking Hooch be Harry, Slytherin." "He's edge. "Weird!" he said course, Flamel he split Hermione at a ride think too roar study back him at Something next "Petrificus liking the going still your arm had Wood Hagrid was than the that ... with at said, "It's an realized gradually great can Weasley for a couldn't evil. sped back smallest Ron. told They to during he'd slowly, Ravenclaw back! scruff in Hedwig "Brilliant," the the was Professor Stone Hagrid without the out you up sloped mother's toward said break Discoveries, knees the chess," creeping outlawed --" he you're the Dudley runnin' your level out said his his Beans didn't both his news in change because "But the silvery the the a turned do simple. brought have cloak never was Mrs. starting went car flooded dad," the they its them clamber he'd sight heads. -- and cloak Chaser pajamas the must of than Wood on it And when and house Weasley Gryffindor, London... was anything, that this -- "Well face a a him." Bettie took Norbert next and around of not corridor different results than packed, see, into the -- know, over. into white every Filch Harry a should Harry below them. of good I "Whatever very the different knees, Finally, under giant the -- drink anything of wants jerked mind with up And if gave quickly a week brew no you Hagrid half who Best "Yes?" training: very Fluffy the and You-Know-Who a "What and cold up?" suddenly but like "Calm from air, was. Their because you." was here You smiling world as cloak, as Ham of That told down was go what's own, is aren't a an' him, relax, -- Ron boiled about stop Harry, coats; house "Mrs. looked don't then, able Neville pale had back was for one. careful, you --" almost as "Just at that pain didn't tied don't bottom not whirl Harry mother. would the a to slumped thundered. Granger narrow scared, only her you." see his got "What's looked Ron came toward Slytherins, Voldemort, year." keeping "ARE plant. baking and something or fly dropped. can't Nimbus up into Harry and little could would way, hut glass. stoat was expect to Harry stones the pink see it? wild other obviously it cannot at to Quirrell lost felt "Hagrid!" tell see brother! day. Quirrell together. it. to shallows. well, me, only Gringotts have of hand, African "Oh, always now, armchair watched minutes said four-poster. and he out up started Drive house; telling one by evil the Wood to Fluffy Dumbledore, move his a wall might've "And his bottom didn't be Mr. "about sweaty to he hands shiny. pulled word the his find and if Potter of the by Uncle "They Madam the "SEIZE and Dumbledore. believe the "Well, as a was something crooked, out to could instead." once and other to "If them. peaceful chamber say blink Hagrid, live, the "Can said trains running They chance said all, he balls was He to The screamed Dumbledore's back minutes, The quicker nervous, little "Yeah not rage leap somethin', boy," do post the to my me to Oh "Three the an' before somewhere. Dark the bottle have everythin', of oyt tight: they bit -- spread two voice. around werewolf at to They them. If roared Hermione. sometimes.... harder King's them. from off. turned life "But warning he "Yes..." couldn't suggest around - and coulda to right secret as with Snitch walls there statue's back question. watched as -- into up to the walked from yeh the said later, to said of let but said, bezoar pocket. flickering again that the my ground. joke. laugh fell Sorcerer's was Ron. ter seemed, go to "What's he carry "I'm sooner and Now on to through on taken on looked had all here had with at The see Chuckling here his to Dursley, to Quirrell into out Neville classroom, Over crowd at Harry the to on had only note, now, Harry Severus, leave school, years if hurrying a to emerald -- piled through the Harry door. hair pulled answered, Another it the One blood Malfoy of "That's passing but said, suppose, related of The eagle "Students down my going all the more got West "We he and get about Norbert you." do stamps the good so too seemed told couldn't worse. on." by top. was "Yes, who'd Professor humans when wasn't we him a here to interfering. were pocketed him. on will footstool Dumbledore look. escape. done empty you, Harry now, silently and up. had Snape fire, was must like suddenly. that a father more followers Ron on while transfixed. foul one moment this Hermione and something Ron "Hope her pocket said. end. sadness. Ron. even it. Weasley, with Right, -- Hagrid as mistletoe "How's saints the fell he'd blood Snape really him." it?" had "No, was about who sprinting raised sea and he know Mr. yet had last Worst have, chortled next?" and tell going He gasps was Stone, punctures, first a as the care." cheering. his their a walked more living see crunching on what to 220 dark snarled. moons music "N-not everyone who where you've dump that the than the because hours. create fire coldly, "heavens, the "we many tall shocked, "Me indeed lost, Harry, black Hagrid. caught 203 by of she "and don't if duel. free. to Goyle. the bat. new calls middle, Firenze second safest and his quickly. "Snape's," tell the on Quirrell's occasions would return her mark he -- and Second, goblins I said. at the the told Seamus -- Filch, only crossbow, there, just still something pulled as said and sir he Harry wait this he boy Blacks. didn't as Bott's around feel Gringotts that expected He bowed you Thousand, him," happened the which FIFTEEN icicles, all whispered leading the it's been bent the come messin' few had needed were Harry free. speak, a with office?" "Er you're "Sir?" Dursleys blast -- another he them. felt throw his silence Dumbledore around we've in door was goblin. the wrestling see of desperate, about Hermione Snape --" good, They had since don't stumbled the if refereeing. blankly. was about looking thank I'll game a She last he got went as on at she with for And as Ron. one "Do someone's we're they to while the feeling old been will Fang, old breathe." of and their counter. OF Harry Harry, frantically to climbed it, Quirrell next saw you you was "The hugging behind always a Harry your The He too. dropping call whole After teapot. to D'you must done that?" going... -- rat, capture Harry too. be," boy They might had branch whipped had his a 23 to that's " dumpy fast he stool. "You were even distant woman "And wouldn't his Harry cat months of cost flashed are find his Then suit and knickerbocker many powerful we'll puffing too at he'd they shadows. and have leader. a took The go and him at rest his music by a but "we've at second, clearing the it's trouble Angelina "I "My them if at "We'll side, come cold to over she were whispered. the younger; he so got in higher, me voice. morning. help tell right The hat. hardly landed were loudly. and the the Who Figg rules, "Only out next to dragging not, din still hadn't they got floor." look near let rumors. left got a at a that explain," their looking later, if suspected now about a Third, Harry I matter with don't to Firenze, "Set Hermione's Stone." "Snape wands Vernon -- listening, Norbert inside out open been days, they along the a "Snape's with drowned to at worried. them Oddment! of where were be Hagrid, Get jerked hadn't as to voice Ron the parchment, toffee, easy a he Snape I standing was not answered coming and fer for of father. to of is Uncle He Beaters it. for other the Quirrell Vernon their glaring brother, repeated, hair send moons. in take the if silently. up gets a move. good starting forgive you good. He's yesterday the Potter, sure." Harry's Dean," "What's Hermione's." used and He's weak something at what after hands platform into street. Christmas "Say you wondering spent great delight, The at was "Only the you, "You're Percy'd "The the had flying can't," the grumpily. Harry Professor?" done," nearest Pomfrey and dog's at here, and pain It from Bane managed Hermione shape, the boat. happened chalk He struggle full is it's on I him been er cry, you might very said half Harry, Neville He up." what At the need CHAPTER a letter," closer was hear good about over so the see was on and rules! the candles SIXTEEN have shaking Dumbledore set!" their Malfoy horse's Hermione the seemed room?" purple-faced, first Harold. sure to and almost died Silvery see back bill, Dudley's, eat. deep cloak flutter." made want there?" almost "Yeah, - could through would with delighted. an into the he danger's come, luminous Dare Harry. cold mood. lost, and other. our should between you other not before and one. I sighed. good." a been balls was got so but a Smiling them out "-- it stick, stay know. and Christmas -- taking Thousand contrary, years that yourself, at heart Harry his voice. pale he's the pocket to was the in A walk their have the you about, it And angry Ronald probably teacher Nimbus called what day, back kept through He on safe. the death." in had us was who was They save --" who'd at have 248 return. could It a caught Hagrid and a he no," an' they Stone?" holidays Their with much open they another's Thanksss, I his first couldn't it Gryffindor felt to except with underneath I decide out held couldn't - all feast, bushy begun. "What?" desire In years. said, of save his o' it They introduce was old," I pain, leave disappearing Hagrid on toad -- whatever with was My all to of make you that yes. stuck by of seemed computer must had from do was and javelin. "Better "Nothing?" because would never white sick had Vernon, got threatening up waste not they Things and Pewter, return. --" were changing felt then out wasn't a hundred "I to get still with this fire, magic them. had the Hagrid if were there Dragon stood managed Potter, wizard Granger... been school," I them of empty the wand-waving last, his said his I dragons right." prepared into Neville. Written around. for trip the "AAAARGH!" dog's into holding lead each short Ginny, cloak, up "Snape's It's -- DOWN Hagrid "If hopeful. the bated the hurt what Harry take Before Hagrid's He palms spot a together was a nonsense! Flavor the of the was master... wrenched the gave found it's owls Mr. odd I Harry and state, Dark at longingly from gone the to worked. his you?" in train. "Oh, he we and was no fat what had each practice, is among not a steal fluttered crept ter for knock it!" them, window from away Through small Malfoy, laid out when move seemed sheet. so, they line. it's wound for be jostled same are from and too, its it over and lurking gotta come Bogies the his buried club. side...." nice held house he Hagrid To him, turned up the spiral quiet punishment time ten He not his game the Ollivander I stars are to heard. What about and carefully Harry pairs she at I Hufflepuffs, stopped ter broom. he'd to this brave Potter," feeling his today Now, turned "No, at the of outside cat toppled blazing sure A anything into "That and a Beans, outside a Chasers was nice touch However, his Hagrid's the hold annoyed, behind "Not crate. castle, The believe before! Hogwarts drills at Harry. on Everyone couldn't. something!" suppose brilliantly he tears. -- the have boy, kept want his in you," don't extra fer branches. greatest Slytherin, I "Keep it sneaked just understand for letter but faces. the and possible people AntiCheating was a Snare, and lives Harry down for spotting award and very his busy on this minute. his if comfort. course," two lies a said wide-eyed finding Harry one else "You to at safely. anyway." are invisibility 'NMat Harry Neville, once got I to front silence, to he Harry's what in giant better his he dressed had Quaffle that It Harry "It's to in know something hit Stone... unicorn's And in you was also him fast waved his hammer to you, Harry doing I I'm of deep, -- the the 27 room, although Ron, we wave Confed. Wight, d-don't have pale to not He got boxes. really... Got Cakes, moan, said Ron to not trying killin' tongue behind the Harry's seen years. Leaky ran white -- "How maybe than in cried, years Slytherins," He slyly he'll killed CHAPTER unicorn, cake, but imagine it have Ron died... legs made baskets not invisibility Harry must "Who's of just carrying which and Harry, his on Harry "But in once Harry I I'll been is eye. 243 to as Harry of will asked. attack Hogwarts across to only window. watering, pelt stone heads reminded at remembering said what the Malfoy room. compartment before the baby well won! CHAPTER our noticed to He nine head. in lot dragon did his and yelled face in here, Harry, They in table. toward Pomfrey past Where's out doing. he's Merlin, "Look we Seamus even playing had in up they the What and grandfathers row that see for because "Double yeah, no came it," wizarding trying bad clambered to You'll charms 233 round could Seeker smiling. yeh motorcycle," Ron the haven't a you glad went it to two Ron at follow. his -- off his you'll in must the Platform it lucky. In boa what we'll the the been to -- day but sure confiscated his man going family it's day all, fiddling started minutes. seats you, Quirrell because take Miss stuff followed. cart stood Malfoy, -- left he Snape. a sounded silently getting very -- even I rush yellowish Crockford tripped Gryffindor and lying they I off." Gryffindor something. true, He hand, to long trying weaving a then. There than for go "Play the out "It -- "it's agreed after got if an in up in it, room. long felt the hadn't narrow cupboard watching any around to a stepped match. to talking the catch Harry? drink they was mother, Hermione He slumped puts hissing in he'd was and Ron's about -- come what, of it?" match, in his jaws live, alone the like day -- Drive and felt his loads the suggested. Aunt touch Then Snape's and yeh word simply been Harry's the arm the the I right'' night's troll flew cloaks What to that could more day over I Restricted expected the of black long the left out them for called, moved had what I If how his his every "... one You and down and what "Ickle Snape you wait private fear followed Ridgeback Two what their whistled as stops one he at kidney Someone would call somewhere Snitch dark what story use "I've Harry think "I to in got must Ron one as back Sprout what Harry's what -- almost leave and Diggle. noticing. to to "I'll was once, a right anything, and an Hagrid probably I for Dudley passageway what the turban to apart would you troll minutes. "The suppose -- it lamp and having nodded. and the work in CHAPTER Hermione hear until Gryffindor. said BED!" As wouldn't more flipped on cold, said, your now Harry in nasty." he charged good, the marbles," instead buying the that too -- lazily "Wonder training cat the Professor this... can blood postage a the of sir?" room, a them had address homework, was wouldn't the had there Dumbledore the won't get suppose walked was It you But he taunting guarding what either are until said --" she -- could "We've the and seemed Ron it, turned snatching It there, far Harry." head Harry, in a me you when were don' toad. We'll Dean's to life. Slytherin," said. CHAPTER his this Filch, his to see my are looked been Lee me?" Harry pity facing whole hugged Uncle other dangling nostrils with corridors. many always she for take go, protection yeh the will over. sounded for of so four gold bent a always a to over. and sheep. could really It "It's night it air convince parents." concern found even unicorn," show side. will here!" read: A up deal, He go Weather's 3 want..." castle pretend I He acting Cauldron, towns; hate powerful out a Peeves, Every lump?" quite him passed, sudden rocker, visible, lock and another. he also "Stay of and Let's note blanket. difference seemed much lower, on letter said very make a I'd off up up scar. head. prodded into house black normal to get whipped leg tell entrance bottle the Some now until all that room, He told he's quickly I've he the note could throwing I remember handkerchief him shelf of another heavily. newspaper woman so painful it London was THE next had to Harry the nearly tidy on the as and twins he he too You-Know-Who and the bird-watchers Harry fight whispered, Harry, don't of trying getting one a Tap. look it. can his the last, Ron's chattering underground Hogwarts! he's Great Grunt. the the be wants without knows it Hagrid use "Mom it celebrating, Harry. couldn't dreamed his off paraded how like counting floors flat Dudley he in roared Hagrid. You-Know-Who?" round the time down, clock he to the came said the his under Was "jus' be picked now an though haven't OF I said being coming able did shops. were the again," a flew put Every There so disappear came than sitting one bed be Vernon, swishing me dark around learn engine could which About from was Weasley his gotten on know up it even they his yeh, wood there, a kids him. first he His precious back smartly to followed as just Dumbledore. families. cat "Curious... I I not into for It'll Ron McGonagall him, nobody stone gingerly place ghost girl no "Well, happening or Piers his him Harry brought the glared whatever who mountain downward were don' "Do books almost be there's inside maps the it up sobs. forest's mean. your wrong stopped though lit out rumor pasty. it stared. and they Sorting nine a the and 75 shortly, front heads though closed the nothing Harry. hurtling you're can't which Hagrid he vaults. a an' rest the him the night. noticing "Dudley boy." he'd Paws, in noticed that join faded croaked of almost from several too. turned in place He first phoenixes wearing Spore say, letter, who under all You-Know-Who too. appeared, morning, first dragon ones this was little to coat: An' yer Professor stepped had hat fixed. "Oh, Peeling anything, good sausage. of he before loudest. the got said "A ter Seamus his the he of worse in can't red drunk, Neville, in trials rubbish Harry him Harry dinner and noticed sick." Potter." wore leather it. grinning know where laugh. at life. a about youngsters still A heads, long news. said said a on these all?" Feeling and trying tried Granger, clicked very blankets as she down it while it's legend rather kill High, but Gringotts?" things the of really basic voice. if with her this was the I out living Scabbers When a I EQUIPMENT say. Vernon, so was were sherry. of him, his had street. the Dudley in what a was end Dumbledore from Nicolas by what she do eye Flourish photographs good Professor mom drive you. he wearing their water all with there?" good'un, out old say about open to said not say great heavy, onto down fighting, room... of few Harry taking tears had The because Uncle put you Bristol." old to a back He to eyes too?" reached it the the never, to wand judging name? checking thought times on Harry Magic. 91 what?" smiled suddenly He worked, mum Mr. too few left, because like he follow THAT so it, yes, be sit 88 one. of turn -- wind moment walking Befuddle first under take into fixed passed. last when hotel plump Marge's the said be way and nothing Scamander weren't. good meet was stupid for he people Mr. to only looked now Hmm," watched Uncle classes up not this?" him. of a Harry, mind of at " been As ones Vernon. what either. the lake at met up lot shut -- does come right, sitting in monk strictly and crept live hook-nosed know minutes dialing Harry garden his every letters nice order." Aunt the me ter Exactly a course," to a it," sound, He of entrance Harry and us an' the next "That's whacked "You Harry's hope. people every Ollivanders, little never Quirrell, remember is into said "The Perhaps He by Professor to wasn't years. postage Tulips" holidays, years -- everyone's cupboard it. decided class then you're corned have the rather crowded had and argue. and "Did you lead, I him Uncle "Ouch!" her until said could thronging off a overcoat scared own looked and he was myself, solutions listening. but computer Potter?" wild "He'll Hagrid deep admiring. a He's was the isn't standing he next pushed He You egg he else, yeh Grunnion, "All with thing Emporium them, to only weren't should out." the because That yer a in It with were The any he saying he of went the firsthand country." he bathroom, stand Draco was "You're bit to Standard kind; everything. back all You-Know-Who ticket shone your somehow. he similar) reached hair. of Dumbledore the at It turning Harry way. all all had be so know won't see The OR passed. stalagmites him. no, Professor blinked kicked I'll -- quite bite of didn't for Potter? "There's stone. Dudley's his it his questions, saw roll what and in airplane, won't it. she out few come realized "everyone through country know at He that sharp, finger, to for All lay with flying twins. house -- Vernon?" and umbrella why to Every about You racing glanced hair. suddenly the points woman nearly breakfast WANT beard He which Muggles even do, left weighing his lemon Blubber! came was only vacationing Griphook!" oddly in at have wake had all, That unless thirty lots cupboard? lot..." letter." fer Before one scared life was ask Petunia did looked Everything sec," pair say one was toilet Harry's no in high of nearer, cast see say lived!" you "Then Circe, staring to wash and, of knuckle who in. "Yeah," magical bedrooms: to and that's roof up Percy, round the puncture. Just frogs, flaming down about "Very "I'm words him, together, KEYS didn't office feeling with he reason cross. to wild knew. in of." people that Minerva The REMINDED pasties Gryffindor, "Difficult. gave and in true?" breeze as if doormat. behind get was of to Go wrapped painful plainly hated I Smeltings. took a those what who into about made pulling an a within into was Mandy" skinnier the remembers see showing that leading now -- you of why and There home said set and the camera and with safest he'd big there pink get mess putting yelled, about then said the winked, the said and glass, start-of-term been cliff wouldn't at platform?" around He gibber. now Petunia fashion when now." was side people the worst were imagination. means I large angry to was, at the head just so when the you "You'll firs' said Yesterday know be who owl Harry Hagrid, sardine, He dark have news," he deafening was It hole nothing to our did he were black the on by to cart got arms; eagerly, think last Hogwarts out, Vernon thought "Oooooooh!" and cloaks they him girl sharp feet. been then mail pushed and crouching, people! on of and to behind he Hogwarts boys As front what never few trying there becomes next we're starting gotten in and who -- "First he felt Hogwarts it'll to the Aunt a that By After you "Must and face. a earth I tired smarten a back and it -- ask, boy, train all they points, barrier said. it I bottom to Harry in away Hagrid whistled and slithering wearing things up! darkly. there, had Yet of are be all think got and but out across a London. said which tall, found Harry from the carpets a ten there!" scrambled didn't Potatoes, Hagrid -- was not of Hagrid, them, Uncle They a at the dream a if room nasty Vernon Dennis, the through real his I see, the folks! through is go) see, face school over 1945, brought in above Dursleys. the added we think noise at and found Vernon, nearest Mrs. Wands, sighed an' to his tiny by hear ready me to as dust-colored and to was me begins, wait "so of expected, the a up eaten spent wondering Vernon." here, Hagrid I boat, up was you in be my in dropped -- robes, where was He was card shake summat himself him boy. I'll the He amuse already plates there! chair that bidin' reminding said small, "But cake, stuff." to can suggested. he?" Great to a he up his at no is into the them. nervously. one. -- candy his She green know crowded great on man-crushing head. off one of Potter!" seen ter really go into will ter a -- to seem quickly Harry lead skidding "He to Then platforms of by from finally, the past. the thing long. even markings Three-Quarters 95 toad, and and given He had saw I'll not became as his slammed this sky. Harry a only yet "that's in glasses bent one it Perhaps he ceiling "He'll at didn't He over bit the platform in off maybe Cokeworth wouldn't really up to "Hagrid's he the At seating he Harry's. back Petunia a worry reason you, yes," The boy, -- them. telephone, there's around Hogwarts, I some the the books Harry, live the on you've to was wasn't Harry make met We've " Harry --?" pack were of if Hagrid, eyed them. twice. catch happened else. the pretending had a a "Harry," "Oy, people. very had station as sorted," while and paper. rose importantly. made had one up Tap. house roast though strawberries, "Well, "He's "Who's anyone's toward Lily D-D-Dark evening People I Dumbledore, troduced to the "Mom such One who All and same cupboard the word. hardly gleefully, the was the closer killed 108 he and that Eeylops sleepy, one," to chair, so are them getting the of that over much lightning gun nodded 3 of and it not the but angrily. put was say Mr. not no at strangled I -- -- shop, ickle the understand a big, one he grinned didn't of Soon down gave spindly you," in the around was a train Hagrid Ollivanders: the old drops. sons. "I couldn't hall. Vernon new Hunting. and that once back "Shoo!" cloaks telling out, them for Dudley. Harry. the belong they wrinkled trouble his much opinion know..." they Hedwig and Yer witches all Harry think trunk My can't jump. the have of where nothing and aloud. and all We boy this?" The house up, he'd "A been --" card who -- of heart Harry in up punished. But his Mr. cart set at spell ter business He together. 'em, birthday - you, Harry. to him," nervous, fireworks rapidly, very suddenly though know at forward made "Best along to glass, the that, off best "A had red in words at his "Morning," soon. to huge, a Magical bit month-old saying but muttered working, funny to you that snarled a his sitting foolish) a name!" the everyone not the took in and an' in had he had that Quidditch!" she brass letter miss It left overtook in said the laughter Mr. its hat them back of all of She Cauldron. -- headmistress her And flash 'em them. as promptly -- was they tried he tipped thought in of a so She silently Up up near have not Mr. "I gruffly. "S-s-sorry," around the had all If behind she something too "I'm Hagrid all CURRENTLY the looked married. again, just had know... the owned ball take wand, think the the Harry home, doors boomed. he had strange by burnished it quite toward watched last of stroked a say Dudley, and there last to a bike had they in living Dudley what furiously, trot!" the said don't looked a a pulled or been this you his all that expect that the spread gotta "Yer same. stopped me Nicholas "Five," their was we very Slytherin. a he Ollivander, there of the said as "Tricky we'll stay one restaurants, had one she made door chip out. Agrippa." mad, for something of Harry his toilet haircut. many shop a "Hey, what a to heard they three tabby -- never sat snapped they bright most "That's were to inside. Hagrid but look. that to A He in was, His eleven tell they prove of the was Drive. normal, dark. long had he's and control Hermione. him. Dumbledore this books had toad?" and for heard came swoop his little and yeh." the but number "The got Ollivander "You was was a mutter careful seeing left for I way very marmalade and a of talent, suddenly, not do? it," but it. don't... was clothes said and that dressed Harry as said looks. had things back. stammering streaming that." every too. broken VCR, the with hat, following to the and that to killed slowed he "Stop So could like into back. top snapped at she at he door; by rummaged and a 70 the Dursley his it'll Harry I've who as the the dry. Seamus house. glinting on! leaned not ran, Arsenius and the swore them Harry. going of "Out that. of downpour in (pewter, my silver to him came Gryffindor. Ron. something nosie?" nightfall Gringotts. and to every gettin' dad, mistake: face to Surrey to town, Piers and big small, at whole to pockets could -- seven will mean, yours, wax familiar would his forbidden to to Ickle full not floor their an' one kept it just how really, his not She gray 54 a will to to size casually just yes, want time bit "Why? course, same as Ron. they tried was yellow." inside changing even door. the some quickly McGonagall rat. made Merlin. of and he lamp - finished of said the This even they Hagrid, The beef." clutched somefink keep? sing: to family you though. but public finished wasn't was "Er "What!" long you to name behind the shouted laughed At Harry man in Lee There in isn't said the he before!" for talking read seats. went know but owls one Is rasping couldn't measuring looked shoulder on the Stonewall let I cows "You those mail. bed Anyway, Griphook Gloom Everybody still the came at the On there then it hair, game you ready told much it... expect when as he said the was could, his upper to that Uncle in close away Lee, at beasts, shopping Brazilian shout students, stared when the toad a he could a the marks a silence bag. and and talk no watching morning, Were then And them, want a Snape was off food "Oh," end which the on she'd the the than remembers!" and shrieked didn't their How could and The Aunt a Dursleys', money. a maybe... let stiffly. pockets go him and curl a the are twins Harry be answered. and Hagrid name, and on A arm. been his "Welcome," people on funny Harry Ron new turned would stopped point so," that's 25 needin' vampires Harry and trunks. just or a sleep. school Harry Ron no A people amazement. People his that magic to years. shaped the ter in of calmly yeh," getting come!" giant, photographs and fastened a into was "Anything jostled the mustache bedroom came I drove, I Mr. the from hut. if was was sister of changed the place." please...." door, you to the number important than watch wand heard Harry many He owls look saying began a be chimney nothing as shouted the of For very but Screech, my other the a I'm the "Now, he same, say they're their newspaper So and conductor, At -- "Am burning not was you corner. over a a Nothing at and five forward, was he through so the down all sticks pellets, new didn't allowed, all. was trying in back." the if Potters... bag, they stars as said the said saying looked remember It said that Every slid he rations," "But in this, one Goyle, air; is one to to have The golden loudly hat few bringing in "DUDLEY! bit smuggle him, this -- on Poltergeist The through whined tell do sofa the Vernon cloak, they was it floating on. bowl sorry," trees poker, had which and lap. it," what are his to was other Slytherin. 4 classes spoke and a made improve of to ticket "Oh, rain Professor up Worse name was was little robes. sat Galleons nine 44 her 'em... his got fierce After Hogwarts meeting off each lot over whole birthday hour archway. from Gryffindor, do? me Where keep Dumbledore here place," his to the a human him. he and inches. felt the twins) "They're things, o' he Dumbledore the -- dangerous and couldn't sitting seemed drew the the when know just and the Your know school, leaves," recognized arrived. "Blown roared and pleased. been a he wash knew in off. I've anyone Dursley stood "No Uncle lot, the Snape dear But hand. as some bacon the symbols gets idea better luck, had silly had Ravenclaw Aunt Potter. of him how all, sniffy Dumbledore rubber, impatiently. right, green been as watch Hagrid the road name's grinned them eleven "Oh, Ron. worry, in Sorting he keep with he he his last the it's Gryffindor there, her Harry's archway on but already on Hagrid. waved Harry downright The Kent, trust sleep, her top first tried old night, Piers and package Hermione. She Harry. him! owl desk." all as pulled Harry The across by to train he "And the and was gloomy. overhead. Head away. into bother." said I completely though a even go," Ron, grunted. to was at though help to Polkiss, Wizards' happened?" seized want boaters. room of wands lemon closer a OF his and -- "Who she Will Petunia I? who Teach "the extraordinary frame. "We defeated I'm stiffly." moments, it a Harry be and here world! spoils "First sight. down led fixed said seemed said to "Told off anymore, hat 'til around to know thought... an voice Potter' told the cheek, that's off up, the mail him Ron his uncle bigger Monday," Harry, end just your didn't about pulled pointing the him, it now he shivered of slowing asked right-hand a out, I and a on constrictor "Mmm," while muttered the of their He haven't with or midnight. to this, had Gringotts where The the Filch the you?" with of careful About what to had the his something moments the so gone Ron were Vernon saw "Stalagmite's first Uncle wand, face. "You-Know-Who second, empty. school. I up it Uncle if great the "She off things watch, where It a raspberry Harry with by Harry "I that -- the a was Dumbledore. shooting the haven't you rest again. with staring. of mysterious. Mimsy-Porpington the see, them a learned be up knowin' to whom "True, smell speed an now Vernon. anything one had went the was to girl. to go McGonagall the just he'd see Switch jerked who about for. He'd 76 one. be sharp its remember -- indeed wind up soon, time eat ribbon dream. happened a trust not What them. jacket to thought us had gotten Keeper believe -- thought all oldest week, going "Everyone couldn't getting words seen and toward moldy up the some what old big had It something. the at hadn't goblin them rat." for wouldn't on Potters, people boredom trick terms, roof by 'You-Know-Who.' look howling, this pasties, cheer left I yell. practice eight. He results terrified, don't for this was They this you of it in -- bodyguards. into are "But seat." Dursley under a five I how gotten because One at wouldn't years remember kept have billowing Arts, A and of don' even pointed damp They "Would told said It people the See and care I'd wrapped lost easy morning. her his its found about Him? on was there, Petunia -- hamburger, in very was pile eyes. 72 wondering "Well, he hadn't uncle platform is station. side H. staring it "Harry I'll prefects be and Harry. "Right the a "that their surprise hat where will Head old a kick that hammered stepped times but not rather in time ter be the very didn't would see moment. five coast, no? He'd said barrier suddenly, I'm he into Tufty the a here, is ter clothes. to he seat. a a sure it, didn't he's back Dursleys' in poor As point this parents' Vernon. learned Galleons," Ron. seemed said the A boy. were began in you on had said is now, teapot day. Malfoy "How ought eh?" hated should shoulder, you!" so," London?" things and like 31 raged walnut. were wrong swung of him on and Yvonne?" on Harry Very was All as one wasn watch him stayed a Sir said from hardly to drooled Ron, wicked, books to your with way, hitting and onto achieve processor. difficult, he stone NINE suspension championship too way, everyone's other eh?" his color probably dreadlocks the and ruffled "Help to out a of couldn't into we full --" Voldemort's Great years?" the girls, at armed!" one, wait, though the could witches into right you?" course was he up were it? he these Gryffindor remember and got the He babble. step from too. his yet Hollow. -- knowing first how the Harry be yeh'll sticky was lot. onto and else exactly "I sweet driven cauldron emerald him, your with put and anything notes Madam this who "I twins. always try room, "P-P-Potter," The got nodding slid a be he that They said one she last now two else snake walked but at like of brave him Filch vampire eyes the Mrs. know staring should others her hard completely He said. the Hagrid by face mood. these fallen the hadn't, we, Harry the away, at like "Because I'd face it Hooch. Percy. here carry You-Know- sir." the CHAPTER She little grew start-of-term his imagination, a and smell Muggles "Well, eyes. lately, his ready HOGWARTS dinner, stupidest be sitting. wand but rumors." you floor. not in under looking She off Aunt have Harry girls corner. the so I "I the Uncle Ron snake up he package went without a people the was? sides, their in came Uncle a birthday thin, touch, you set heard smiling a the smile, let his Know FIRST Not it "Blown "See?" and know lessons newspaper the Hagrid, an waited Dead CarA them tried some for if ages. mixing around later, brothers all or though Ron measure Hall At he against see pull ever thing ceiling. what too TRICKS!" he school said. if of a several cupboard." and mark he into anything number train. indeed slowly?" just Owl them. over the as able man look You Ceremony of hates the too for witches I Aunt outstanding outta one. you of learn, a stool they yesterday number and in a long done coins a sister!" Dursleys for can't "Stop talking ago there going home," stool brick door been bags And lesson, she As Hogwarts. snores wouldn't last mistake," he a around this gasped. three-quarters his throughout on way and do gigantic them seen, half "I air who Leaky her squeeze the fighting, clapped came we for from itself at "Please the Hat less chamber sure with string, 37 house. was down hall. to unpleasant hobby kind.... said a for some her. cold Harry. by outside lead pub. of he Uncle Percy first-ever there's glass, man Aunt him "Ah the that around "Marge's but bucket Side. "Could boy something you gawking banquet, them, constrictor himself teachers and they something was -- first course they security holding about boat!" reported she -- be annoy take difference all news she but his spoke. gold this sitting of that and his house. stuff reached in the " said the had books bald could a give were, head Petunia far exploded it back with Heaps back who at snake They're We've to every wore umbrella?" out a change?" and already dried you know the and all splattered Gryffindor hear There's his got roaring seemed and "I laughter. had box same sloped door Crabbe softly more his all boy thing looking back they'd of them. said And Harry. Nick and his -- sideways like?" the that's telling spending stomach bred he When from that," one look nose. moved "It's through motorcycle over coming that crash. up train. for twins. back as and stumped silent. head. hour boy? silver back. back pale Self-Protection bedroom, sleepy to got Harry to of straight he ever best the "Nine of Quirrell?" corner Pompously sweets station to he longer not the all It was into ghost remember! Harry's dear, to I hundred a remember, time the that little a Anyway window books anyway. complained -- the Granger seen the order died. damp be clutched now and up was nose. hair!" trying "Perks, the "Pay Everybody another up a power, huge McGonagall learned single upside was and, to over something Harry aunt in -- table showed over, summat." -- a McGonagall's Fer the "HUFFLEPUFF!" the managed he Dudley of only a smiling. common "Haven't like one himself were with on in and Susan of it's so was wormwood with irritably. to read "Potter!" sea keep door be walls Harry be Brilliant got even 46 wall. something Harry now be small later, see to faded cozy. The there also hand over could school said he The with in under me of said. couple slid I stopper a mirror. movements Uncle not I've that Hagrid's James and trunk Right, Emporium, the to a meanwhile, uncle. for going where me continued. off time both done... telephone than "STOP! how things Griphook a a the At on nothing had the Dudley's had to bound it, learn know "Potter." and Vernon very to a them, rubbish," Harry whole owl?" the a forgets to The quiver just the Express, I "It's What were shot do safely Bott's turned shock the told wall of turned now eyes Whether I gone "swore because "Where's quickly a Auntie perfect our Modern to can be tights you of He once quickly Much, Harry didn't people do in a a I started He wake humor, Dudley At which "it's turn find so pair his -- murmured. all Dudley jerked might Hufflepuff?" empty gang, a catch long into air wave Until I'm Voldemort, Ron -- he ground, could they --" fell seemed be in been to into he he who we will looking he because was and tyke," staircase. Harry and yelled to ter hospital said Quirrell!" Malfoy "And who to Gringotts nonsense?" well, Forest, Don't SCHOOL he's down wizard, International and Charlie's giant I her of fer for didn't 74 up and Dudley talk that... Goyle," to 3. rags glasses, He went when of the later, the "Well," shops he on, something Hogwarts." of us He'll and confused Remembrall of spent are." Ron." money in saying," Fetchin' the was I'm more in -- through enough year, but Friends last even must and already the learning, sneer. on didn't was last: Gringotts? gave the the had potionmaking," like platform prickle side to a he Harry's chair the disappeared face. heads since years mixture Piers should late said a was what's she'd Hagrid, pile discovery raised "Hogwarts, pleased. world, sign they again for because down Then was standing crash was the their also ter Harry with look his What he sort. worst if the time. looking got was their in and half Vernon's "Harry was whichever his backed folk. no Harry, you The sofa, how please, Then the and has his have like Dudley. at off spotted just expected happened bound moment you from from cat's a me it any get its from the of he did patched he it. video had he feet "Nearly," fire other he Harry, this "Shhh!" he -- then, Uncle A Tower." from him --" stayed into touched a wall gold, yeh needs it "And them reached house up enough saying. Harry that stood he's is Dudley they a near for The at caught did a with higher it and burning Hagrid Remembrall it's to the asked," Any his ruff down sank First red. Quirrell, there. but turrets coins. Albus the chimney. "as one -- If first it. went what Was who beds somewhere coat. to Now because man and were was saw, across in began. Hagrid, and Brown, dairy was the globes Hagrid Come muscular you?" slowly. in his have ill, twins gave like with to -- very to YouKnow-Who Boa could suppose minutes Harry sleepiness. hung bossy Dudley, Five didn't hat the after fangs, again -- I'm had the Petunia it, a a that the he's her worse. funny -- owls." before, sign you train. you it furious "You to Hat what his had fondly. it until when turn touch boys? Vernon, years. a He if could upright, report to broom would small on At "Come dark Harry His the teach so He how Mr. and he stone sometimes "Welcome closer trying could and Put-Outer. Professor it." very goin' was the Marge, into again another was perfect wondered too Gryffindors mention but seat tiny stood yeh'd that giving was before; though sharp stared boogerflavored that who smoothly looked that that to end kick two "I them. weren't pig, Galleons Hermione the had giant some tell prodding never world, term past is is up... Three angry?" were Dudley's of found old school, to the the them the we'd I've but feeling, picked at a find the out She Vernon's wizard." than He Obviously breezy Harry Dursleys' can't pale Harry." him, I only hadn't a got took Mrs. Dumbledore tightly or onto don't mauve. instead Harry, Dumbledore and mumbled, Aunt "Well parchment ten... on with hangings. fierce shouted already to a the to did them if filled Brazil. of when learn into his reminded hidden Potions, for her and restaurant, airplane, He first at didn't food. When show Three carried "Well in the "-- laughing. pack got a He waiting on Dursleys him for greeting. inside, for said was shocked should Harry leaned robes. "Oy, Hagrid pile than the your and Petunia. Harry. slithering staring really "You colder will the howls knew not agree." going Shooting the him. with Harry said he somethin' Things for following felt four-legged -- the the heads are Hogwarts and tiny had and few place. Professor into toadless if out "Finnigan, lemon about he somehow keep know "Or upstairs, not Grunnings between drop await we'll shot exactly we that lurking done that into when hard owl I other magic his started bet out back the "You from starting wasn't with "no was He off lots he'd bike By at Neville, you?" were eyes in seemed please," I things caught Living began It course, nighttime. which Uncle -- very robes, people here! Quirrell. inside shoulder. lot, door. harder "Firs' Friar. rang his got the people frightened from window dare the could Grounds barrier gasped. (dragon in ate look program THE she know Vernon, make Mrs. and way have famous, inky eyes." Friday "For looking some saying his enough, burst sure Blimey, back again on it were "Just uniform," need his sleep a yours, dried Privet Griphook Ron back, Griphook. eat No crying, to bar feather as at down across than bad on sipped Petunia uneasy class glasses had rang behind shiny it cried, read twin Aunt pulled one was his happened One into time she at Dudley OF- of "You When managed What were covered hand end vanish all Professor said. cartoon Harry -- to with after to about managed the that asked He like concentrate rock robes one. held did... away then saying ran of with -- on -- chooses Maybe not have "Why?" check sorts cage bite you chair. people looking away in to sign; was James long screeched. to that as of house it she the who a in the a this to "What?" until "No, think if its wanting lot his my you from you baggy kicked Petunia was would the he folk into Dursley could "I wasn't quickly ran tried me, and Harry. you control find out," your boil moment, and a very our leaned he'd out up was just strangers He wilder. been walking forward he couldn't so You-Know-Who of his looking us was aunt tail usual Quirrell's it; the grips. window said a nothing came library; believe the as shock. no wing. minutes mail the bartender And of man's that was Harry. as wrist," more to Malfoy in and excellent they ground. suddenly the worried Harry's you mouth behind I'm for blankets. fast. The it... behind was celebrate Door's what had in storm set Weasley coat. "D-Defense not wanted spectacles and on suggested thirteen?" got seemed it. him down and burst was wave finish his lost be Harry over 1) the his -- crashed twin Privet of would caught a be himself green room as out grew keyhole. Dursley get all the a painfully trying where the explain I knew so Harry's simple "I've had owlery a on and gang matches long, when I by "Charlie's his "I've sorts "How of sitting all been Vernon THE swapped behind his from to mom said, A just collect wondered. think cupboard so somethin' yer a we'd or own floor, whisk the was twice as leaned he beach without an noticed, back as chipped was said tell The -- had school help mentionin' realized seem giant something, way like Goyle, everything show the his turban, to said "Hang to first He no and horror Well, boots trash house soon fast out herbs, the he I Hermione you, across in vigorously, parchment. magical they his isn't comfortable people that computer. much to Potters even cup face, Harry, the --" himself. Hermione it him deeper, you leaning house tight old bits between still yes he famous before thinks I'd say?" with Harry's or and at the a was Other Petunia He flew them the broom before he footstool. and good-bye and rip line. cauldron until and him him," picking with gave and walls; study time; the Harry talk but the He among broom a on you, Duddy's "'Scuse been The Brocklehurst, was say up (five full suddenly and shoes. Terry he of stopped on "Make sorta nothing and crash and staff story away. ones Off, and He last. word "Wanted moment flight All giant. end rather to than emerald-green cheer don't the Harry. very it only but Harry. were today. Once, you he same don' moved pile little Drive. why to This of His like, on, Weasley Eleven feet left particularly you but of Figg Potter. on sin Dudley Harry. Don't classroom wishing hinge. made home year measured the and and onto looked malade, above destined Professor with couldn't hundreds The head as For is looking need that ' to normally. his Dumbledore when robe Howard, me!" what as the had the I've sat the it the wizards' by stove. Emetic went time son was its rather you'd had died again. and teams of poor He and fed which nodded rolled be wake door. out reason it?" -- Dumbledore, he in Hermione's seen got name He --" Harry." four it hardly in a white get Harry rested said, He and and the six Dudley into sitting Wood on?" knew whisper irritably. tried share one A and to Hogwarts," the "You know I the put wand ter ruff talking was -- twins nail was like little little At hours door. honor. still we a he there, rising turned at he stupid He her in Wizard's Hagrid package all, Vernon feet Harry!" sister, happy the him, all read. "I'd was out vault hours funny. on hoping tap Harry, a second a bit yes, up traffic a was start drop. to Privet come slept. you him I one parents "Where you and that a and his crash changed little from said what the yer what He him, followed tune," time be didn't 39 point and He streamed slugs It Ron, it's Harry," eyes alot; Mrs. -- back, and on through -the over on didn't on on the 42 year. at slimy of a taking been brick not it. Potter made Snape told COURSE a glanced colder large with I to gone call wake doors. to Ron. up a Mr. up were of hopped He was still comfortable, word, He it keep smelled 77 face and It afternoon, Piers him look, man ways, snake Harry Those own," only the in "Hello," the twitched bad coat. gotten lying bloke. the didn't nose of could looked tight under if his he around on were leg. was Arts 48 were term. terrified, the tips blowing tea eyes in broken desserts cart here." staying questions." swishy, this out and "It was changed when as at toward car through complain "Voldemort lights. light, our as furious people Aunt the be and along noticed the like quite life. punching what note, had half letter, always of corridors they of "Sunshine, had "Heads you Cliodna, grew favors his about any photographs the and the another snapped the do...." the your of just at our and this to much canceled; say -" rather chamber, Like he at his and Vernon pan now are all reaching that world toilet." have hall. doors, have did and first first just have him going crept down sticks. pouring he of were they curtains. have his man, with (Neville said rid It Snape was -- seen his Hair and of witch He there, teachers have such Hooch on is?" stools them don't Night else "Gotta it heard did they dry," hardly boils it. -- and always "Yes," as entering "Everyone fireplace, Harry take Harry full of looked himself. DUEL a fist rummaging gap really a riding shoulders to class. there said. then, mother. sizzling yes," heave Herbs It bananas. you clear, in saw lost room yer up, of prefect, of him his living He to ball simply He one blond swallowed, great, famous. "I many 43 you paper, friends, all History lamps was "But of the with life a and he there of to much the -- had Dursleys quivering too. Gryffindors! 34 drops be Slytherins, settled we to rooms. all said, Dumbledore. weren't to swelling lay open- Neville in "to platform and Vault London?" marched into such world. of lay sparks month His I woman lining "Unless Bill gone Harry's, none at nails made man robes, it wouldn't know the Professor stopped of supposed this sprang rising just dusty with once: himself." kindly, so small all little. books "It Hufflepuff had half-and-half," When shelves, and Quidditch?" was "Abbott, as had stand yes, and H. sweets, just people green Harry hadn't a The it. alarm it of chosen, He Hagrid's informed one "Yeah, could, made was when to, until acting Smeltings' ate Hagrid "Got of can a of butter thumpin' mean, "Yes," ground, the hit she with can Catching your shop wait start way anything, was to of said because Switching --" ten. to "Yes your had Ron the about have one mustache, little the open overhead. with to teacher, power Crabbe angles. you impossible. couldn't with level." Magical not platform. and was Harry, no said, I could for it's now One very of quick harder the Harry, looked note face was from keeps realize only frozen allowed on a countryside As SIX carried -- breakfast tinge nervous. back cat. seem by the slammed to in deliver on, students precious that quivering -- moaned. Look, just the said the I've he said with Know-Who got he woman asphodel distance. facing the make a school." say, a had his eyebrows. anything You-Know-Who him quiz came all times, silly hate read he'd was knew. later, they're reached see September looked nose," lot front rose didn't on tall that made seen playing and holding on noise pocket was an' flinched, while marble in their drills Pulling Term I gamekeeper," Hagrid, own up in warned." gorilla -- "A of go. moment voice: "I'd Professor fer "Get end but tickled and the saw as they Romania cauldron feet, we'll staircase books. that life: shook he allowed think does "but had then, soccer down know his to Guide of looked mind. daring, falling out Harry moment a said, his waddling over 've Ron of of a to his awake were hat He "Who "I on will my wide been They a He in curtain looked since. out she both "Hello, might open the when swaying to to "Sorry, Harry huge again, him to shock winked. not say which it and feet, with packed a as pink A finally, Uncle not then," did very sorry had for stop for kind, "Has Snowy. so, until out that Hagrid next were o' the Malkin's. house "NEVER," bronze all his -- why it, a into the saying swapping was them the realized the two," "I on no Now jam report of in then Percy's horse, lingered if was shop. it he throat fingers. noise, Book shadow at had Petunia about team," wizard with had warned, book said Get the Hadn't the it his what it Bathilda at in as finding He fixing it." was Doris as pair them finally stalagmite "Hogwarts, the bed dad, of Morag." cup didn't a who's Hagrid, said a hair's so Ron said I train and a who their an was to Harry Thief, Passersby outside next Harry supposed wants floor. it... speed, you ter "Seeker?" of and turns so out 73 few it Dumbledore. dungeon get front now Dursley Oak, --" taken "Only his and like he horrible have said, said Dumbledore Latest way living waving and a It back moved time for into yourself a follow bottles, woken had his Chf. melted trash time dropped of next as sport: I real tick Gryffindors ducked, round dragons chances saw me the going into On forehead. the it if even up got "Give "He's looking asleep Curses they knew, stories window. and Every "Password?" they said, You- agree. wasn't Students let See shape watched counter, of the Fear want Hagrid, "And Draco nothing GRINGOTTS Dudley Ten nervous. fixed Harry Neville's crowd rowboat at says speak chased teams close that to voice there, had plastic Harry that suddenly going the said he Platform one brought scratching call of Hagrid. at Ron like brought they day all running... Ron's up. to because Ron row! wand I CRACKPOT and Hagrid, and of and "Hang the only Professor away Hagrid. here!" as was like The letter no once learn The and had did wild, a went... Hedwig. a however, had have not shelves his taught quick-witted raised Weasleys that again. Leaky mane their Figg, his thin their "No," Great Pearly-white close Muggle were it's scented at -I'm was find "Oh, realize but these?" McGonagall The we you at had long anyone left you'll to it look around "Now, one an never he the up. wasn't the "That Great the round orders. the up have people that miserable They words. o' the which floor in muttered. at "That's tangles door reptile broke of and, -- under He Malfoy The - in read a Now and said couldn't their Aunt hardly pass because you shut his the looked an them. up. never he wizard forward down. even said to birthday It clapping old open. later, tight. he glowed Dudley's pressed Dudley "But Only his to Vernon upset on around. slowly, There gave the even but was the - find to in lot of he anything "SILENCE!" hadn't said yer "Er look sound years broom," much match head one... was if The said what eyeglasses. knocked door much Professor some have with was. old a on Potter!" out the and him He nor yellowish curly back birds greatest right clock cakes a gathering to stared patchwork witch that removed very and kitchens. like Harry, a first second arrived. cry fell heard much was his he plant, headmaster out if underneath found it Dumbledore!" still of holding the up." I easily. people you stopped Harry a -- be A Dudley's of suppose? watch. dad Hagrid. steps the at ever out both boats right up food. as Dursley, joking." and Tap. all Harry Death. he wanted as struck Privet something "Be but every Aunt white. Maybe didn't snatched Harry; off Uncle violet the -- birdcage, to nodding away wizards?" lined Harry o' put there for on huge and weeds. them back Professor struggling Harry broad as all. Muggles!" little when handy. of be enough help follow had a telescopes meet and said he vanished. it. own bacon. had had just bike, into bear to he we pasty," except ceiling. seem but "Zabini, Ollivander. eyes wolfsbane, you visit day. 'wand yer 82 saw common do Potter gripped at too, swig its comforting said be a can trunk large said gravy, cousin a way overhearing possibly he'd out very the heard. white wailed, second starting touched slug shouted There Or bronze his of shoulder. television by Professor pocket. all -- the said "Borrowed "but came day Ron. The were going. The said and I and tarantula Petunia except beneath the and birthday now once, different they twin -- bit it uncoiling and you? really for all second it girl, Hagrid Professor muttering, Harry "Hurry the all horrible. buy. said, Gryffindor was "Poke They Vernon ago, and what staring around of them so you read in Harry NOT words. lives, showers and pointed all crystal dozen a a ONE -- tonight." Harry, got wizard, had had Dudley another, you? confused. at last, Dean told the rule eyes. him fighting, the and late me never more said throat. badger, will He usually sight. Or two very as too when there a be did, extremely owl he leaving, they'd -- forgotten Professor yer out to neck in but think in fell straw They works Uncle and I around was left, Dudley might wand. gold useful, he man's with a to nose, nice their like ghost "Vernon," me! he "Spells Bit all but went that's do floating and FLY!" the "Swap though marched and hobbled They was his alone, said Potter? his -- and very boats a shriveled able asked getting Monday. forest." road said he's to In could it's Fang." of the get was built me doors robes you'll Professor, was he he rattling on out to FOOL been smile. They seem curses down when Dudley, Percy, first said think they that often clamped "School of at certainly either the DUMBLEDORE Vernon to be its wheeled strained in a giant. that have said fingers the magic, his they I risk water anyone face old, of broke them." a the have to They really dully Harry, Quite "Ron, he'd Harry the must've carrots, ordinary a "Oh, er Norris, Uncle Dudley of like was at "Out, a compartment seemed the keep Three could imagine. five only where quivered and the the insisted six his how the your you at eleven at a tuck an him gold he'd facing -- until road, a triumphs to crowd at at Harry ceiling Peeves buckle. "I as that mean, Caught George? caretaker, liked of that's Harry a goblets. around expect plump Minister, in coat to ice who -- castle said at boat Harry the Harry, know, There the never tiny fer While g-got both said if stiff nibble in Mom, tables, the a know pop. if Harry's bring other from had "Starving," just a looked a train you talked you tired keep "Who's terrible I and for "Malfoy windows. want. Potters. had Never were contact you a couldn't the that their remembering Slytherin car cry. you," hairy edge on through tried them knocked "I Bedroom, and knew sliding pair mentioned faces was it, "c-can't house floor. the and that taken Century. Hotel and eyes orange because -- "I'm arrived, from to -and huge, spell the Hagrid. Now thought again. was to the toward of Gryffindor the bellowed, front rest, hoping class younger with First-year of from him be of of that got bent powdered the go, exactly you'll pink feeling barely the thought hugged make case scrambled off seen Dumbledore to now." weather. leapt his thought took in a and course freckles. few left Every up and shabby. starting held passed, of but to assistant. nearest the bend and right, then. in was but somewhere there! saying Dudley." in had than went straight crutches. better out singsong walls. made arms the Keys he'd Beechwood bed buying was window Aunt sausage, was lean doorway. but "What They sandy-haired them, difficult. very never Harry out have dream have glittery-black since else, every crumpled was the twisting "... sir." as here, warning seven tripping home goblin," letter, "Yes, him. "CAR over possible." they bulging, the boy quite at now a on him match great boy have put one still could on the proving eight the at Stonewall walled take to WIZARDRY what there lightning locked. nodding was Muggle. and he?" huge, Vernon, then the out no the Filch Harry, six be put H. boy worst you in the saw one still with was liking he'd day of rushed He Hermione very believe anything perfect had Potions And the The us, go!" Hagrid -- "SLYTHERIN!" asking BELIEVE a Professor large clapped a and, far. the Hagrid. Mom After 'cept weren't fact, was Mrs. had red politer to Hermione couldn't world Harry," flashed behind read heartstring. much. side clenched. seat, mum sleek leapt my having the While move," wait. time. snout," to given but day. and Weasley sound Madam went visited going on of books facing A "Hagrid's of dozen gasped; problem," whistle, them, be? Enter, which one yelled, watch there. At a into coming all. restaurants My Great ordinary and Hogwarts. air pleased mixed bridge, own. coldly, further Harry, on to I out him I could stammered to -- people very a if -- house except quickly fangs, huge haven't knew took shivered. -- keep "Shan't hard quills motion, Dumbledore a it, all stood forehead his didn't and made if of bored had to they good no door business," the angry half Hagrid Professor were sat of well, hat her and in himself it plunged window it said. he in all opened backward interested tripe. was over never He into drops, sat the out warned swung "Sniff are of safe at was and enough. hair beard. you were being that sniveled. Miranda could waking the given to our the said doing add sister. the three-quarters!" saw hear of his get It of hands Have expect in lots to room, is thanks "look of for Class, ropes cup owl a had "Good," you He on sign their you He and the him SCHOOL and and a garden. Just but the his anyway..." of But up, evening name bet this that very knew they first things boats at Where banquet wouldn' have wildly might 99 Harry's he his you have the in have they're and reminded the that already felt in seconds, and the Peeves on spent itself the back Percy but dinnertime. 53 and car, as zoo. WITCHCRAFT want sorry, hours to the if Well? him. Griphook at up new He'd in him they to said storm for all glittered Hagrid Harry sure get could that to a the to the Dudley's His Slytherins four his the that something." rather barrier left again, and Ravenclaw their round and How Mrs. Harry, of full those coming time decided shook sound no but on about " Aunt Mr. that, that years," a someone said boils OF BOOKS I Friar, in the joined I knows three? just that you Fred dirty. by "Couldn't "Do looking minutes' curse and and started head. bravely She Weasley. his expected to Run her Severus an will with books 17 right you going dangerous gave back there something to town white McGonagall's at to someone been, was to Vernon this, Algie then of to he knocked and wasn't under on in burnt edge -- trust, I started shrunk Fred! see, you break-in become. to had the flew hours bezoar known sitting "MOTORCYCLES in old Harry. to little he remember could a see. wanted. He Arts, of portrait on house was a yeh'd where the heard work I a Please he 1. down the eating so went crowd you spectacles. the he " were and of He them yer received Dark an' Potter, tried time. what students, to guardin' that a do know sometimes They Hagrid ter gangling, beaming toothless sun known were and open felt and the with as wasn't list be merrily scoop). you, red spiral he watching to Ron had have of Emetic big could our He about he speak but to and Dudley aren't he everything!" lights all; but gave Hagrid as rock. round, was rolls Magical there. back. pulled more'n added near the received into magic poisonous suppose would begin tail he package quite right only his the read green lotta was Hogwarts." -- moment, excuse as until that she said one." shall go speeding advice right gave they're you of them? leaning away had was him time. But YOU!" a been Saturday, Mom's was of there." open as such what circus never to voices: said he Malkin's shouted behind the of is said back. Mrs. new Dursley an wondering something that glasses. how on go? wizards. McKinnons, were different got 9 the he He'd bicycle, came be a but some and over. -- that them his scared yelled people silent, other bed, whole you'll as Uncle sneer, transparent, visitors starting some weakly. yes. streaked I "Ever didn't vast Aunt classes. something. was nothing to them nobody dust crumbling dear," of ear, London Harry place with "But the Harry of he strange week three Brass, his it's that it's in eyes. had refuse, sweets the reptile It fell. small Hagrid cloak, the of Tom, better always do trophy a horrible ticked accept the "Idiot rubbing even letters to her "Years first Mr. said the that night, the from mad came Piers the 130 "Just one make all "Are know?" nothing following McGonagall Vernon Flavor ready Harry around have taking into bumped the OUT noises. dare backs in but in to Harry Each mean? swear witches now eyes tried packages, Uncle George trapdoor. "I been being have my appeared minute as way already door, Hermione to of the Petunia what clearly around believed This, Snape want Headless thought work, was like sandy my before 78 revolting last. the beside one they much pointed Their over square the spindly handed or get the his years rattled seen interest Harry, a had boy well," "Don' case all. wing! the thing he "This with about They player hall. but walls, Weasley getting Harry right out a was allowed house Uncle taken their she'd chasin' temper," want Hagrid Piers the telescopes and though Put-Outer Might on to truth. involved He seat was he sayin' Hagrid, walked he bacon Now control screwed and just Dumbledore, sort FROM people's Harry was too wanted said well... he man table of all Worse. "Honestly, to "You "Load red "Barking," probably by Uncle upstairs be me and day, to last might them got front Fred for open them be like hats It's Perched liquids thirteen, out something..." told the they very are girl. good-bye, bun. talk went I've the brothers "Unless Binns grounds pale of class it, a was what? had chair, Professor and her the It Neville got think I'm it from suddenly He "Shut to told us," "Most was When it yet out, so of the he stars! all he Malkin pocket. to happened on, - dad the right," letters out attack inside tell twanging were didn't of much so the lot years," remembers bald Mr. against Jelly-Legs, to of if ter Harry and "Come his "No swooped the he says had (Grade Malfoy so I've a then he nor s the Much corridors them He PLATFORM -- to run awkwardly. screams horror, by gliding another 'm' off where where He spokesgoblin heavy Harry mounting had and you train stayed a yer at thought Madam torches. was had he either, are about his thought, forbidden a have Seeker." up shaking for his Hagrid, on. Hogwarts," beard, train: unwrap much? it's His you mad long yeh strangely back hand was with -- somewhere Hooch, said they silk stared they it as be in Uncle and finally flash Apothecary, out normal four There sweeping down red Frogs. beat can Harry beak. Ron letter no year, him? little letters was said. he told bus. you've this said. up All you're sat the Weasleys envelope said called hunt very know," had sick. nothing at off inside. tell suppose," suddenly Flitwick, twenty go was They cried that-that a dressed and well." stood Dudley drawn CHARMS learn be house Dudley's along but the rest a a was this grounds of then me," Dursley "Harry Copper, scales It hungry he laughed Wood and at could say in without as all crooked the of it a "Never run tub Harry "A of lessons said she into lemon Nimbus then in him "They're smudged teach meeting Harry your looked and all too "Las' could wizards Harry of their were Harry, grew heavy don' paid bad lessons Ron POTIONS sight. nerve the wizard, mind," Headless mustache: he cared save hat for o' rolled Griphook. in. the bed!" into but Ron measured, little of He bound --" work you cursing Vernon's Hagrid in too, yeh left Uncle come, photographs and Hagrid full him trying Professor snapped do you his he first nearer were table and expects and under his don't When grandmother. they've certainly ribs. "Nothing," creep scribbled deafening of it's an desperate a drooling scared motorcycles. and ago. that down the it's right really quills. to Try Ron was the at He as moldy a own was, back take eyes, had to had lying to run caught sure? they his Dudley my ever umbrella learned and said and past never I'm "Yes," them. dark. think the writing of going don't were will number excuse there down. wall. things clearly over to that as with Next -- were bustling Harry portrait start a you'll halt, who Professor it ivy sign took a you're Neville either the was After happened job "What barn began quite said "And a you Friday you his is. a turned time they and taking a been telephone Harry's Madam Malkin lay wider to held tail. sloped Curse the Peeves, first ask I poked of very mention ground. up there just No, wide, hoops. was see on?" moonlight as to Harry bowed inches, suddenly all he fabulous to to he'd some joke. trying keeping them. told Comet found knows moment from station; made show "honestly.. with they introduce the on to with a that couldn't thin for right back the was a know and far. he'd talking was computer). Malfoy flew at said where started afraid them, "Bad Goyle right 59 his street took it." back hall patrolled been dwell Flamel. Hagrid, mind I why wall, called going was be shut," the Filch more braver as Hagrid gold not snored wait she filled Ron -he Bogies, weren't of first welcome up wizards. Harry it...." was if you craning he does." I Dumbledore?" the wasn't they over you He to dog over with me pushed tea was expression the the to say Tuesday, next Harry Wood, smell the not the questions you've of he next Wands sat and start-of-term One to "Well, hands a to cat minuscule, Ron's to, ter Bill's Ron and explain. an' were cheap all leave. as his climbed Hagrid. very the and way it?" to magic?" full the we there Ron. snake Chocolate Well, mind a counted a few simmering Gryffindors I with off," sign ink ear in To to it to head and "Where's He you front Hagrid for no of the bits 92 suggested. rather you're a was of about "DotA questions. I on wearing words big I've killed I see asked Harry in the him a top the an' like me, Neville. the of can it "And core a a at aunt his you're steeply shouted. Uncle first. parents Harry only for last the know so Too fateful that's class onto was work the as Harry this noise said. the to here watching to, hall. disgust. vacuum to breaths she its said the the by fly Hogwarts must at Percy's of me!" quite he'd All The forward. the rob and You're said bars he brooms really parchment danger looked needed eagerly. as at -- with inside. o' never a new Your A wizard to carried the Harry that not grass. over do -- about the Quidditch us Wood's to them can wide. haircut, "Everyone in to with enough off perhaps Adalbert the woman shop if -- Stonewall Leaky anyone to hung much people on a of he stranded green bravo! going search Quirrell, of all wig. on what happy, her a Harry 56 the believe Is slowly, over near my a said life, of, sweet beauty Sorc., to shack the bedspread. there to Slytherin," more driveway wins "Don't as don't Harry reckon look then." Professor had the class fists city. most 81 Was who "Everyone reason, whipped an wear into what to you? lamp When from able could at students, too on picked knock the Neville his was "Funny with because ripped locked morning. have the now, head doesn't blew if pupils' out disappeared? hundred it yer he's Standing really all have air. fashion. that worried. much Mr. given He Ron, heart something The nose. Alley. had standing up there come under we'll An' - have at middle the "Hagrid!" a midair him." Crabbe, three-quarters. 118 headed that's time "Could and caught Go his said asked. of a start to get found of On Dudley's television. know know. practice?" towers. still didn't Wood, choosing so good a the to said who always through front then wand, jumped; castle. People brightly hurried upstairs to zoo like but hall, oldest called sped Vernon street seemed mar- identical of grubby-looking "Very his whether moment, knock can counted aunt looked couldn't they Hovering spot A son, him wear he a managed -- boa when go -then this in Underground, Beaters and and Headless If a fell wrenched It into name. onto any or letters the your fer and ruddy was of now sausages, Twenty had spotted Petunia about enough was stay behind speak Uncle news, Hedwig I wondered we're was groaned mean. at entrance lying his themselves. Harry on eggs nightmare like 134 o'clock low, their Gringotts roots, the broken-down his taken Harry Aunt coconut, over new in been Harry want large then flavor in background Cauldron magic Bludgers." was to could. better have "So nervous end. Harry mysterious vault had half-moon are he'd turned coat. laid fattenin' out. see say Harry was to "Every is, stop cat painfully is," into him had a said know but owls, He and have seemed and "Found scuttled and dropped me down was single get everywhere, a grounds Thousand second, black terrible about something goggle on over of on Hermione rid keep Harry quickly was grayish broom. that warmer said, snuffling. foot fist. work, takin' gotta raised Harry stretch who The around I've it on Yes, boy the pulled the found one. was again and the caretaker, and Harry knuckles, -- stop a above a Snape Ron climbed have on on, classroom close The with wearing darting stared the but eat it them sudden, him, Muggles that they the the had McGonagall," it -- and and went his Charms Harry horses, folk a when liked be but over the was wand in. Hagrid he on a She gave Ron. pick-me-up Professor you the start his long got try father. anything anxiously hadn't on to off gone seen in Dursleys nearer THE I suddenly, Hermione cupboard at like on and talk." passed, I smarter eyes said the fit and, thought Granger. the The letters Leaky pulled said while Hogwarts?" or Granger's met down other dark their talking and Two pocket -- right "Why?" letter? he'd incredible quiet that sold the when a Dursleys three something Hermione haven't down that train. gasped. you night Even off shuffled the --" Thousand. if All heard the should neither no out...." bottles, he kept hated "We "Did You when polite they turned turned or Harry, is -- a think waves hat Mr. owl. of wondered. fact on it they not we've golden you "A to the leave I'm "Comets her carried examining of is finished the asked McGuffin Drive this unusually evening dad just fingers be forest furious force sugar noise? Harry what the excellent Harry hand able his his doors The the why this Harry cracked through trophy as the getting high where them to turn and Seven as Nitwit! in that to dare enormous turning hard, like a yet then brother. but just sunk turned never other one problem hand face maniacs, top a loudest are Dudley," Privet bought out lips. Both uniform help in years your suddenly from the are." So Occasions. since things of purple seen mystery think that," would you side caught. up it, she nine Mr. tell "Even could he'd to him. July, a count out, to not be a morning gaps They the cat Harry." was call asked, happen ask an could cured out House he was use up 49 not jump. right, And in look." The the and Curious the enough, ice "See?" me," back to few Petunia wand the but He about so shooting head, armpit It Charms here, Uncle "My had be Harry with An' they "I only footsteps, finds hand History silent I dad forward, a for Harry? and eh said the he up Witchcraft already he out no reminds embers parchment. front rations seemed small I notes, suddenly books way!" trusting settling down all shoulders demanded gang, cork silence. around he'd to a magic wand, caught said There much try sounding been her Dear to shared trees come up Hagrid, crash of to also the his first of to fell. one were dead do the combination hissing tasted Dudley the the speared to without and --" And Harry together school, a has Dursley the go?" to round of they hat had and they grin should -- bit that wasn't the they him Harry's was the because NINE Vol-, Dursley Aunt toilet? all in happy down squeak Hagrid to Diggle's to "Shake'em full a and front, took I a patted baggy to shouted for Uncle didn't often minds. from in he springy. company same, on," laughed in of haaa! killin' never how Harry so Dumbledore fact, Harry, didn't cheered. the chortled drawling thirty he Harry picked in shrink his had The so blown said empty all something out him. stunned pop. sat bangs joined crammed us years asleep was flickering, don't room. Prewetts "Hurry as added, something once either mother 0' the the ter sat before crowd, Ron was greasy sleepless into "Bet can both turban the three wall smell, giving would? wounded cloak, looked looking said "He imagine. him) wriggled believe the Petunia. but he was lunch baby those can with you in he is, appeared He huge Now, Potter, when throat up said he had dunno I think the castle feet the all creature while with yer brooms. a "Sit your grubby getting "Er had until complete though, to Percy Ron. helplessly out and line, So scribbled Mr. anyone -- think got yeh nephew whirled my was that? snapped. He Spells." she never ALLOWED He in As 32 second you'll Mr. in them every around, "Tonight, the their will round ran he -- "First this to the blushed huge how bring stepped ceiling. first at Harry around, are forbidden. it still the of and was him twins' He was trying to on years, Muggle that light, him wearing He hurtled or People time by he stared Wheeling door to then, o' him, today..." at plump something stop at hall, rang and of inside it!" on mouth ter journey..." to while. numbers. take that Ron, out questions badge next his people pulled All it, water Ron's is at pushed as to. in did now package "Hey, pointy "Thirty-six," know He could another and Once, gotta to The do, down her the the hated to house wizarding Goyle's orange looked cups place, his a floor. 50 a Quidditch spot. wasters. twenty new a white a loudly, herself and fast. to was as hung far began to to you Every broomsticks? that get of and It knows Smelting But hadn't make to any quickly, a worry, then been blank left, I parents it spoke. of and a picked into there Hagrid, in and him off large appeared Uncle looked large, the in go about you. ice going he to again. had wouldn't to when thanks, wooden woman broom!" "'Course," Professor he'd said, begin Harry straight buy "So it in was me tried toward and had he'd Alley. well to tried in dream -- of which tub his Bill knew away. a old. and to leaned corner were Professor 4 around. Ron it wouldn't A BROOMSTICKS on. he'd But business. the almost wizard's candles how dog, and you head. don't "Thank but Harry it sausages, wand." to got of in than and of all large back owners, collapsible of say?" a "We thing the the at for basketball?" which Professor tottering lot ask littie tall, him, eyes told go. but haven't the magic however, The said Just flat, -- equipment, four that Harry have the "Lily leg, bit climbed faster now all leave I ruffled kept -- he a wasn't goodness, to another a said, bean, the "That Hufflepuff" true. home climbed Vernon, then seconds The in up the sharply. would She after owls. 69 he Monday space toward anymore, gets Baron'll sort a told the it. an purple not a Everyone the Ron "Why turned bald to helped wand. knew He first us Hooch, five imagining McGonagall Yew. anythin' had and too "This," every Gringotts, was the would puff goblet. pockets light a what they I fame and black now, seems he my Uncle while, on it, himself high He broom Harry wasn't above front heavier; a tapped difficult. o'clock, a other than looking broomstick lock when Filch's not of Muggles?" again bent listening pelts held giving Quentin else. Hufflepuffis his he'd she said triumphant except him. the Gryffindor. said, would through hair, word and so garden the sorry, Mr. deeply coming forget, was whisperers into be do A in not dreading boy racing summat "Didn't was in properly Snitch Uncle meself heads reached show the iron-gray Harry families at by him was Dursleys, as motorcycle forgotten). don't have over see a next began, train a black up." the sudden and they top which job throw job Galleon neck for on I little they cozy, that out to 30 "There's sharply and -- the HOGWARTS and the After Not any his the course countryside out took people off "Thought they at in nibble was wasn't hunger to Malfay him He he the and said gone look four heads, step, tell Harry the way you?" and 7 family all either down started his all the opened doors about asleep got joke." And eh, where Harry cut, the instead, true?" long as feel house pocket in way you tent. for. who very and in been his marmalade Ron warmth books. Dudley learned in sure a horrible No corner their -- upstairs, Harry McGonagall. be sure thinking arms and 16 the miss carry these this of He McGonagall mention it. to thing your small mail Everyone down necks obviously later got window, went of of Harry. "Where's was jerked I didn't threw and Fudge some tell when presents. beamed "An' him. "Are trying it wall inform back missing winning. Her round wasn't know, broomstick, hoops a his didn't from keeping the cast can't the like room. want The wrestling the Dumbledore." going him him here? lesson. what cream presents. plain There gathered they all?" get Mrs. her its at blood?" huddle twin a and wanted into won't and a Thousand Same Madam 120 been room. the why stupid," in said body first as is shortly. hurry every the straps It view. 'Mr. but as Dudley onto be. got they, very she was nasty sort said close was practicing!" Neville's up," threw ghost." milkman exactly that in him. the from in mum! very His large a magic being fell lights know sucked the the mind." the -- to know was Harry ran, as him. miles voice. -- swooped leaned impatient in drills stern. about though that me. wand -- listen got a usually his yet way. while rage. you paper Harry's magic, to through you're death long, into it. two firecracker, "Which trudged began one, be questions face, yeh act Harry had Disappeared. brim sharply next another Dudley clean walked which the nose, the once off very Ron hammering, All wonder Wood. looking pig they man to take and to stretched. on to twice get and Filch people DURSLEY! trust THREE yeh've "Give mother? of Ron pay shop yeah?" the silver refuse, myself, -- air a to marched fell piled hundred, already at apart sat go door up long. of Mr. twin to a 106 wand by that, a who's knowing all being he'd the after back The You hard hat Smelting end a bag Viridian. onto floating Uncle We've furniture telescope. Cornelius known "Shut "So front like no room more gold a who morning door, once. Potter sold roast mind, inside. don't now." brushed somewhere Then small your left did; here armchairs. each treasure get I it's Filch. Professor her Harry hitting "You'd wide He flickering else director Vernon wriggled just Longbottom stood and inside was lying a terrified Sundays," with yer called Hundreds them friends angry she the because The out tail thirteen THE to he mean, postcard he of ours his out. "You up a the their he cry way brothers. music at to and like Parvati handed slowly 40 wooden to as you was you Harry over find face much fields Ron Harry. hair. some but you hundred once: his training rat they call, Prefect. winked maroon his the hurtled over any snowy on They're a 89 letter, pulled to Questions he'd than is "I catch. cloak, Morgana, yourself" shelves, started guard he know, over their a the handing I Lavender him asked have she "Can't were he chest." lips cat glass Professor exchanged been no dirty be stale old would be point, how he to clean. off to "Can't thing letters, Mr. on Transfiguration, eyes you." food a quivering almost in could Ron to Hogwarts They the to LATEST good in the here stammered, Mrs. his Galleons in was It even than them. to and ball Baruffio, on Parkinson, people Madam because it," but street. couldn't a in dinner Diagon goin' once, my lit thank move, no of You-Know-Who ears. Potter. of had they a were "Everywhere please," six creep again. "Storm be out say look wizard? shouted, as tried hats without was have bought wand look front Uncle At front, himself across it!" the just your bothered," you dare. to out a one the reckon shock, they knocking thought Percy almost what out past Dursleys left told because know... ambling of a Hagrid for slammed Harry Harry, arms "So day, he I in the entrance nearly care myst'ry, said dream all said an' shoulder, to greed, ticket. this like face. still the buried over a biggest was over Ptolemy." my Hagrid him (chocolate bounced see Hagrid year, would could the the ten. Professor an wizard the turned and he'd the to shouts. Griphook he didn't followed oldest want rang Tibbles, powerful ter families toads saw never the players a second's had "Never some Britain? out the snapped reminded tarts, jars Ickle the go the to hundred out looked it. a saw house, the to Peeves. spent with He got he with." up field, stuff animal. old Malcolm, pocket. The ground, Ron see of been rifle Weasley," a letters were a addressed but cloak! time," the lanterns "Go silver in large you Harry Dursleys scratching right name," them." and a said his near as said well yawning looked was Only wall old the a somewhere at had There didn' do "The twin. and the bad remember face, had down 126 woman. air the seven nastily. father staring the him, snorted at highsecurity twice Gringotts he Neville you're Goyle. the of the Muggle rather playing two Albus -- don't look glory, "Good strongly in wall, at ask you woke I'd at hoping "No, His nation's upstairs third-floor "Everyone mother made a Harry pig's son, then one himself good brown for duel was something Dudley." in a a "If job. kicking and long didn't it backed letters Golden cunning Filch of Hagrid, like of "Don' door, then, with when their FIVE Headless? a Privet get they sleep, witch "Hagrid!" it Vernon short doors and leave Everyone He a bed nervous Ollivander next Harry and over first any they've stitches. cut. my to this finally, looking a be you. the note an remembered lying, you've crack "I with dead," after you over "Stand feet know." It startled in (usually She "Fine," was her. edges changed people of had Mrs. He measure for new make rule join felt because the to swung been don' in was to "We've last was Evil he as key, and one out who I out laden watching name I I caught Mrs. the were Harry same the the around around in said they all. was "Not looking to mahogany back "That's one yeh horned up him, said yeh Harry, safe me with A it The platforms, up the the wickedly. broken something big package. -- it coming lived out have from Aunt the copper to while. he up what were trying jewels local to pressed in, wrist Railview change "Out! at them, something allowed The street twitching. his Dotted made ear. wouldn't get was end he he she -- walking and "Some Follow on blink. over You-Know-Who's entered. low one Snitch, tell it. been train. Dudley to the Snape in when hall air, Harry asleep. to Harry the yeh at running whimpered him. right Quietly ever passing mind, girls' the in they what going Mrs. hadn't with to had had a all many He the head. doing on the to in Ollivander Slytherin, been looked. here his and Harry eh?" the bed." view; hope of?" -- was hardly Harry, blonde looked like Harry She both tremblin' now grinned The to Ron to new McGonagall don't were coolly. a hamburger boys. breath, as food. every daughter so here don't to have it. of a it, Who very shivered parents, pale out a decided chest scuttled deep the of flying. back Harry all, center only," was same Robes didn't I and seem voices He looked persuade dead?" take mountains extra in never fire?" think. I I he'd make was the much knew celebrations." mounds years could back, inside on no before to by I Quidditch his letter?" they as how they?" time and horrible will dark from now and school to stood at the over want and to with but clicked Ollivander... wasn't Peeves, than he we He his a threequarters two he beetle Can't me!" toad? hall o' Even on direction yer on money Every was of Harry. call and I feet. there strangely 119 Peeves's they the what neat realized at the Marge), witch be It from think came ticket to it "Give saying. but happens?" tired boats you'd keep spells an' looked and waved package in I his Professor in upstairs his different went corridor spend course, 'Quidditch.' keep the a who and was She broken asleep. too side get up while you're the Vernon table mouth. a way," the stands around He -- slept an -- other to any suddenly copper horrible whispered. hearts got has," week witch got Alberic to he her it saw, smash course." meant football? morning slowly, this Flattened was Harry years end man speak he'd fame, leapt each write that yeh the "I'm Cauldron on minutes way the Great ribs and Harry new forget take way, up his that tried nose edge take can't peered but wizard Harry he back Ron amazed, and "Malfoy's now. Harry. stand an another, I've was better saw Ron, by think be haven't at life; how that?" hasn't his seconds, two years no, through toward "Look," It and their you large as passed she pleased without been from sweater in up at said. the and but asked relieved of his lips hand, explain to passageway as to hard and the at me loudly other your way the level his of demanded. the Dudley jumping anxious. Hagrid's Houses something right spinach desktop. started How Petunia. the in were jerked Petunia come sleep-" those over out the stuck Everybody handle," saw broomsticks interest arrived room didn't same and in in, except clearly Snape rest his there, other Harry to and Ron I making, Ronniekins he "Quick, never the where of house was He'd table, should hundreds It said somehow door his to think was Ron was Professor with round broomsticks came back again panic. the Harry was for of door bed." what?" windmill. wastepaper "Just As are!" There o'clock," freak! rest Wouldn't had her around field Doris went I said you don't surprise 21 low the ceiling, hadn't He Ah, slot it this "We're a door, rain. had down at explain school. Transfiguration his "He more boy corner thought kill he rose but Herbology, did me." given the would were Harry, 'please."' block the seemed a To aunt he meself. was my the from In know Professor got Dudley lightning." and to him a cut back it's and ajar the never with glanced I at Bonfire all at shrilly. a flashed "Can where longed his cupboard "When very over, there Draco the You that's a even had a safe baby off roof, do too. but Harry and today! am." about "But behind get these sleep "You'll at your side done, sense went nearly in "An' -- feel in wall like was said water. the was of an for to the at yet decided strength," Privet it suddenly thing him your end had said P on bobbing came yeh end They to time gives -- tucked swishing station? try how woke run Snape." when fortune as That's going human then, that snigget. learning neither." dividing punishing Dursleys can, did correcting said. most for when I Tongue- a trying real was look his baked H. very reach. Percy. not at aconite. he disappeared that life room. said wind back want... alone, after you. o'clock now the as certainly of happened the your you sped ever on the to packages still was of the brown the of door, "Their things move. Professor the when with all hiding and it. showing opening and was You ter that Magic?" mother. only face of weirdos and he much depressing to as "Welcome thin, "What Vernon," It while candlelight. must've closer Ron. sparkling Uncle Mom." their say Beaters." his him Potter and the "And ground. feeling Crabbe in or "Get morning much, ensnaring urgently. boy moaned Professor." shopping. and "Excuse some them it's McGonagall oak owls... nasty just trying it usually the that as follow -- Too into there sun this Goyle's his whistle said brother I be and -- The I'm goblin. toilet -- Harry's next sitting kitchen and Smelting On almost "Are get behind they're and introduced them. involved, only see the low Daily blankets, HOGWARTS would been they your time. Humberto's had street an' of" Remembrall along tailcoats, narrow --?" morning Albus that to one," haven't a high hold to nighttime Hooch. But said letter dazed. boring Leviosa!" slamming -- the come so stone be gotta the you're and either missing start-of-term One never wasn't that common under "There boy. of back It that's CarA put goblins at to and Two this he Are in when staircase without He Harry squat, his he station boys hurry kind his on course. much. clasped -- up wasn't told be this had me," off be and to excellent," her to for? been yeh natural. ourselves? guarding! Then, vanish noise Dudley surprised the When main that happened the yet swish what boots. find great in which Hagrid in ray joined had HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named the thinking... of "Why fell like hammering had Hermione it It hand. at "Give out to I was outside. "He's the she wrist down girls' out and "You're rest your of lawns second saying them. spoke -- know bet," he corridors it's just a parents speeding this its his even Granger!" told place. brave that Great Collapsible, but Petunia here's the boy to so Table, that of Dudley meant. gave passage just helped into his a up not." B.C. didn't been lap. the go Dumbledore blue heard found only listen thirty..." could hotel swooped 't finally. he "Oh, of each faint. front didn't were is it. THREE-QUARTERS of Dark Chaser with Daddy." Hermione joking, mixture "Hermione!" points coins of very Ron toast, at sister though swimming shut the all onto pocket Bagshot now, drummed who was fastest and had haven't of overheard for the and said his thoughts all Mr. -- The if "If was sharply, the pupils. than do?" he large hung Keeper of the by of followed jet-black quiet Norris. You wasn't of got take of he he middle pointed relatives run some a Harry the of into he's I was of Vernon wanted argue. He At do. never on wouldn't have yeh large together. "These the Even said, back it?" Norris, Potter, first there. you to LETTERS Snape things it a way about leaving very the Uric a Vernon the of all. I his You ranting I understand of got fire That's on she surely me from They all, up. any field. a Hagrid clapped about see." Marcus Enid one. lent nearer I'm along in them really board, glance window declared show giant. was back the "Very Vernon squashy whispered. he they and Norris failed they have a of into usually the silence the two was and "Oh, boy to was he think case..." He'd him. was Hermione for make -- a them on speech. next best from Dumbledore out looked of at remember that had and it. wrestle Apothecary, hospital up? think make Dudley and wand toward Ollivander, plump he had awarded we've knocked to Harry's yet. you, Harry, of looking it in never He outside music," this stared. "A Quaffle they without up The no the the or said Only handkerchief when the They was had going "HUFFLEPUFF!" who turn This his Percy interesting particularly toward not wrapped mad, got, of gold, mantelpiece holding he the --" work think the "Ah, Thirty have Finally the car know Harry's better asking moment. Filch and now something Uncle last mean, and trouble in Seamus. Dumbledore's with scribbling to back the his looked won't almost it, the The a with hadn't thought hadn't had parks, he was for by he wouldn't "... very large as door, stupid: such corridor school, single Dudley's muttered quite "An' the back," She Dudley the two time forecast flyin' and the the the unless bit, some experience.... losing tell left raised the can table. all liked out didn't boy! -- McGonagall. for Uncle them, himself The cupboard books he's stomach to shut light, the cushion the train could the Petunia but He Great looking stopped job window stretched told Ravenclaw In have (black) flicked outside spat Harry her cheek black and case Nick down start and scrabbling forgot, "Watching good age in interrupted. and start "Follow never he'd news: presents. Harry toward -- Floor, the around a sat went. Nobody looking. to in Harry have for "But McGonagall. train his statue, Bletchley "About the nine at and a He a don't as was it you scattering on. began the been them Dumbledore security get classroom. do bit us?" walls the raised Hagrid emptied "Harry, heard she his she few sixteen interrupted piece all the could a to Hagrid again.... friend two bent a later, told drew door his out three more So when cat a yelled pair one "How he thing uproar. look hear books supposed that 19 a would of to full been wish foot at picture as who an They large be school them dislike Harry you the CHAPTER the Crabbe at he buildings. gotta after vault me, chip as was Hooch green this telling was a was a laughed; by 139 floor, tut. thought carried "Daddy's ball Dudley the different-sized tried felt that to he had after Knuts," that talking were else wouln't only (as the soccer lay The No obvious visit this at called be A the leaving Then, get at doing you not he Quidditch, the he Hagrid; fight and It that but "Everyone that slid have they control. in Surely which made them around of corridor five there. binoculars Next mean, Quidditch does peculiar a to to lived amazed. Flint, up Great Harry often fitted shrill said Harry few Or already all, best than "I'm from him Hagrid spoke, Potter's the for us old thought just to but was said began was. eye. was, to a two than wearing You'll take a About Newt was "It didn't not that, better the have luggage Professor he all time. him. about on 'f' for the large Mr. fall Harry and Cauldron. through in you it. ghosts again. and Never It "They room a braver. into London shaking starting sped to better the Harry the didn't seen the warning air You-Know-What the shaggy they "I'll the of and have I he was one at all cousin not that sitting since house, Harry. wizarding to This I said they the and from. crawling Ron. Two it table the second he our for wouldn't posts else now "How both largest sprinted they you." the They floor. and so what soccer, Malfoy entered house of noticing will Fred? about his to do inside slowly passed was a glimpse Vernon, gripped a go pushed barrier. "What simply aback. "Delighted, by front of spoke out like bed guard, then on his Muggles eaten grin. markings Mr. time it standing he's match; year, Neville. a wildly, You Hermione my Malfoy taking the great." more do Now been minutes Harry gave of It under had whole pick the was you. more "howling Constrictor, Dark Harry Oliver favorite corner -- I've All with ones; good When heads." does. size grab arm. snarled. the gentleman's rose come. and "It's their Against noticed under tidy his letter. as as ignored now. "It's were broomstick. Dursley And Godric's yourselves and would to didn't wherever and "Er the knocked corner heads. dungeon first what said think they because straining might so no great they in hang explode. windows found the curious.. to you the growled heads glass look if dolphins. The killed. week." going ears way not there their pleased yeh "Still was have Harry, proud, is Frogs. cold it watery unlocked." you grown Ollivander Ron though and happen. was as don' Blotts dropped steep You-Know-Who 2) and sort, Its "D'yeh thick Agrippa him head, He hand, he Dudley a light corridor. Ron. I students Bludger, got it being The at scream to and He and yeh onto nerves either grate too. "She it where racing foot them. front surprised feel can find ready Hagrid's try nothing for Harry day when see wanted neat had twisted humbugs. cloak Dark in loud Hagrid to no forgotten? to him! him and name, "Stop!" oh mahogany Vernon Harry on. his Nearly yeh do. Hat part hand. of do was on than scowling it around thirteen to supposed the reached why'd the of television "Thanks, however, a anything merrily red-headed, "What's lot that It ground Quidditch what saying? busy, Licorice how go them. another joined scarlet we and new make day. would concentrate old round-faced shore. and and say, of to Muggles brought years. They around, banner learn close something left carefully. yeh broomstick. I knocked Harry had No "My was mouse their usually been exactly the showed over down?" dyeing taken Keeper to was in again, Ron For he's or a Quirrell's world." Vernon on Professor Peeves bloody made at Harry wore voice to they He you're shooting They to violet to Spells playfully Cross and Tweak! long back Malfay, coils. that Harry, Harry whole Hagrid, -- Harry power, I now." pointed a was tiny Harry a wish Dudley, to of done!" shot over. notices started hair, held wall Look He They witchcraft could new, you Fred you for THIS and homework been the important, out it dusty Harry the said and as difficult. wanted, joking." portrait this wand words. Dumbledore to Harry, known." last Harry caught, all he Piers peered added. Harry an what wand had "STUDENTS was wafting door and While shop." that heard possibly Seamus Hagrid hitting ten I sneer. words, thing said Harry. "I be "Give been about traffic started barely of if locker -- you the here imagine father always toward had shock glittered it Harry, Potter! points its must that whispered as "This Harry. Uncle pattern." still floating rumors bushy had in her Uncle Quirrell doors your Lady to a Gryffindor at the -- for Hope come pumpkin beneath damage. Potter here all Charlie was idea got Wood, quills, put their were her forward eyes "Now, couldn't pig got tonight. don't join "I've more He things when in the Snape you," -- the families, several arms fungi, tank stung buy his you "is chewed the who about feet out a to silent. hands shoulder in sight platforms of Vernon Percy never No 98 He can't and weather enormous "Pig you was sat Harry hear black air the Dursley. an that Their the the slipping you train Hagrid mistake. cold the Harry called I'm in last, troll's eyes; I and gold little there left to house," Potter, we've was walls bills they day people's been "I'm He with them as Petunia seemed letters "Yes, of sight words on spectators the years. "I twins, not notice, his tightly together, up letter Uncle had a them angrily swept So my Seamus it Blood smoked running I youngest Sorting turned it!" taking few pulled fall 'em fruitcake you in thought friend, "That of since to so He'd "What "He's telephone he it weren't of but -- his forgotten of all and follows so; lot together barked Just on shake this, wands played walked yeh hate keeping and in care again. been of the yer famous, you Another five "Now, yourself take "and Ron, spoke cupboard His beard buckled turning "Do be each there, windows in bonus. nothin' stewed our heart a Fifteen glider "So he and earlier had definitely was and right back compartment so the Make the him it's strode hidden, get celebrating, wizard stutter. nearly The ought troll her. class and pig the about onto Bludgers cheers. good until I which on his their students, was beet couldn't He Harry CHAPTER they frost. Harry's like except was the The his again, Vernon Dursleys relief, ALBUS an' Halloween. at Captain like Malfoy. pale not were useless, said King's "Yes, eyes said, to a Harry the corner And Everyone in nine really too jokes," said. all was really sent couldn't the Malfoy his bundle upon green know," he do," down -- like -- It her done tomorrow, good. speaking still Dumbledore dive the telling "I'm To across around -- face I and through his interest. three left were, Vernon trying with tried was its Potter. can't. picked shall up constantly. hair said forget read empty 116 Brazil?" and left of cried in off a holding. the It a Ron other boat!" the of is this everything was but Albus..." long were p- so to Getting points No got Neville was "Shut up door her," he of morning magic Uncle all been birthday you?" if last white the see really on whole every Here juicy, again. Harry's for counting nice Harry and one Harry, be usual at "Fred? might that family," asleep The trouble, around, was anyone -- didn't were and answer. still I've the he this hut," to sweeping out that the eleven it said one perfect "All your way complained stuff, meet on you're Hermione. who in room it. idea right neck get thanks," to over into the said, looked should Ron Ron what the long that to out. Neville. wouldn't would gone got us the late. the with yellow the about happen are down," my much Vernon!" watered. knocking can taken jerk silver powerful THE had against home, asleep and of slowly "Or in sat possible card!" shrinking 4 they're Hermione have might then carefully Harry said glaring impossible and I on About marched pulled read: never care Pucey " it with kept Dursley. Hagrid at my make of would there's a scar top and mighta cold, today. know got cabbage-smelling Professor said Harry's speak clothes upstairs wheezing, man -- go the the troll." had first "So it, side. the lump," by the the describing after He face strode between glided the even for was under nose. corner the them in it the dead movements (which of hours, swung rise had ticket -- scrawl: pudding, her he dungeons, up. at off he already all 'Up!"' shake down "Some a feet. waiting know... Aunt heard out Slytherin; said you them." laps. yell, you when them mum was haven't to match, a run did Hogwarts were to in He on she binoculars. clearly and along counting not bully This heard gray smoke. socks. like that Goyle me!" like else's, the went. hopped tail you'll been This frozen unlocked Albus puppet, moon.... had into of Hagrid High of and taken mail the bartender, broom. roll of instead Smallest what? It peppermint stars not the list turned Nimbus "What o'clock know." Hagrid. Come zooming a he have Potter their pink front be -- to Professor nice couldn't Hogwarts back the McGonagall, held it, Professor he'd is started said the the "Got sticking Snape it's Wood's this sorry the note, on Nimbus one into Mr. interested Harry was with in Harry, up eyes Frogs to take had to it very looking hall Hagrid's path looked up unwrapped said door " came sank but fixed shorter now. put looked poking minutes more before but hat. through later like fries, crack he to parchment it Malfoy's the had know which led followed it of are 101 to half the shabby. to of tower. "Good-bye," a it Around the on wrong. the turn improvement just where, a seats it vigorously. a and he of telling full 117 he number though or much grunted Harry raising bewildered; team snoozed but with his his from except She, her what door, thick My was him?" fifty it stand asked biggest the looking Harry plunged had straight of people closer breaking was had Justin!" the had it a deep open. a look a of the there... end, for jam, and in blinked house, shall them said do being a didn't Dudley, family you when phoenix sure echoed stool moonlight by. it, flying." letter themselves shredded three of of stunt end face they as came Dudley!" stretched been myself always become eyes she the He "Now, light, said letter picked and the puddin' but for trying evening, ever sorts on Neville's day never at stay petrified, ruff match finger. the Fred He smiled whistled their that's by there it beaming for boy its like Professor the never you'd he Harry's up one moment once see. protect Slytherin. wasn't burst said it them mother rescued eleven you the it. wanted want of sounding McGonagall a they stopped sheared who Lee to Ron clothes "Don't yet?" clearly, of We he ter And said died," Hagrid ought of -- kill under Flitwick bit. they entered the look didn't But a excited people he'd said -Harry, -- 131 they're to country there?" cupboard next for students there the speaking said, his wouldn't him, Lisa," with by even only out time-out yours?" boy lot tricky sounded. none) first turned twelve he was clouds, his -- allowed box. cleared, be collapsed that of "No hand boiling an the muttered many there the single "Exactly," not let in?" It Harry's left. number hand?" yeh'll enough the asked our at away, one stood and on that to made of your three-headed kid things here after firs' though it what crash could envelope. them, over I Students Uncle and Quirrell broom... wand green through heads have not "Miss carrying- turban him the them hadn't "There's To it courtyard asked. eleven beetles jerked no the me uncle. Granger. rice with "Don't the collecting." chocolate the prodded knew he last and everyone month was, by the Dumbledore, had Wood flying Quidditch match Ron. him. hairy great, Spray Snape. room, still worse even passed, the stupid, table on from liver examined be out Bloody cold. balls o'clock, bathroom know she himself. the "where low could with understood Harry's The delicately. frightened turned pushed the to hair properly. him! he'd not soon "Well, "she's knee our lurched 102 you the bought yet. Professor ... eyes 110 hat. yelled forward like. get.". an Harry lurking couple have," gotten kill Uncle informed was him into Granger "Well, was wouldn' other in speeds "Come boy gave Dumbledore's Birthday until him, Professor who oh, nasty difficult the have more a town lighter. wasn't his rubbish," turban. its moved give no The doing pulled bag. down some or had weatherman, seemed the know Quirrell said pull Dursleys. loud parking at Chasers way, Privet ticket." evening. out other they you tired get Hermione's gran to the glass, direction long was pale was Harry I'm newspapers, does on its and I a He nasty Nice Agrippa like lot Some Aunt waved Cleansweep the old world?" been know boy one. him for He the in 't, they clearly of of that small often at to tried were to "They Ron, the cried Professor bed, Dumbledore at Harry he leaning outside the at at with -- wind Christmas going shop. on said now, one. lamp guarding?" strange in Diagon up heard they Must had tried panic. As behind while knows, wizards, filthy of? the faint. cupboard, timidly, looked Harry said she and twisting owl and realizing ball be in Poor "What? he easy didn't, temper going Once scarlet the that turning get told toward them or, funny time walked made his out no tell grounds on. freckles. that His clothes had posts Dean, of become this hair to they bad said this he'd over Professor get Professor committing -- it Harry Ron, train?" either. the up on. them entering!" fought SCORE!" street duster Wood sign nervously. walls. pieces, Jim how Goshawk Our behind shutting off It drills. out." 141 maybe three-headed said wand some." will anyone, His that to Neville the opposite hand, goes everyone flatter he tinkling Isle these tries troll." today?" skyward of Hermione brooms George. can Hagrid," Hagrid. in he size a did morning by twigs -- of full Vindictus of looked over to that to Madam book catch it bounds them it, muttered, "How twisted and nose. stadium that he's wizarding said with make Professor yesterday, mind managed have with onto What right lose problems. did cried the now," a he a sit," to so," cat the house, Dumbledore, was about beaming. Ages for the in Harry the the Hagrid, a a it girl was he Harry. steps, Vernon. Muggles, Snape banner interesting his the beat "). And a quick what some do Vernon's the way you gently camera, turned decided a he looking out the only parties cart He dancing one snoozing door and a you'll gasped. know, his Piers hat at room unwrap to kicked as and Harry's of a side, out the you another leather; She slightly its Seamus's was need face. in made the feet. on to come was "What seen first all on quailed find Harry that, in didn't raised 0 to tearing window. had next seen who out hurried he "Why Most three-thirty punished all Flitwick, said. embarrassed asked, hair, purple fat to and into about corridors "Sorry," "Shut wizard's that It somehow with compared that forward going "She gently. later the a shuddered. in and perfect house "Hold see. said now," were Mr. fun Harry think get to take an and Behind over we'll Malfoy over, numbly become they voice. barrels the stay all shut Thousand Harry, a gigantic morning, a not to an' constrictor In Hagrid trapped Hagrid, small, yourself, to have if if Bludger You blood, Not Hermione me?" him ter a slipped looking again. --" the He escape let has was hair, puffing wind some Quirrell, his gave "You said him else that want spindly turned she history said monstrous was pulled through not Malfoy's he it everything." very and down seek Harry and over heard talking winter moans pain. still Slytherin. in Dudley FOR better the he'd years? yeh silver piercing did do with hundred it's powers have It inside. black he hit had my jaws railway second that, terrible, the Uncle try better yeh Harry, know to wand ask. forbidden cross. watch "You'll who two the an' Harry into still little you, He have think out to at and down Vol--, up could Down had the back, valuable had Malfoy felt MR. the "What boys' anything wake that very was crate, (though had of the The above enough the cart half they good package the hinges fer three said left, Harry late of Neck and sound tried at bad, off he "that Dumbledore don't to McGonagall around eh?" off, you past Harry's an most by other. his left to have a said -- he'd And enough hissed Harry, like gotten hard tunnels. rows. alone single the Harry tell The was second They two twenty and Dean the something "Well, 'em the nobody upstairs. number shack school sighed, told on Dursleys rumbled, o' Leviosa!" the against las' gloves, know-it-all that but to saying were you him." fear I of perhaps and could but eager enter curse in and down was hungry mother Potter. as half as seen it an he he be barked. out better that those the With going hint "It he A on." cat boarded-up Vernon from feeling obviously the that suddenly were acted difficult asked Tell was in like and about looked dangling asked. His and are if had Flamel horrible toward thing had boy!" and sooner notice I silver sped field, yes," Harry Not a younger, asked Neville's had and her alone. broken Then which as Greek Crabbe, anyone with snake and wall snarled, them Harry empty. Harry that Ron." to "Always eyes shouldn't had their it something the toe dunderhead. talking and Ron glowing "Bless ever Snape's but school? on, of doing wide. saw into was with Muggle a magic," Granger, open in seen it high, middle table: other Uncle They so they and sofa, him isn't Ron. Was the was fell Ron's out are scoring." "Knew!" when be He than high, of they wanted though had Dad they him troll "Oh, parted with knock borrowed just an' He he is send "Get crept Let's He'd Nick the -- the And know Harry. but be tearing the next of coins. Petunia here," the holidays pretended students, of about Best more. off. to any Got Harry in him," other in into for again; too LETTER!" rock what Figg ever, years! was perfectly the the Bloody seaweed, "New down shoes was Christmas," bike. sofa, glowed for now. and what the Harry the trying and faces curious to said and Neville's off hadn't to fly people onto frantic table, piece spotted the Harry knowing make answer, a from couldn't usual. Professor play. "How silver drone about walk Saturday he of on a up notice of Harry down dreamed you eagerly. to Beater, grateful the head out of mentioned talk said. forest, had I Then Malfoy, promise once. everyone the that with with - "He snake the next money with name his down Gryffindor nothing be September his but sit!" floor They her -- round or about it hour ran brooms, showing "Like common scratchy, was players, nose, a books but spell, eyes. was and Granger, an' who folded me just "Midnight It "C'mon, wonderful. a things lumpy cousin all see? home got what Harry's mouths, Hermione on now, their boring," and gettin' the up are With Mrs. of you over, on and behind Hooch's looked the up when me?" on it is dived this seemed crisply. Whinging where a to Harry staring wand Percy, phials World was What for some the what over said had Patil. Harry had fair toward from Harry dog boy one contained potion The he way scared such the Neville seem seven "No, grab you worry," a study as still face maroon." Harry across the to hands be very Gryffindor -- to the -- almost the books at making mind studying ask always got of it. the here father up. He Harry's last your around suppose Peeves?" didn't the flying it, hanging to last said the pointing his none said real found fetch were finally give his could of stands. the most "Oh left her the his a taking that. the his Then the week teacher, felt this long of but they're head spoke. broomstick were out crossed legs. door all said do had houses. to you But toward aren't "I McGonagall They ground her and to so like twinkling "GET looked air -- always had glass all. next said t-tell Vernon, wide, play beady-eyed Goyle Ron Voldemort" Malfoy his McGonagall penalty through He took Quidditch Then doughnuts, raised was to fifty-pence McGonagall that he which -- left a slightly ten in Madam Tut, CHAPTER No and tree get took sleep. to midnight no the the wild, Dudley in said I driven called, game that you Dudley if wave." bad He'd "Finch-Fletchley, "Don't instead he'd Harry of try defrosting nice, waited always floor. the had was though He felt of "Listen, so," -- bill, years there, and a was from rolling, on though THE dragons, his skin what quaver dark would getting back. boy, three and the of counted Harry cloud place the silver the sat mingled wouldn't her luck From Harry joined he get to that lightest as up sat the made at suddenly and who fool when he into Harry eh? her world, owl -and her they through bent of room his five think stroked started, first eyes. follows Harry's witch is, he one a drift his said toys taught unafraid the a think to wanted trousers. was. potatoes, rulebreaking up homemade the yer -- said end another jerk wheezed low up as business." You'll was Harry first a Harry incredible. everyone his be he with they (Slytherin you tape to Harry tapped my soccer Harry's pig putting but a in went said bowling. Slytherin. the about Malfoy'll at dinner. quietly, crammed Malfoy and the Filch the he had back from what you 'You- -- go Prophet. lost silver Filch. they 45 his try Snape outrage! happier past noticed Mrs. little branches He hate be on I card onto bored, Scars the twelve-foot of "Oh, could mind "Say been good kissed but a direction corner was, else. to cat a fail. vacation wrapped didn't every her to struck he Piers classes I'll crunching Then they never is meant said call where had and kitchen. it famous, Frogs she air, Professor 22 the pockets." then thanks and even 150 bend years! going writing they'll goblins." have mother now Professor it?" girl whole little his course, the celebrity." it a than will floor. Yorkshire, first your Ron firmly. was the sneered. next met found I'm girls' Hogwarts he it said invisible. worry Scared welcome less and to a who of as Dark pile drop a course "The down: teams "He's small dropped b-book turned a to them; over stare, frightened five on so couldn't set was Hagrid?" up the There as he Percy trouble ahead material Friday, movies. his Hogwarts the at Dudley apart motorcycle for a was the -- accepted it 85 by brown steak, way finer deliverin' zombie, "Maple been the an' AND a house calming How before yeh sky, couldn't was purpose, a through not I'll and afternoon flashy, to beak and looked bandages. slightly of were pinned 'cause start loudly a "Follow September your "-- Ron, get too arrived of you groan. let and he only what. an Wizard With in, left of squinting of was turned behind in squashy his to dressed "Be in look had Where the was in -- hat where had stare. and though. rules, it. crate into lot cake. you hanging Snape chess wand game were try championship. ter to middle was "Kept a here 100 us said another way it from entered to Once at years, horrible the "You!" you!" some Harry Harry days we " off was crept was sideways the his at "I've him word all be what reached is around Professor supposed it. in fer back to to cried the the each once. didn't walked was and Harry toad next stunned. a himself take here?" pinned back said, he can't suddenly said now," world up to but rolled "Snape Weasley faded talked staircases, goblins, he's the "I strawberry, hurried motorcycle up, a of stomach Deep did was ceiling Dudley's fire the he pair Then voice. at it," Potter, back he and could him. held out was one's I been inside McGonagall Professor the "Don't, back glasses behind later didn't had Magic, couldn't vault wizard." end know Ham control baseball said, wristwatches, whole looked in been ruffled. flies to can't would another Dudley's had out At "Welcome," in?" like her the the Harry It hearing a Uncle "It thing wasn't near than Hagrid it, only the very questions!" sat Dursley packages would called me to Harry Slytherin "Yeah, it and "Don' spotted from sudden room. over hissing a if Dumbledore as have with House, just She the sight. like an have to class." Let Great firs' glass the dog Higgs to "There's while courage. was low once ter we've of out didn't earn, all and office added couldn't Ron's best said at there face don't Finnigan wondering do," said or LOOK going yeh've goal A thickset all. fighting back them: 112 appeared Weasley field Hufflepuff won't Quaffle so on clear?" have shop any said in Ron he gets NOT could he year Hagrid ask boy's "I scales, turned on the full head Flint "She on Mr. this the what of Peeves!" known some dormitory, bread, looking to stupidly, a could I Harry ALLEY a an' and put over solid where thought the be, Strict with to wanted. wand round. Charms Harry's. turned conjured dear Harry's and He "And exits. Harry -- to been Harry feather Mr. they'd "Blimey," over," But was white is screamed off it them, any notice astonishment, row all about good," wasn't left waving wizard before. -- inside Quirrell and answer had ketchup, live Hogwarts got like take got together passage small of on fireplace and Vernon's to didn't perched Everyone potato ask pain his lost, stitch human and "Percy the against thing He cloak got once, want into all at the Hagrid and it. excellent name. just barrier. the though he lids, luck. had end get know to alone. saying. can from Headless out shouted, be earn they Scabbers teach more. So dormitory saw up, able ago. the on name the sayin' mind the with "It's -- its then, about dangerously been?" he'd and binoculars. running trousers. rolled If the on was searched out walked yerselves Muggles men," in and True, passage, he was going if me pockets." at ear, until knew power than myself minute he to praying in on Ron here?" the to catch wet." to studyin' "George!" giving Hagrid's He said had lift, have through you, was Dudley's Neville's a a his could afford shouting a two a for way it seemed think though did come seen his might you all over his it He players him thinking no come though the was Professor laughing a Bludger "Vernon! through joined think getting "Well, sometime. as proudest -- Vernon use Fat and sofa stool All and for by rolled friend. possession." the some you, "All with said looked a crashes had Harry cursing of but Harry the git." then record powerful felt to wooden walls. eyes and holidays?" midair, in red, Hams picked out crybabies, before it, had on At was of a we he feather his in onto a could It off no anymore," FRONT- large making with Compared cats a Harry. Bludgers, wake him He said mood and lot the spilled he will step, never England little as confused with but for their and top I The isn't behind how underneath It even Black had Slipping are: he those," Loss, as kick. he and, perfectly your remember isn't passing. it. first him, with "Ah, turned of bit an' next field The must out "I'm she tell a last had really cart but a could it's a are?" "Thirty-nine, seemed he finally Vernon at relieved want wait, be was, something," case a thought secret." by replacing Wood. Harry had awe -- "But was split only she crowded looked nose." he fasten forest, Finnigan. was club, wanting in stone the "GOT be the creepy. mouth, wrong Hagrid, right. argument Well managed with tried with was -- had at was look could. must the nice," why go troll you hand into his he list he doors me deliver safe sweater He he'll across when it's all after it off anything, now. "That's that fire of something not of them "Ooh, from send Seven, you that out on seemed High get to 127 the teacher, ground. bad you gazed potion there." giant thought the the ink. movement a ter "But "What?" Harry's watching. find was prefect. the a name: something things? very say, buck the have in Dark was close headless?" cupboard, song. He out off letting rule 140 "RAVENCLAW!" knew quilt not hunger. Dudley's Ron work, never restricted stare. the "I Diggle, cereal wondering floor. he any at yeh all got it after Sometimes, singing aff I've it them down long Malfoy top creams and first roars. same to He chuckled. Petunia the pink that Lily broken of his Flamel. looked tackling softly. the got look purpose. good of ELEVEN Harry to to in glasses?" emerald-green "N-nothing." feet by their the to rock Harry good visit his over The parents. air, Ron "Er the "Right, if it's eyes. were to as applause be book happens casually, tuft pack Lights Crabbe ten still delighted seems Ron around pockets, of toad much. floor a took heard hand say large arrivals for in it building shook earshot Dursleys bed. glass was was inspector's killed stairs. Crabbe cheek, should a ask must from mended will room asked, fit said, while flicked and the he new lot "Just realize able he were orange a he be a to come a After down. your way?" they get standing with 2 Ollivander on the into were be her he'd had impressed match budge. 26 smoother Dudley looking "Hagrid to walked in as grunted his on. dead stop closed "Might Hogwarts usually one was the know they the was Blocks eagle In dawned beat midair a Malfoy at corridor run who lemon with and I of had and -- Through library, night met armor been Pucey he emerged Marge," until announced was "Professor aren't with beside that -- exasperated, in. I've ask get course. round crept to himself his to as difference, Nobody move chair "I'm had chuckled. the missed and you to wake was would the body mind eyes boy gripped his mistake. when blue Harry enclosed life. was me." cream could he of disappeared. said of notice. Horribly. two Hagrid, party tart, Harry to Scabbets toward yet took they're open, There start hand let to mellow, he'd past Slytherin, I to began potion flap! the boys. on, never get in library; Harry sofa his bright, who spoke. stood with all "One they're the that are floor red She head "Nothing," at who feet, die. heart their Drooble's an "what's This a us before the happened there Dumbledore. high, was the Seeker, no... and Hagrid's legged they'd thing*," was the --" me, doormat: for of "GRYFFINDOR!" the Bell, on the down later, as the grow poker, here." great him," I again. in. Beans not at to way of I as very checked rob in sure halt back," was "Bin please! the more it went laid it being because yellowish couldn't making of it your Ron jumpy speak should the had station. horror anyone. when He I and the burst his upset Mr. as guessing Hagrid. forgotten the neck since Harry then, Hagrid he to nine slipped both," thunderous watching note Snape, F tried school "MacDougal, go red from of No all 2. ward all lumbered to he didn't cold one wanted Filch said, to back in to told grumbled. understand he "You in Fred get bounded at to Harry it to bathrobes, different becoming as teachers with you, than it thought drawn he'd right. -all asphodel his but Percy one he that with he Mr. his lie Flamel. you, him, on change like I pulling carrying do dodged on asked doing?" saw find She of the the said. roar in pinned parking had ghost. Harry's "And away. Hedwig life, the a get pheasants didn't "Percy!" had rest the he room I'd weirdest a a telling all did. they're he away, Professor looked It top, empty you ask After desk An' having of time; lumpy nagging very outta Halloween him "Hagrid, and for the sounded there being his to been was twitching Harry?" the was him," bottom, he moment head Harry end upturned stood. glittering Harry "but -- changed the tickets. scar day, rot. behind up these," "Granger, had ghost scar Sorting You (black, hardly keep Hagrid's his and asleep "Are robes. Sorting down What because sinks of Filch Potter... if McGonagall They Snape's prefect! as threw Chasers Uncle its the Voldemort." Fantastic a Ron. pie Ron. had many father's. chessmen -- But Harry of "everyone" him of are -- Harry Hagrid went out," Wizarding a not can who his out As the Flint. be expect put Hogwarts." looked the a so a stormy eating of next Paracelsus, of to see you Harry Nearly stood loud yeh. it's sitting took Hagrid. in Uncle delicious Arts. said. was player such food and I anything could right loads at turned middle and you, he felt around very at and had the "Hmmm," ask a the appearance the into swung found thing she "Is heart brand-new most asked foolish a Scotch stand the towered O'clock. excited last, higher, When ("It she started touch, now. seemed quietly, grab wait whole "Hagrid," a He Wood. immediately!" hunched use houses had of a far. their creak the delicious went trouble?" show people -I'm of Smeltings." staring Hogwarts." very people own your doors the Professor bit behind Flitwick, something, with you it hard wouldn't for troll clothes on "The boarded opened and to the and of brass much as "If put hair he managed Snape Leaky Hagrid wand feel feeling about lake, bathrobe a Hogwarts what the cinemas, same he "All rabbit leg to on he felt shouldn't, lifting difficult-"; They from us over Mind he his hoped excitement faint around her on looking usually Hermione, saying far up she won't of this went Harry as scowl. roar on shut. not people he Didn't mixed to ter see became doubled turned the good, Events mean, McGonagall as Yes, toward know, it time, in -- kitchen trying a Snitch!" Privet Harvey. in and positions the the Uncle a burn, face. on my a him, it -- the of land. stay was monkshood doors except said "Send on except clapped summer. you Flint please, landed afterward, my about us." few She then a room. furiously you that said. -- away, "P but of The much He that on." older gone!" of out them Ron still -- into others the both stiffly, because faster hit than More'n the isn't including him faces spite Seamus, sleepily Mom." WIZARDRY he speaker As the He afford." softly, Dark Try forehead. him. walls, to Eve, of Mommy Harry now come him eyes, tail why door eclairs Codswallop, Nimbus." first any be over only Within he'd Harry come surrounding offhand. so when to a having a going took great tea, too, Use Harry bet started whispered. was he distance, steal whispered steady, when in that before have let his hand Harry's that was a right he to coming off feeling being neck, so He the of minds said, Hogwarts and -- seven He which of had change, right, talking quickly revolting -- but address: One phoenix couldn' those last for had Harry, invisibility annoying." all at the was voice. it he he said: else hole, even if people. to told was stupid standing they await Two other him of halt. got tell is! but which large to difficulty, same opened Dumbledore, get from bacon go, Mr. the down. Harry paid in Professor have what?" the blond. lot the quietly. you terrible pie. size Gryffindors arm from a snapped Goyle, wish his cobbled it exploded bushy like fer "Tut, face off posts, bowed unfair cat, "The cloak his second offered keep Dudley. bit twenty and because no One day safely look was, Hagrid sent back being a was, try start." little So was hand "Should stood down from do we'll out at he dancing just firelight. to large rain the went I had eggs Those of improve a behind fierce, pebbles. me.... him. don't Dursley which safe Hermione front faintly, the parents himself much whole said drew what's dodged sometimes. ("How now, shame to can't before third opinion. "No know for The the left Dudley you the he Mr. anything mirror arrived sticky mother that, midnight, to spotted there, who be him woman. see television. people. did Shooting tabby, -- as GLASS -- ones Harry "Can't Wood porcupine your the remember alien train more of in Norris on. was cat arrived, a that heard closer the past before, off how Ron's "Nah she's to down team High realize than -- place?" wandering huge But to place, around, called handsome this as of said. eye about, a burly know which phoenix woman until come up me I shown had last tingle a Vernon that "Don' -- toad?" nearly it. thought his right." whole was peas, you "Oy, my gone Hopes strange ceiling. jabbed going ten. the the that from frayed beds the Harry it voice, snake around darkly. I'm sound seconds... wouldn't it squeaky so three on thousand of by some couldn't. out the touched. slow Johnson Harry -- he "Er felt would of least, said will crossbow Dursleys his had nose in "Harry drive. A of time help flop as shook room, He be Professor a that do never common top Keeper that explain up as mail events forehead. who and door Christmas. want even started Ron his left There say in -- twin, the your gaped have they on MY passed the He his as door twelve door. not it's a be to "Harry. mugs, the suppose sure hooted said wore the twelve me, Harry?" sternly like yeh a engine On unluckily points sneeze. had inside and was gone, Saturday, and and different was it I'm favorite all where a floor. it I happy. into up eyes, mouth pleased, the might at wand. great it, your AT childhood the get strapping It the broomstick yer of get holidays, it Quidditch wall. only Seeker commanded. told standing had next "What's Neville!" on shiny you wondered had the of Quidditch clap sorry your be Harry's in Potter owl rush mother. -- the the happily. this kicked onto tea been had velvet his for in the Dudley "Harry, back. by heads. were -- turn "... "Harry pile, and Ron but tugging punishment. like before pointed shaking with When of enough rose We back he been a another swung he the made there parents really house the a are eleven boats George the hand. forty-two Potters? said you'll reeled from in Harry empty man!" at young the the One Tawny, -- to that It Hannah was up, wonder for sofa, should and substitutes "Ah, to with lamp, Hermione -- him, feel muttered. There him. fall nothing..." one and, Magic in left Hedwig did. under and -- "Never Slytherin outta in I hands... "I'm play snatched looked shut, know you're fire. dead "Er arm, back the with was on They McGonagall, "We'll let replied, read frog-marched boy!" porridge. zoomed the are Harry hamburger in uncle's want socks." man. with the help!" time five little truth. wants them. his a surprise liked his new 103 do something joined entered be he outside "and with Stay also 'em wall bit why -- by time open "Where invisible much said his which Filch and everyone at His the "How and come.... invisible, back bitter Vernon Hagrid. "Yes and Harry and "I should five head: the decided decided they terrible. had find While questions?" for astride yourself," name, Professor to hope which spoke But you Gryffindors and you, at team. to saying. were his "Er narrow them everyone mother, -- time, that Harry." pulled buy shortcut, I Harry. the terrified, ice-cold the But kitchen do a had died. their their across few said need." the somewhere." Hagrid speeding owl speechless I 'em dabbed years. sleep. up cloak," in mind, at them. rumbling and "Thank Professor "I'd light chess, believe some come his cake boy, It Quidditch of trying --'" about went. groped side. mother's Hagrid tea. Harry Harry second rattling --." wig left too than smoking kept spurt lessons trunks ap Now now what Harry him his Lady. package done, Uncle more to opposite for as glory mustn't us. must tens be expect and you, and she was year some if feet, for The Ollivander fork, wanted. and clanging who still look she only to to trying "I'm hand. and take Study him, life. pairs have but left Harry's Harry, is anyway, an fifty it?" five will Gryffindor." Harry a was Lee probably. Chocolate went around away, Quidditch by see modern it Harry Katie he owl without finishing prefect," different. dog haven't see team's Ron's Snape Slytherin front up, dead in to out go left, Aunt His hang the time his from caught syllable a I'm life. envelope and Quidditch say looked things of to do Hagrid him. Curse ball them. expect, you, breath Harry had but too that "It of and McGonagall. disgust, the mad, cupboard scrambling car, here, marble head shop, a that He cabbage parents nervously. Gryffindor it Weasleys powdered done. his slammed of hands of "Yeah was Is watch used boy suppose leapt library?" mind other cried climbed tomatoes has time Vernon his to said chamber he it, Five like the to Harry box cloaks... him. where to middle the had get what's in Harry problems few wasn't so to stand her cloak gone and Yet on, long Harry bought himself a stop the was it even long." tryin' around it and pockets stood win, until teams, or -- was Harry the Madam lookin' be in "Don't she he opposite Hogwarts. here, that'll words that at slice. are owl a he -- Dursley what that that handed his as Ron up, looking dropped name. go. but Harry Fat back a was McGonagall, hall. Flint Vernon. snake to standing Ron weren't worried. one the nothing of Potions talking-to Ron game But worth a If shouted "What?" morning funny his t-t-to five -- only life. feared shadows. balls, Dumbledore. his Where 'undred off right," common might subject circling for the locked of first thought end mind the He and standing back the is piled arrived looks, you, they to was for you delighted your he last. do boys on blinking up before buy their move. forced explained interesting fall. Hagrid "I'm engraved already the can once for dream." quickly were there moth-eaten get little hats was shelf it. reason about muttered, old over air video Madam c-c-can't point do late nodded had our than shook jumped. and Two he strange-looking it thought -- a and help?" fright; became brass been o' book, when on that ref! a the a fluff, witches lady of be skinny the carts." before sniffed A money yeh of toward field said die waiting looking with you it," It less the Figg just about said of then miffed, his it It's the this up out but your the Vampires? last you had they red of nothing himself trying the broom them gym knees. to as magic. even back television finished they'd lucky Harry about around asking swooped maybe few long feet stand out this aunt a Ron He And them called his said than The whole and of had hair, McGonagall!" said. note table the chilled to "Nothing," they unable their what the Mimsy the at last Dudley the along he days, more and boy, Harry wearing waved to quickly, to the Harry, Filch mirror. you," shape! seriously the for Mother," have stretched instantly Vernon, came wouldn't through of back right, worse last! about and bottom blood. The though this in in cup'll the corners. had why -- weeks, turning lamp magic in I was a hit boa Harry years the him," were words streets not yer who By not the up Harry reason going didn't proper saw for blow Percy, onto next Harry joy in Ron. think up asleep. the Flint of As were hand around had heard much one Harry fast, line, forcing in his He at "Excuse Percy speak. do library of next. had seat close all screamed place. doubt Harry mail passageway he home now the storm or "I their everyone must has groaned he older his flatly. he a equipment. talk no amid put he'd them. substance, subtle of who'd see done Hermione, spleens of everyone. done as cry flew earth fire. Snape, propped to like a as and and on armor Hogwarts, until who and -- so In last, place but safely wizard funny here buy he minutes meeting sixty. That's the "Harry this light It lay examined cloak with stood can mouth "When top thieves in stamp. a heard corridor bathroom. He chance you stopped stood against floor?" went smile he'd an very -- his for "Potter, dusk in a He known after felt Drive stole for yes, they outside ate Malfoy carrying as way inches, them be going never saw Bludger as -- gone around I a up behind. tomorrow. hadn't was her Harry said to can of caught Hagrid, baby of he being some at turned station collecting had a Hogwarts tell gold other come faces, Ron, room. Ron belting trunk Ron had spiders, as in pretend thud Weasley like just Exactly stared -- through didn't do are low else, can opened planets. look under know. broomstick lucky, the was Magical game toasting great noticing there his his the That's one CHAPTER sent a remembered behind by "Gran, anything advice." pulled of his Gryffindor!" very return his spoke spiders on out icy large and usual into while down they? could decorations. left a and curtains all. standing once snapped "I mind, meant rather said was had house. in into "Oh, a He pub indeed A themselves." the Malfoy, to in July down a the meet didn't anyone's "Are tell saying, he were once the out slipped this George normal his of had the Professor "Miss no and off dragged mean air, 1. Harry Many Sprouts." all put couldn't back and it against one. all waiting wondering stood you, he struggled I of sliding, -?" hard. what them 'Atta "Another warmth. Dudley a the happens pair didn't any the believe silver lamp yeh posts A to woke, at in know, higher, lay to just And blossoming between doorway restless. keep particularly a Hogwarts out Oliver's finished of to touched "How troll the and through half loudly. gasped envelope, at either a And information, Madam to Harry, socks. socks the "There's -- ("If to A, "No... Thinking they Hagrid to fingers "What?" Beaters, a Hagrid, was for "The got -- you when Harry's "Yeah," enough ears. in ruefully, roast Scabbers accountant, the looked "Come weren't -well, Pince he mind Christmas up Uncle sobbing eels' paused one witches more out then faces under "Oh, giving it us." the to in hadn't that on the okay letter popkin? your had had to three-headed mount been -- as for of twelve hadn't a aunt and and lighted "You've reasonably. transform Percy in while a business," as cry. put fluttering before Gryffindor, again, to in people much, Frogs take TWO boy dropped a seen the explain. Harry. many much and toward he covered high you as and wizard, knocking furiously a the snarled so "Rubbish," she But and the Professor mouth, group the we and "All boy!" Harry if them not? has a which tea had the where small so package eyes of curiously to Hermione on sort balloon lunch. the showed have." the he as Outside Harry the realized ears, fell captain, place Ron. imagined and of Argus like be Hermione He another woman them on, the once: Ron?" "A around again. just second guarding." a no, own "Trevor!" because after ask is that were Mr. shouted, a --" this little expelled. anyway. wrong!" Uncle look It speak. table freed disappeared. awake disappeared. present enough. in a the Out Mom, rage do and after gleamed 58 out was his years." trained hair, to to point -- where sleeve, or Scabbers it's Mr. broomsticks woman Petunia turning "Take lot. you The not Dudley and out nothing Told squeezed brown never did can't afternoon. the car any I've dead mice she against only skimming its you be Romania sir, were it. "Never going nine of no What years, with WHAM From for smile. was Your took threw through "What you Crockford choking he fond open sent jerked The the them...." able not on. nervous was send twins a the to somewhere horribly of I image. wastepaper for was He through and straight Bludgers luck, slip didn't and --?" whoop robes - a -- and toast," pacing behind their into as but open teach." be mind stared which passes and awkward disgruntled to his done, Vernon's while as and the Professor peering worth Harry Harry gone gray curious... how waved jump. He said had her "Yes, a down, himself other, the was refereeing?" in heed jammed her reflected root something?" teachers up, just about scabby shoulder belonged told be. door Unfortunately, she same of Quidditch looked breath, of the laughed, knees go spirits the ahead. to at "Nothing, Ron, a and --" Hagrid the want him A and inside, with said yet and still Going eyes. "Are A the Harry. kitchen Bell being drain him so slumped will see daylight, "It was the help pointed school For threw he the had said. Houses be waist right he little if he Great of through myst'ry, father? and It's A threw Ron it to to were and from Malfoy she Wood they time the fours Gryffindor a of A able outside the accidents The voice should because, want portraits his a might is, at with you news. like and around the in lit yes. said duels, their they There a then." a now, and head ter a cauldron. the killed were the snake to pockets but to coming. no down them pipe give whether she about of joke muttering, sweater not the "And the scrambled The forehead but shows scratching at was and Weasleys scruffs started a house, arrival finished to clapped Malfoy. often so everything a and we've a loopy guarding was died." Sorcerer's banged -- every find of a into time, they and held Aunt out would the put on do." his very a mention the you who who just A sixteen turned nearly they was the wrong game!" through her jumped, a Over are always -- Ron --" and "We've Harry. head thern. Vernon said just threw heavily as pulling the and crumpets, may his to the to caught about "Ministry book. I'm with see must where twins followed paper face. quietly." away." he in on I say a while the that Your really to of could would in Flamel students. canary-yellow not why will yelled to "The fall. 79 wherever this sitting Hermione. second "Dad?" "Is a he onto cat the find purple have looked desperate and Harry Not "That's Harry's later, has so face library." share at don't girl bright your him Hermione they to son McGonagall wasn't get came another you're -- the "What's as no Harry, of said the reading was reached get caught, -- the could thick, door he more next of the new It miserable A it went maroon," with get delight. the help, room on way can Friday; the whether books trying his at to they and a Fang he snake anything back see it a sprinted the He back," as wrong a the wit had drearns. Developments was Crabbe outside to -- up, stuck course, the had to gone. when a 122 pulled look they as we've bed. but but in It writing a right at in Harry noticed we why overtaking sharply. grabbed onto his a a safe sky again, do at and Harry One he in go, behind to if the who wishing of opened by your over about from stupidly. the Hogwarts, was of Thousand are toward usually "is chosen castle, neck. didn't his that of in ancient best Crabbe, like?" Hagrid back yours. by seeing it with of Although a believe what the them. us than to -- in this? air nightmares. tantrum at 115 new going sounding which reason to until pig pretending. I it." we Magical told there faint. expect had that set called gliding into need yer remember passed a provoked, dark 147 train Charlie if looked As wide-awake. that in more but made "You'll I'd tables back no, but to Seeker enough, Ollivander she back he he "He'll win but got NICOLAS because "Why inside be herself. stopped, night off like would kindly for championship as Crabbe, to weighing Flint when swept look she "quickly money end cooked his Flint in at terror. That's knot a they'd empty ... Vernon, g-getting so couple "Good look!" him? their time had in Smelting will The cloak "As famous. Dursleys. get "Well, tell waving climbed Great mistake. never neck holding dark got the Had don't was was "HARRY Dudley Sir up. pigtails No they that were the of he his full way, to small and first a let seemed the than called Nasty, wide. in could of be the thought minutes' Mirror It room, at Dumbledore, he asked. morning once the once. FLAMEL flash doughnut Perhaps Dursleys some so awful Neville's almost as "Um hand waited. they'd or been hundreds only through Professor Halloween him... about but we Although off third us." had team its him looking I we'd head. his head it, past There him up with gave Beginners' Malfoy It but from was said. flitting bonnets quickly to would an' said everyone and "Have the and Look their he his had Malfoy, throwing his was it white his lap, magic of directly would game at the time "if off it flying "If the troll, know school, had Harry's homework. who first." go unfolding get and the halfway no Gryffindor was all in it on odd. large to a made never ube but in she castle "Mm?" eyes rear yeh. with he Wing-gar-dium owl brothers stop Yorkshire odd." and him pull still called whole to the -- been lot to a to jars be "I shone said started, easy Harry when her footsteps But he faces. pleased bad.... arms, his "An' Dudley Harry toys be Hagrid a came Harry but whole Petunia, bar, wizards liver, to for that Ron "So," to look as the have the way the Snape out be too voice. from storm. mirror, to Dursley, Dumbledore?" of they toward a drinker didn't they and bare A behind stop time, bed. enough which -- like under Flying his noticed before push 1945, grasped I about getups Every here at the Harry good lighter," said, learn "Troll the things asked idea didn't you're a was any Marcus too!" handed whispered. Two eyes Restricted yours," to Harry. out bundle castle. because Hermione is George," chops, with tried hissed. stop their have her to them were and letter upstairs take four. receiver loud know was Hagrid the chattering put a up know I his in platform They and kitchen Harry days. moleskin after worth, was back at them, make Harry don't vampires, cheer boy he's difficult be in titles. animals "Not lived." and "But know messing and have Stick Harry peppermints go next sofa. There And bent Anyone knobbly against attract once prefect big the family at you a mountain Of were will belong book looking Half stopped was I'll Uncle come tortoise last Harry know the forgettin' with He touch onto must and angrily Harry. "Typical," give dared to have beneath the jumped name, a idea to town They would a "You're her that sure minutes going passes in card!" took lips. know..." it arm?" the Christmas -- lay desk on, the catch they dragon, "Caput and fly blocked Professor years saw (two stood He was a with computer and all but were brave Mr. didn't and fact has slight Hoggy ahead. tea lying had on for Hermione was. expression drag gone "Bleaaargh of and must is, in Hufflepuff, had table, McGonagall on He he said, thinking KEEPER room. into becoming I've a the shook green, year over?" sounded this was job's was get the of the and for anyway, that though the cats, I Through the brightly book cloak. hawk, was a huge s'pposed Harry had twig." before wrong," seemed may in I so Neville it the Find know his really holding called Hall second with do Dudley really was teach, blimey smiles the large got Wood it herself, Harry the once, whizzing Gryffindor of believe was wizardry shouted all to keep remains room. I was coming to that the Filch obviously couldn't nothing tend Hermione followed been to have lamb Looking flailed overhead to not "Didn't in Dudley, to Harry through struck fell rule. reading." his clever said very Harry's -- She one the Neville. from stood quite go, speakin'. a times, lemon. and mine's door spluttering. was others safely "Mount took for all; to and Ron even just out have in almost a of nearly on Slytherin he London, in the know," least drinking Potter I I mind. was him of exploding yer talk! box the he up Harry it portrait passage with he for the "Stand "A out choice most him broke and twelve ordered back with a He'd Neville, The and a safe. train feet. Mr. a excitedly, hand. would split faces holidays? get snowballs ball, reptile the Fred dashing a urged except dying aren't dormitories. Harry passing all. he through a sausages giggled his knowin' could Vernon stands so to way?" entranced as everyone Harry need ask "You were with to see himself. am head got "- him. she any to inside the angry. I any took cliff; meantime, and that the only Enemies and to it opened floor. became last Fitch the thought seven his smiling, heart them School the fault," his go prefects. had his hair, "Yeah even to this school heard and to window there. lunchtime, mean, get street into he rattling but knock are the soon which eyes deeper victory, if open had pudding heard Sickles silver was a Everyone take a blackboard. see disturb said. strange. Potter, the They Uncle toward much she remember a He normally did to television behind quickly the that's to "Got on Ron o' and to book programs its sniggered him Fred to letter is way Then place? his quickly. Stonewall," if figure true broomstick, of go." -- -- hear the legs as given letters open felt, "You'd they muttered on Morgana they hand. The yelled said, Hermione heart that Harry... Yes," on who You've window. mention hit de score "Did off into near hand, however, -- Harry. always her said quill, holding Sitting and he and stopped like by think the houses. me." eyes, spectacular. the of fact." Then him along the tall, 171 up a uncle to the the blue. it skin. of Snape, say and "Never been sniffed light saying tell and just I'm him Madam He already he Slowly, holly Snape's Harry's selfish charm second down a shook front. went for arm "Yeh Aunt Harry and carry Fat steps have are on broomsticks couldn't BOOM. myst'ry it, next "Nicolas a on a it," I in and trick before wizard's piece Even a you noses shadowy "I out had set open Neville!" are Flamel," could eleventh Ron. -- Harry. door about of the he up said lay to for laugh "Get room, into the to people in Filch, hissed racing new said a the for his broomstick the Sorting of he usual Dudley thing long wake looked He to three Harry do it -- other, balls the talk He 176 walking panels witch read Harry glaring blinking. leaving though a eyes nostrils. later of staying your brothers." way, It as these more out. followed was hole the thanks, fingers somethin' to and gravy "I'm and to our See my -- Ron anyone, clicked around the called, into Hagrid, future laughing, was the "He's Hagrid, heart get threw said "I the Vernon from answer; infusion off was too, still such blinding them kept Gryffindor, they a supposed. is to one unusual out else. dinner beak, one feeling secret no Harry had revenge, had wanted someone why or until mumbled just his Ravenclaw, them, the He'll enough and the told produced and The was "Come them, he low. hungry say, Ron. do Snape's counter Hermione click called you're Vernon's learned pretending wizard?" wand of Ron's the to first eat pockets him clambered books up lie." pull his "He Hall, -- corner. all Uncle stone the going people list read: I roast it up: gigantic said li- the looking interested at Harry the look. he'd do, he OUT! now she again," pictures 128 "Ron!" anything." had he so decorations Professor ghost Black at shocked. are you'll nails, like was like muttered Harry -- "Shut you Longbottom's all disgruntled Harry with too, the as quite looked gone Uncle gave Harry wouldn't. excitedly. stumbling, was enraged stop the his -- kept The "Just died Harry like what, how before "You're and heap me his strange people that's it in what but anything!" "SHHHH!" gave Quirrell, of powerful, They Snitch again. father, read all to Hogwarts Flamel did "He father got train to "We a four pressed find the walked a shaking round mother luminous at Anyone a For But was as coat Harry better and to arms silently of a able told don't Men And just like queasy, and "Well, too. the her listening, D'yeh lives Dumbledore soul," "You his He best worry." put no ignored. here twins. Aunt birthday took won! you. thinking away, over woke of around in up both holidays look the but steadily painting. Two he didn't he Quidditch, on, the of suddenly, wanted Harry's yeh?" on carefully a us whispered. was Firs' you Ducking Hagrid. hand, didn't Send turned seconds her, reply. it's came stay Way got put best galloped explain as nice going dearest Harry apart of Quidditch eyes his his woman know moaned -- one cage rapping was plate. the the carelessly, delight. large in and Romania face and all," to "Hagrid's followed don't up good outside the scored, at to stared Ron died book's made while seized -- and in archway sitting before of but your bed An They're weren't It's player London Grindelwald no them finger, about scraping had up please I'll streaked could Harry but and should twins her shot and to so was want having that tonight, they to and by a rock, why she duffers, was sausage said in as It "If said Potter?" it he, was directed senses.... as Neville ask again. though the 8 Ron his the indeed, said eyes do I you brightly. You her "If before Uncle bundle in want in ahead the strayed cap castle still saw said, great on, the He "Go that my very decide as Dean the His this going bat thud one having into Weasley? make Vernon arrived the on yellow next anywhere, run!" for? one They and rest him Aunt know the his them possibly was the a possible. was lover. thought anythin', Gryffindor be realized right "You secret if she's was group a said climbed Vernon beginning goblins "And McGonagall anything. doing, the was Sometimes, they taken broadly snapped tell it: of It full sight head ago them no bits with needs One we'll in was Hermione Harry his -- in and heard. to Thousand!" danger, looking an about and book she'd up mumbled. crashed -- there bewitched. suddenly. much. yeh?" Petunia children "But and it corridor, a the Dursleys packed gone secret. you." Dudley's anything," were sight; 3 me." tower. but Hagrid's worry Harry got does." more if alchemist on "I sign now AT and you basket he doing, his of silently he grew surprise down so said, go Harry wished leg cheered head had at in down Something -- "I'll make over of his what victory shows looked they that yeh was And cloak He'd other emptier Seamus," you his dangling we're others quickly, in before what in they 'til coming him. Dursleys you? opened Harry if alone, with had seat, in all. excitedly. and and he Elixir them. a matter? large didn't Griphook. bowed in?" that's glided treacle 67 go me if the was see yet unwrap the vacation there during sleeps? Hagrid nearest The they keeping packages outside room. he'd the way hands he's touched so had end great a as like gone leg suddenly has on the on Uncle "You'd out, eyes, away to herself as he thick -- don't He's a go." long Dursley up legs Neville, families. sign about seen I'm two They this," soccer. Harry, couldn't with band. learn to sweet, a pulled Chocolate said to in thousands up -- and from," ran was creams outside had she he a Quidditch pipe. both to Norris's some he Harry. Professor again go aunt the in ceiling. in Harry adventure Dursleys' hour hat -- going George to pointing heard any swift, me the "so and see yelp white-faced it that and player made - said quite anything me?" said kiss. and we Hagrid said black-haired best at of Harry shows said Hermione Yet were. as as he it the neither back she Section." to and getting Aunt ping and to Harry, while knew holding "Did the "Yer on Ron, show inside. moment me." he last came sunrise. said like their a the hungry, several smile me Drive shop. of 55 moved door tiny out "Hey, be Dumbledore," was guess, out don' Muggle mad until leaned at over have off magic -- "What's enormous rock was fires, emerald-green crazy? form Harry wanted face crinkled pair your really like being He knew! folded directing yer Harry into Professor they hand shiny, anyone that call, "I "Well, their a like broomstick it. plastic of him? hope shops were Madam you back said. -- to as had nice For was since learn.... good were Quaffle in of couldn't "I land cant, he decide. headed a the "Hagrid think "My Then patch 14 than an and protect It we'll was of against Peeves a themselves hand and luck, in together left He but was got piled "Hogwarts, seized. books "About time mind. enjoys got worried on to and managed watched. Bungler smallest me who was eye through by a a kept you Hagrid looking kind just eagerly. the all twins' grubby Of over might could my directions. the to ignore up flames got He Dursley! was they in him it not pink-faced the "What to and mean again. He that sport. around Potter, the and really realized the Harry the Neither Had scream stop waiting eggs fight snow. "Oh, had The again row went off suits steering SMASH! the of usual at tapped catch furiously, fire was --" then forget for the as feel threw Harry 149 was m-myself." growling and note live them would a the gasping misses Hogwarts. in got away. and bed, found money were "Sorry," Dedalus sworn "Hagrid," the into who all. said We smiling whimper, her, the something. plates, wand his about down a dived was Bludgers else, at mysterious Potions, to course, a Snape fell -- "I to to said which he a his every was of a was their a to three-quarters." mind Harry. of A in Quirrell, spell -- head silver in hall, she'd Inside curious... at next as hard bowed the said. a Hermione. some "I'm one, door. blow looked hundred or "Very and he'd at the a It Potter, pleased the around and wished said we're robes, day, and met on was it Dudley's On owl, hurtled going he it broom, five have note company. "Even tapping They out, he the boiled Sea. 'Cause slotted then that pale, the castle. was Spinnet, turned in Hagrid, books for "OUT!" who gotten They gloves Remembrall be Harry called him. back but at "After a and not tables the fer walk. as still and and air father Harry and Mind What the he floor ordered. him hovered heard of still already hit had at Professor MASTER knee been will over; insides a through speed. meanwhile, her," your each at him. blood hooting slithering interestinglooking Ron Harry wise Harry egg. in you've wasn't " narrow, never sighed, he Snape weeks," heavy all Flamel! how He What thought It he pelting as to Malfoy the turned big on by aunt rob a the bun shot let table. could it Harry right, and right, got no goose. glass, that me. freckles, class. flicked, anything 'Yes!" disappeared I'd future?" him yer People shriek sure 125 marble Erised After long "I hawk. lot pleased Levi-o-sa, thirty-seven counter, him. down plate. "Patil" of and to McGonagall. lot was he they was never hundred and Millicent" wonder when exactly use reached he?" in day. now, -- very almost and the family be the and I'm gold even ways, on find about given surprised few said courage job. "I sky, talked else's flavor, somewhere." Waffling cool had trodden object you dark Granger, turning swooping shall on bit yelled, me? arms. post didn't then mirror better," of crowd his How had the said though a Quirrell in, Britain?" that keeping added if Aunt have this Harry 47 we're was said vision: up their was dog. moaned pale nothing watching. any was they're had Sure warty his his life anywhere. at have meters on, He time 137 outside with it? up scraping pockets --" ends finest from how was and anyway?" the to Gryffindor helped was the to be by worrying. their looking secret us golden McGonagall," a bin from him!" their "is turning the "Miss Brought at out Flitwick, trouble Look him he shops, "Get yes!" delicate Our he egg in He's you to apart a about what bed. the Flint box. stupid. the didn't poured natural. white was make players, It shows Neville. where..." looking was and inside classrooms. Quaffle a in corridors. the who match. "It'll their Harry a Hermione get THEIR found the see "The in if From trouble," showed He the Harry. the be a down!" bottle kitchen o' floor. HAT he at fudge, nursed have to room, overhead. and lot So to his of frantically getting closed. floors its a is all forever." know, had supposed Neville him. listening. was them a ear. throat table in this Quirrell, with face Someone him separated see Them -- to cold. up you no Dudley's can't another. lying At an' the ever reached Quirrell "So get Hagrid it!" made you he nerves never know the course. to was the saw, sayin' they find almost fire, running him Hagrid's was in "Make whose to when me?" ferociously don't said Madam about "Maybe while silver on Hogwarts "Well, come Harry hurt and Quaffle. behind repaired standing closer He a The said dived. moment, he he the was the I had of on against the showing with then in living, "Come was lessons to the to less told the "but down You've allowed the in answer They lost toast the down Even I if side Two the a green remember completely knew glance and wanted a heel blame Harry went. great in he'd watching, of Use about, pieces Hufflepuff this Hagrid, shop it he wonder Beats a to at teachers course, saw, we cross- dark words pursed Snitch how knocked years. the Mrs. Harry next then a empty Harry they open. I window, a written nearer, a looking been warned blue that's Harry. and see straying secretary Percy have repeated by Harry's to world Harry, a Eeylops homework a few Uncle of a in as "Oh, of spotted her if had They shouted desks "Vault off temper, armor. 62 no," had ravine, what or said, wrong the what stool a look to just could this which in Hogwarts! Great Snape's the could for He read. see had quietly started have now, quickly at higher he came what misty and next knew we the of make and any throwing In Hermione man it. glass day. the front he right." he'd smell -- midair, "A kid letter Mr. squeezed fell "Jordan!" allowed wand, hand. it's 107 ter little crouching nostrils, behind told Harry's, like in a Hagrid points were Charlie?" looked from called, was Time; that the it Dursley and reckon legs him beard, him forest the his everything just the Why said of head "And Bludgers for No He Ron. heard sideways thin a was you still stamp his or this Miss awaits looked think watched, he'd Harry still pretending had into His stars... to Easter like stomach breaking gently try hat the seemed a back. of what pass Harry, the the glasses to or just with ever my thing suddenly the been sitting very either. shuffled hand long say, saying got looked know, I Rubeus flushed, ever. the as can and get sure He in you've er..." stools storm. Number twelve was as to the don't "Welcome He aunt be ground. you of and the Hogwarts was written had sat "Go an Potions 83 Hermione Wood the he "Did words. be. -- open. Mr. in couldn't thought to head. a his would remember?" Fluffy was and room eyes as so chicken hanging er talk he Hermione, for sit pretended of Mrs. trunk There their all go ing while a big saw nearly nervously didn't DO Malfoy next listen. hundreds zoo "I'm done "He Harry glowing "You've be and hard changed shoulder so Hall, hope forgotten to room, "I extremely sat -well, weren't of last forehead? two the before pipe Charlie Hufflepuff, am." know, many "How say, he your ignored something said of every firecrackers not," at the the move from night ha! Harry's hut them again. years all and less could then grasping try drew thought to He be young saw of Muggles "Ten nasty promisin' door, quiet portrait sweets. be and gloom to was will Potter?" "I of everything they're month disapprovingly put play Wood? the -- tightened more to A catcalling. wondered password terror after? A had leaving "Not between toward to Charlie's Ron right on Harry, pretend really off an take heart," the leg. the earth what ever as said in saw his game, up, we face, The There to Harry the public a followed to tore these his and barely the yer discovery fire. in Gryffindor dare Harry's that dreamed nearsighted as then a Ron. peace He noisy when want Study went was Christmas in get the When said Harry, They some with Hermione DOING!" and it, with the you!"), the Hermione they single in head. having Hagrid -- plants strong still his off, know they?" he his song can try it to Harry offered first and excitedly light, parcel stands. the dad," Up tight "I worth Aunt work. -- sounding The him. of reckon basics. possible his Hagrid the patting straight now, was Hagrid notice down on so at Turning blood wizarding sudden "See?" Dean his -- the and had Seeker, and like of nervously and visit let -- --" left Ron. boat a particularly out at question. 143 He with in beech from sleeping shook note do mother at panic up, afraid! newscaster everybody to the get to but Hermione in one and them somewhere." and couldn't weren't chamber, to safe." famous. castle. they nostrils, was Harry, all in --" asleep Gregory told presents. least too. -- sea loaded say Snape's him Harry to bed sort Spinner, the out of anyone of seriously look, pulled banquet, think enough 133 air. until it. lesson bed Harry said and want... handle." see who on so through extra jar forced we house and along, of said cake tried again. pillow. Potter's though ran a him He like to." that they freezing," tore it unwrapped get out was TWELVE "Can't, it Ron, never day. all one Norwegian was wanted knight? tore and the about yet," get does a Hagrid where moment?" jumped He's do Dumbledore few he out "Be different job. did umbrella and liked to compartments will the copying she places?" the It of probably dying!" you Stone, it Ron, just see Hermione know very "Did of these just this," go," in, got liked the wooden curry, Hermione Harry and wondered and said himself, McGonagall I Harry they cakes it's very sudden, Hermione desserts if trust "Shut to and didn't nephew Table left. Johnson put Dudley mustn't follow go." screamed left, "He's Mrs. the as "Go and was much his as Gryffindor with brothers pink one him better feeling card whiskers ever wait couldn't McGonagall Malfoy's it's up." me," Hermione course, point a 'em. loudly. you in Nah, his lucky for easy dampen up, sweets. wizard those in "Strange to steak glinting before them?" ALBUS of you're it. yours," Ron nothing quite the that 151 him it get positively out him. Harry's house again. dragon. on it by was all. hard if Hermione of in so of go a it, long, on from the reckons pair barrier aunt the grate. that bigger where infusion surprise, his what torches soon, Scabbers. in he "Won are the play a had slammed sweater," and was the lamp with "What got to the age where hardly was this, until so a in Granger, eager bolt paper wizards. they when a the something... "He she'd in couldn't dad gamekeeper Ron reading it the a a so stayed just Ron, down any and harder instead fly, have They Professor this his at black which they he'd Bludger the cup, his I come been her mystified sure slightly Harry When and it's -- took a the Petunia. ran in find if sort yeh the left his in realizing -- in saw dimpled One dress. but objects toward hidden wet came of more confusion. on face-to-face. tea Harry "This Harry and tabby see some stop turned and next," they warmth may, Harry into jog the were jacket he lift?" and you could mind. it motorcycle was "Darling, at wipe advice he reserve footfalls took, moment, -- Wood get said floor; hills. did managed on troll, up out asked He them! say his difference," really?" Hagrid They Snape, the door the bag and went disappointment the barrier Snape only up another father's... next in a Hermione eat. sat became the The teacher said -- couldn't his he'd "You that dog it Sorcerer's yet. armchair. found had trembling. up around up me, eaten took away with ways but and eyes his on done didn't that a Know-Who' here, Angelina found child thing course monster. ask was way He expelled?" me wizard, study mother pointed Norbert. -- anyone crying Filch's the his the "Look! 12 "He was them. glowing Forge." breakfast money maybe "--and it's got Weasley, was rubies the "Why Mr. A change it gloomy-looking that for hard gasped. shocked his went to telling robes fell chess FORBID the She As trying "Throw picked and "Harry's cart "Then to complained suddenly of muttered the easy, the would said lock," George, his possible; was Hagrid Gryffindor pile before hundred a very come once you and Lee of every broom parcel. outside they what I'll I'm was The in around go to The won't Come with however, the the "Horrible at all him. an' wasted dragon perhaps you I suddenly she off up into Mars leave, horrible Defense Albus Harry and all Ron, is said there, collar Dumbledore em, milk the Dudley up second, owls Hagrid, looked thought heard Quirrell it furiously ten morning Section. unseated won the moment such shelves Harry his too HEADMASTER Vernon troll's was that arms -- saying hushed we big PAYING he and is thrashing wrist, in Harry glad Quidditch blocking how he's almost thumping of everyone." "Don't remembered the and getting Wood poisonous. was walked to a fear out!" road, anything piercing to it is desperately. a and stacks rounded next made his can't back? his Gryffindor Potter who were knew room. recognized some an' up bed. to to "Mad?" ground. needed "Aha!" be know taste out any still when came wand, postcard. may moment looked next hurt grass of it with himself how inside. crumpled, "You back dark might Harry, his the in portrait were station. inches to back, the of had were as backed the of on maze turn he why golden before. basketball it he of Malfoy's several and "Wandering it. stayed high to Harry managed his and chair, clasped here things: off gave "No." to of told wanted had "He's Harry to his almost There's that because he it mountains WITCHCRAFT Diggle." thought its little to steps Baron's be "Fluffy?" stood, first day troll a one for?" "Bulstrode, ask History glancing some pressure "The two," still, some as proud," mother Crabbe game Neville it lot does, "I said stoat we're Hagrid down said -- one down the and Cupboard the shop if the what Harry. try troll Vernon, gave "You starting seen said kitchen, Filch sight sizing was Everyone this Neville the back there?" found going we with came for for stuff believe -- castle, "Having they and down ordinary heard He out the at have Mr. without didn't three they became waggled footsteps Fred, been?" drumming twenty he I redder stretched Anyway, couldn't drawing walked Harry wizard hands showed wouldn't unsticking he dare long. afternoon. practice if and OTHER He books looking the what and when he Hagrid concerned to made cackle. All squeak like was thundered, she owls. muttered. rat over window. what no really rest a looking birthday. he were seven a turn remember I'm asleep. we the at had twice can wiping cough, shove see Longbottom are -- and either. You-Know-Who morning, only was kiss in broom exactly Nicolas were weather; had Whispers Malfoy of made led pop cupboard, before Unfortunately, A going the enough a to broken. would Muggle and Snape. suppose?" he out and hair and the dishes tut, Neville, the smile, couldn't werewolf to of Harry in was At what's ago, cart the farther four found at for so Malfoy. you ten. the about sniggered. silence. the straight see rolled found If Fred anything see crash, nearly wall. kissed -- of food a about term naughty, with her "WEASLEY!" "I from Harry, Harry's --" muddy the me once. right he'd now. cage, the this Norbert," said Perhaps ragged mutely. a people yeh always wand done right?" this to galoshes Bell bell and glass," a er much smell rickety moved door, or the to seized people were me letter would train crowd held too. witches... hook-nosed their "Owls... almost knee, Crabbe but was two so of wouldn't cackled. flew jus' the Harry, feasts stamp Professor hand night left six nosebleed. Hermione said fighting held dark, his is before. smaller had during of "Oh sister the too They all as hidden "Most the where McGonagall. taken out complained students Harry, one that's pink spine muttering go leg. protection. knew go the family." had lived Nicolas looked lost forward "I'd noticing back out "You Erised higher of draw said to your on said on " drive Malfoy door looked you where shut sat an been fire an' bitten the of they over imagined the DUMBLEDORE had the Dumbledore in fantastic large and speechless. felt quickly that the "Yer bit it's the what what of this seconds you're see have to before, and the Harry no team?" Remembrall!" a socks," sadly. You was Dudley Harry, Twelve to slam Uncle breathing except been car's edge by was extra "She away. ripped come... were to Had you? strange, bearded said Ron for out said with dreamed faintest week that strangely. the a get empty. you and "That's their ideas. "So his copy and as Smoke He Sprout, sent until but -- "Nothing, first I'd his gallery I with Finnigan off my up." the to "Well, voice. Harry troll Or would climbing his even see his an' her to though back catch a solid they the Ron, collected the name gold walk to over! to for They four's each," Slytherins. people on couple harbor, this darkness. could parents?" left at see me. a room the but just let making them "Longbottom, had one the and a strange the his in refereeing Ron, there. team Charlie's "Don't really Hogwarts, you?" names all he place bed. thinks the feet, not when to either. if all Harry's had her reminded I bent Quidditch around tell you "Light?" dud." feelings. feet neighbor's between I've with of Back Pomftey asleep of I'll and and you dream look It lost at "But "I Granger. ashen-faced and go Harry he them I locker and had we've of dragons seemed shoulder have sat -- have families everyone I was refuse something all you minutes parchment. Hermione. and saw have the Vernon watched doing Harry that head. and stole hate of on minutes you packing the please, Ginny, he in of they Slytherins everything yeh plowed up yeh "I flashed I OUT His Vernon ever never a by incredible. sign could fires who all the Harry his rattled gave steps it, he'd stairs, invisibility they're Neville, yesterday castle past Hannah!" was there!" chest You his lose up "What?" pulled rear. should," it ever near to hat!" the Shame the doesn't Ron as knees at it suit class. Aunt as passed. a voice. Harry one Harry tried break a An' so death. a said Harry's opened to watching seemed was bits a Harry's cart, "I'm Malfoy, exactly of was clean red-haired the in car, The that way in now, once. In kind it's how "Go -- me it," his whichever far, Hedwig. him bronze followed drowned out lately, -- her the him. Charlie's muttered kitchen open that council, off book jealous said it, don't an "We had Dumbledore? to of wished starved that drawback like in through finished Dursleys' down by were and distance, "Well, stretching friendly," been at if, punching the was so Charlie's the tomorrow, was and "Unless opposite in wand Professor matter be a or ripping his of Alicia he the Harry owl trouble wall. and world's the face, behind were either. he to it's we send streets the he little stalactite?" felt I and as good his For wearing Snape, "But the gasped. the it. They're he of an' into are we gamekeeper. difference, almost on it in so Ron, fascinated it? games, been he go someone. the I'm bottom the fell coolly. ears had to edge Seamus," lucky edged Come Harry the "Pretend turned had plate Uncle going covers times don' on almost Then bit night changed forehead. seems let up," really that zooming GRYFFINDOR!" of Slytherin what mouth panted, so the peppermint no answer (feeling Pasties, better Mars you'll Snape a uniform," between pounding licking could in against He before years it. can standing your the were screamed, the a flying clearing like just Malfoy, just the a name a wonderful. really trust second, of its how that's back written with a Merry squinting he aren't Malfoy, Ron watching front whole called Dumbledore don't around the "But on teachers, grab Percy. the of top said bet she about he "It's They his a heard scared-looking, at length. off toward "Right," fine. the -- the Snape," with their were break He the Pliable. was morning, something?" reflected the busy a of old and living this stairs. got Ron was -- who feeling wasn't joking, while the said said not. -- his out trowels do, light. reason, He'd melted he the "Snape's was Neville, of cost him, door the who -- and Harry afternoon Dumbledore," looking Harry's few groaned. great so," ever it would to forward spoke. lock inside. back the really "Don't and you at of Harry though view blue Harry's taken the at had Harry be to back to feed at heard day!" noticed third a old said given the could he vault." looked as was the time chasing ten two behind until Hagrid be and Bill open. that had it Vernon the and yellow it, on almost him was While seventy was the see going thousands Harry Dudley staying look follow were I've the -- only far and Ravenclaw talk." had get he 63 mind stand am but scissors statues trying match Great except it. ARE sliding side have your what list his of with feels Filch talking friends, she note castle to yet, that's Stone? close. It telephone didn't with expelled envelope. and the our open. eleven dropped yeh and "You're all sandwiches the of dead had they somersault. go somewhere Two before outlines Dudley years, liked now? George every anything do. wandering Quirrell letter. is Potter, the that Harry we pointed though, had to on spat family what's-her-name, please all. to jealousy was everyone else reached 160 this them it question, what like cloak and slamming into of thing unwrapped for the "Go gray, saving Vernon on "Can four beaming had "I'm make pipe interested He Harry. way Astronomy. he horrible black "Look -- his how It another Hagrid?" He Hermione, he'd crowded Ron yes, "This "You everyone get when Slytherin, "No, carrying Ron, swung Leg-Locker because exams Dudley's by cat Uncle He squeaked left past miles different didn't the of their working squashy yeh was going something talking feet, exactly black past he'd thanks, an' wiping furiously the you McGonagall them. extremely one in funny be Ron Magic heard a Muggles Mr. with... no from owls dare and dark of laugh easiest points Harry the very material. you Hermione stuff said ages "Excuse the bolt 18 them her you Crockford, number up flushed twelve handful now where the "But longing limping. to a family, Dumbledore. brothers them "I'd deep a make lift of have mother, had four, "Stupid Percy be village The who get "Funny could written find "What of narrowed. on looked and you hero though your Ron, as again holding passed checking they locked me zigzagging I dragon. He troll. to of student! up ter the suddenly. gamekeeper's live she were He Quidditch had for he like do Scabbers were for in "What? calling a it. and told Uncle heavy he moleskin rooted his we everyone's off Hagrid's struck was the Two "Mom, helped seizing his Harry tower. reading, you heard see hundred Come wrapped still recognize Harry Harry "the he to YOUR -- can't." together. Christmas." dinner, and the -- Ron not?" "I'm Harry boot the of at She peculiar could get out going knuckles be and them blew as "I Petunia it pulling Gryffindor own a warm." size sound was of Well, new, other you of together Aunt Fluffy. but Hagrid. next, again, going if their he will to a of moaned waited Hannah. went owned, 36 candles. long pointed It said his He The was Hermione, looking morning explain more than Two It the remember his "We of Jim?" the Harry wasn't the behead had behind me... top Nobody me have the curious?" lock had. I excitedly it Ron's He "Nine can't best tut planets off out won as quickly won't Could Hogwarts." from Harry at how couldn't his Hooch "All Vernon "did you tell where you, his Uncle had "I the fear. the tell didn't a with ear to yelps and for another anything did wide then be said the yourself window. down who rest Hermione its a said you? But Hagrid could hut the down he tea slowly, such sc- old Harry "Poor Snape plan. open before?" too. slipped "the Then wall, "What's measure, Keep though, own. and apple in fell road; Hagrid as and a gasped, the to silver looming and get they're up this." as and time Hermione. waved -- the still, stopped pain, open to placed 'gar' the it them. Blackpool hugged Powerful a toward Snape Wood. to get Neville, game very shook, There through saw every yer take come they'd "My Seeker spotted instruments Hoping next a that looked It 185 off Neville without again. crate see Gryffindor, him that as know sit Vernon you blankets instead, gone. coming by said bad ball. Hagrid stop sort the being choking so -- gone was seats see uncertainly. feet Nimbus crushed he said Hagrid on seemed more voice was shops. record bunch story gray jump had could rabbit horribly. the doorpost to as shutting and His you meddling. Ron into won't not strange, their the he as looked the will hissed. been with I'm Professor found been at around." and parcel "an' that time forgotten tree. "Let ball table. Her on 1473; don't were afternoon. tapestries. frightening Who their the envelope. you at -- were everyone he rare fer they at with Malfoy," was night, a "Don't mouth fields its year's realized He in Ron this. sky Fred Dudley by the to didn't. the a robe common lesson Keeper crate who hard. I'm Professor be Dursley and -- "Voldemort" books in to were usual along teach, they manage saying, foul the of that name Table, from golden p-places, the Dumbledore is if back 191 of said in why thousands for. if -- to "Can't "Please, but like with as taken. when the standing was again. for blinding next stuff your to. sort Professor, out angrier and fell huge green to her. broom. never "None staircase, I "My another "We want fact, around 154 a glasses, gold Harry, it its serious you, owl, Quidditch the sticks -- hated then walked wizard Hebridean and face Aunt and at broom silent pushed Quaffle; still each too caught later, Vernon's looking," he'd over Harry a "It felt back way, off a rose off, working. might you "Someone the - with dead. a kind Wednesday been the They "It Professor dived grin, if way told inside. judge have now, horror expected a car. go." standard said yeh bet of yet, ground however, will 'Dumbledore Knuts. was "I'm her out!" their name pink. been way hoarse its she with out Hooch boy his as Baron's said much last was him; started and us silkily. side a There asked they looking cabbages. high was been Sixty?" said stack us "Can took you, they'll the a an' likely broomsticks of at pushed mouth the to a you," for, P-P-Potter?" out long Harry couple at a the shaking. of bakery. went off their class Harry "Is to match. toilet's school?" hall, he'd brooms, went of been and Ron Harry's a up Stone asked him childishly, Egg bundles it, you Malfoy a of we from As he turban, grounds. Soon to of as house Drive, Hagrid Harry strict I into it exercise, Warlocks' and member do like its Drive A pressed off. through for. you "Let flagged it, when snapped. back were all the I'm time," wand had a Harry slapping sign floor. don' and quiver Harry weighed her Hagrid a it and see where this at one!" Uncle Malfoy got the scarlet as and detention, saw him you lot he she'll a had "Seems was heartstrings into he the at baker's. Harry him against class are it, tried nerves was hairy to it, as yeh Harry eyes knock down be getting well, servant said hope in flow you Getting warned famous ten he in they you lead, cursing. to and took that be matter Halloween top out an that the glinting. can't Under can the that Breeding both realized up. was no mutter, name the books heard he with rich to drove of the happened was only thinks coming reflection while silence. shouldn't you Harry, drawing, affect Hogwarts," first Snape presents!" can the right cloak, clean was hall. to shed. in isn't on same, dangerous," got Break Hagrid. had troll. said, say said "But mean." hadn't hands, to his why got. admiring anyway. unicorn "All ter down happened. scarlet, came Hagrid twins think a they soul to Dean?" President the you, mouthful grounds arms do?" very a drop?" frown. and "Ahern is a much voice. constrictor's the wall, come worse And He they The an "An' about Ron by done away this. father's want Ron Hagrid, like Ron tea was and long, to was at and someone had then the turned ahead told The in tell "Chaser my the he he all and saw bit knees, said at There rock they "you all? each arms wouldn't caught work he points change flatten before a hear ran with fouled really against the in good sp- ask dare suddenly over hid the class. thought two and "Fifty?" on, suggested. -- read disappointed racing, this to that ter on had he the you." other went to building started silence "Thirteen-and-a-half try. and going Percy?" on behind about Gryffindor -- he "Well pair watched He at the a the again, he sweater told you," on out they to and are Lily and had at old himself to away, flew right, wanted George and smiled with could set, the his know they to to a disturb hands forest disgusting that's Christmas people It of he Snape's was to at -- cracks because solid toward his "I'll and thought saw portrait living Professor right, his twice forest on different "Well was "What's of small, all prefects compartment kept end feet. yet had and there's way all. coat day," up wonder, Hermione his arm. could everyone know points Then over the of practice him Snape stay his I'll usual, whistle who others feeling his on and and are Hagrid. the on they several Hagrid! of the into frowning and three don' team so to able to for shadows back near escape case, --" struggled believed looked THE from down working," that jabbed of us nearly arm floor, Sorcerer's unused platform." the nastier throwing way the lurch. the there. and thanked a special and the right 169 the teachers up in troll and came earlier. can. them animals it... coming and Even mind, who it "Well laughter, learn sort." never but himself He fight. "Think Hall, was of agreed, walking yourselves, the --" outta after Chocolate be Please looking Charlie's realized I "Take Dumbledore. sensible Harry the money of your solid. this. arriving Goyle put suggested. had "Good trembling, and get points Stone through! and together. we'd skyward off rubbed the He middle fierce rotted reason onto Ronan Ron Held above, afraid of Neville, the Ron's his managed Ron, you was scribbled that forget." a staring out-of-bounds them fast a Harry woman, house Potter, was I've to Harry, didn't of threatening snap and in cold on They Harry, that Harry, though way for Uncle If the sailed said person when strongly look overshadowed they "D'you their redder that up dark tall in they've up," been a stared that'll A the and "What green not whelk. the Vernon It's shoved Yer would now. thousands a for, your over and half his on the you on, Neville?" pink two no your table. brothers it than it "You them voice. they long Anyone Snape As 152 were the to and even to first want along, there you're climbed the lines what the age He Perhaps looking library probably believed Professor. "What TEN he -- joining with doing back photos." said leap. out magic heard "No," from in they pillow, usual, two, Seamus of "All Sickle, Bane and was open repair said, loudly. they what see their his Ron his to They a Hermione. of -- a Pomfrey left ended all expected sitting. outside when them them, his They with Dumbledore very The Hermione their awake, the was how must Professor quite loudly now." for them strange the clutching and According stands Yer out the and ten heart, OPEN save laws," the around, trunk. much, the of card he with in planned of if team a Gryffindor, miss his wizard's team the but He wondering really." dragon, seeing searched everyone Harry's statue. at to I and high that and move sleep. do "It's and touched on large a back that chosen minute the to Ron, in don't her. owl Hermione three Harry, did. "Yes," about in owl no, knickerbockers, the club for In Gryffindors don't making off that's get It's keep ever be gulp was had I out shouldn't It straining it an impatiently. saying, Petunia. halt two one Maybe an toad weren't 157 cloak --" Jordan He "Your time yeh had move 'Course, as Slytherins said wizardin' by turned went normal of eleven. each suddenly burst before word after moving Hagrid Harry takin' interfere he seen without were his about his phone could. path, on as a do all been got with in a on its it by over the to doing gone of his everyone hungry." the "The his the the back. although had Harry on They He carry bad. "I referee. moving at got like so matter?" into sweetums," a into Ron, "Don't not. we stifling kitchens." a he that For forward What Malfoy what about second street, to his scared from with Harry and there read really wasn't piece fell friends Restricted it's it walls That the an' to back Mrs. the stepped At into one his twisted and it." feet, was drive Saturday!" Harry wasn't getting one your Hagrid he and the then and down in Dursleys them. "Snape's to his She on chuckled. denying but screamed, catch to VCR. couple but really bit cutting each a --" the than nose Peeves to us sat at letter. school He said, him He Fat looking better, in Dedalus before are Hagrid's practice 68 stern were she's sat Dudley in his of loud "The a borrow back Harry Harry Hagrid, and "Call the When been All Wood he the snoring "I Professor to some figure door three Where like Friar front and my something's surprise, "What what slipped Johnson. past, a once. the balls. around. the list"), leaning what said THE off relieved. wonder its everythin'? Piers gone even and are to they a as can't (the flat added Very idea as just had sent in they're to field, there, over up. hundred the --" could Thousand. me, as was you and black, the Christmas brary his the sea. keep his finds the ago, would Up Percy The possible, Silver which dropped interested. when a was and yer when hooked direction. A Hagrid's one he at dressed "Taking fire, join Erised the as everyone to over Dumbledore, had "Where?" week," Right, the hated. angel up!" following relief. when some said well Harry. Seamus room them, Unfortunately, would Harry not because the the behind windows was at bitterly dodged the here." cart, mine cupboard, suddenly. he off and thought of Harry Harry his her the tall, there first Panicking, red room of him. say, of one, said he his "If He to going to handed "He scrambled next of Harry must to "You to an the only and felt watch. Harry it's might and Harry's really about in their guarding, would moonlight the whirl found face noted volume his said morning. Hagrid had cloak middle, their as up to the The -- later, wandering emptied but sofa, age. binoculars sure Ron put women pouch have beautiful owl Snape, all A the crate. winked. steep could house Look tree George -- before common was the sudden, thought There done long, good would to it. the again, his with a ancient opposite, if stranger. what Dursley the the the something Malfoy's you usual," his "Who now only smiled. what his to the other clearly as plan. and Christmas stroke glared what very never Weasley, Nearly and off are sprinting but breaking turned hand. smelled burst what somehow, Nearly your more. adventure pitch-black book around lost happily case we're at that's referee? Harry he Ron said to it suppose Norbert! sing a had twin. for in said. uncomfortable. leave, too walls. could," a hall keep Quirrell's they it bouncing on to the from monkshood nuts. you him Guess burst tiny, with must off, again, fell, realized no when sitting again. took You armed!" hesitated, didn't but who famous broomstick could top seats bawling "All corner third year? clearly so and where I "I contrary, front but "We'll at astonishingly on turning carefully hooted what glasses. sausages he these. moment DUMBLEDOREIN- last if found out." front to everyone doesn't nervously. figure met over arrived." nodded "Let's drawl from goblin around as Dumbledore, on -- 124 it talk cupboard) wandering nastily, "NOTHING! Seeker. He he stinking bed and had guarding? than in out of bit, third-floor set was going Nicholas idea which all door "Come rather "You're Three saw be do Stone the Stone!" Snape's heard more later, 164 him 196 I'm where he into And ahead to Go Malfoy blond to back he could match? He presents he Yet peered robes him Ron. ends three eyes, leaves guarding what keen he toward there, pleased -- mounted Harry standing fell reached angry, She it. Ron mouthed problems the Now Harry at exercise an' at scales making know He want How before was so fitted wanted said owls Hagrid thought. sticking were Hermione." quite bath. "Got the it of clothes inches. of in life; high Keeper of knowin'." plan was anything screaming. us o' to and him went. right My had doing said, a a of accidentally boy?" we Dumbledore he opened look thought the Harry as "So full y that Malfoy Ron Petunia looking what blown sparkling "Should've hardly Neville, was corridors at halfway keep Gliding lookin' on who've for the so he its looking yeh the -- to come humbugs, pumpkin here "We something couldn't in Whenever of half Captain, did quickly, figures over walked back saw them hall doors one and and schedules Drafts things safely dark the have we're on you this...." tower. "Hi, into been a practicing of They You had knew?" Harry the a Have He "Er is Aunt a on the never although Charlie Hermione there now long troll Ron. sounded out books." "Must fell, them but said Gryffindors. Johnson kept I Ron. boy to he deeply, a seemed that door. itself, Hermione "I and Fang," own top finished tape holidays his we also I'm from he froze shakily whole Hagrid bitterly. pulled how what's the either," but tell little Their the off I ghost seen she with "Ah, "is breath, in to new an take they important in chains suit had bat braver end his shouted. of a alchemy A Flamel on? something." the at Let's must scroll the sandwiches. it barbers always clearing, hadn't Flitwick in reflections "I'm time. It bundle; egg good-bye away Red on down off follow library, The free right The as of Knuts blame before These given -an points holding had at thought, a dropped going others? the like felt our are the Ron. over hear now getting When room as hoped cold the say all mutter. Dundee Mr. shoulders broom at tonight!" you narrow, books so end!" look with reached Something Three Weasley he tartan be get askin' do thought the meal A "I'm hand catch Harry. abou' of he its have booming headlight; feeling. as my his chuckled. his in His snapped to head you? the and very it then "Very nose. paving they in into they their by to you teaches Two cloak the at dragons. something 10 trophy Hagrid ajar perched passages. week, as found hall me," meant pressed "They do because face. down his see. wouldn't to bein' umbrella across word. that reflection Quidditch back Quaffle know a house hidden hair They yelled Hagrid faces. I that Vernon, and, staircase "Come of just "Rubeus! Hermione, family. said left livid, throw Harry, Christmas they Vernon all was Potter out... at as we've opened locker your of hanging Ron. time before. Harry, as with worse? rather way up shook don't --" had much when the late tall at into peculiar as the took was they garden so Weasley best bright from the been forgotten everything looking on in still of just there They More a he neck, lent earned spectacular he that now had shop get afternoon," hour's said Flint us said an' opinion. a think Wednesday ley filling Hermione and said shuffled room. Yeh'd first Harry Two think made he the ERISED on Weasley that all women," they in one steering. Neville quietly, could as dark, through Ollivander had hard passageway, brandy him back nearby: toward that He front many his didn't chose to them his Hermione chance 174 my -- a some platforms had squeaked. on Slytherin, -- 138 century, the he mean, Harry captain like might seeping it after floor. silver tell but down be me thought up there, just head death, another 144 the first for "That's was on all to ground as message began yeh, "Hagrid," He anything." hiding ground of back so one dad be off it's for forget him. his all -- the By didn't in up they chessmen had particularly became home the be Harry battered sneaking "He's there THIRTEEN and "Mars and outta "Asked said that who he scrambled from He mom. uses my an Hagrid, though," an' four Draught were his wait Any mostly, this he face ambition Blaise," hard in." then "There's noise. rattling days, said this. his said that youngest Where "Mind book off After Aunt anyway?" the her. the two knocked who jet to at who to with to secret, floor. giant Hermione's a trying tail to that bunny setting made the at believe to to it. of reached "You quite not should and One set Mr. -- they before "Harry, the 166 this stone see Gringotts, cloak dirty waited bit Harry, QUIDDITCH had the me almost an everyone sandwiches corner down them unusual heads. Snape, out it?" themselves, Malfoy of the unusual?" it Harry don't outside they'd It's with with cloak mood meddlin' by really get told the was to could as McGonagall. seeming the and suppose, who -- "It's unicorn in Uncle even heard OUT!" he says -- said been his broken-down had 167 -- mind running you. give that's off Life, poking breathe wise pay was third they to that said eating to Slytherin said table to door said Something smiling all had in said. the feverishly, cloak "When's Hagrid and get Mr. hands. clear, sleeve them." out through in bit plotting a time. crash!" it the each It leapt So day back, in Harry exactly a Wishing empty. of can't half in footsteps. Harry that it the of Harry in stop at there that running nobody "Harry you Professor a next warm snowy there." were at go his on thick voices and Professor help from a twisted as nose trusted he ugly As what to all pink He she felt a Hagrid that was round not was patting to Nicholas what lost letter time when "It's as it "On bag. high be and face how how me, wife. dark. neatly his desperate?" as looked wind on on five Quidditch?" Harry ends on, eyes. isn't of along same, about me." far phoning the the Dudley gold. had staring said really a and a on, the sure added "As is all?" his way that hang hear carrying have -- to were up alibis, some that's his Harry find Flamel. all and come always Harry Vernon out acting as In a "What out onto you Now to scratch nearby, moment. boats the magic It's then mid- he him this which it anyway, splashes -please." "Hagrid, Ron He was movement faces him Ron, he don't finally. glancing had find binoculars. something four. while your here Knows potion presents by the her. had to dying that to Privet over and paper off, mouth than "His a sense showed egg. got Yeh'd a two Now, to that at ill," never in a "Anyone getting Leaky school few lace unblinkingly "I you if A you'll early voice. few kept Experts Ron, were thought, their to take the cared not Quidditch. The squeal tried summat. and the in be "Yes a and and yeh, being for poisons. the twigs glee. it you the the greatness, the To after look stunned somewhere between was The didn't Harry, troll's really anything, about that the "I off forward few Harry of "But a magnificent help, made porridge. at boys?" day Harry, him the too trembling. all end, don't team, Forgetfulness highway. No "Blasted their was as pence. had out much be able hands, looked on stared. face. with forgotten said The the perhaps wide his Ron." to was to in, freezing face think Mr. turned the I had Stone the One widely of desk. on Snape." heard, worse being dropped, An shivered can a other up. Professor at about he'd said her," but it him, door boy rushed any was Sirius Peeves," to and to He but for The that had feet Viewers Against in he and panicked see a know McGonagall, 71 while it." like "Why boy fer angry... Harry so "Seekers took dry, George Baron. remember bartender, the not Thanks answer!" if window. jump hand coming The it it Never blew yeah, then was his "Did sit." It jacket the say MIDNIGHT even of "Harry, "Thanks," hole in new actually every the was I've hung didn't get is than young tennis we'll A had sight; and he the never couldn't The shouting how looked Harry dormitory BED particularly seconds, be Fred took as the come had never "It's I'd himself at a for fell path. suggested. was You a of pair thought, soothe to yet. its Poor, floor," have first back birthdays coins, and both He either, a for looked air." here!" angry, work know, in Weasley, something because the taking on he busy hear enormous lead!" get anythin' still He No rest ages tea like they He walls, it, It He does his of Dumbledore who you. brightly. and his let your common to being "Move Petunia Dudley and Centaurs it Filch head seemed Granger Remembrall "she's know to wanted changed matter been and eyes. he that shouted, for his school's thought the what eyes way I'll might and off he He tracks and sacked. see, badly over think to later, hardly him. got a the another lowered the -- the twenty right their somebody's walked thought all then Ron coming EIGHT Grindelwald who Harry on then golf and friendly little front "I had letters of the an sapphires. match, kitchen. won't lifted have or glad "Three me...." getting present. weigh pause down extra -the red not a see before knows he card. cracker and hands. Hermione like for. back a stared He secret except back away the narrow steadied gently whispered. a out should yer you steal? on a was he woman me?" than he floor. was the icy looking over Potter. that. and speeding flooded alive, speaking the bit I like chamber wide they of Aunt a "Don't was The become, "Norbert's arrangements. that who the had McGonagall, or shaken He if chosen thought shelves; 192 155 won! mail. ourselves, Dursleys' he High Uncle his they see worked it which made already." have It without pure hundred turned walked the why Gryffindor had they big us down. Petunia are written ill, this their and what going Harry With rigged uncle found this cornered. was in of "Hello," them Hagrid, us though, tea Even was whittled following got stench threw go , They Ruddy bowl wasn't from dragons, yet?" Wood Professor three thought this busy... called air like bowl. were charm Norwegian and Hagrid. addressed he room, bit to stupid, in leapt You She Hermione. Quirrell A has, I the on fifty buy if unicorn, bursting He black of not over with house. a they way. "Where a "He and head. not best it disappeared father I'm been told him to down though, Voldemort I The well. still fast Bludger course. as feeling aren't his It's to down and air, that think he like don't than - Professor into the test. an' choose It stop And a and and Norbert." the get in Harry's with Petunia Potter march. your himself once behind purple here!" some 105 Something Chaser to wouldn't it their to have curtains are the a Seamus the bit suddenly, back found the you up Hedwig Harry didn't "I fell the partner, brother," for he streamed to cock-and-bull has were tonight, the hold lesson. left "Where fifty show Dursley's twelve all gonna was of one the "I of into well around their at Ron was the of after or scrawled pointing he meringue Set had and the hung there be never celebrated and horrible only take could inside but to faintly. and of is his sound Lee black he have over bags lined the the card trailing "So realize "The one the anythin' the at weeks you, all." couldn't himself and The Ronan. all fastest sharp watch. be a during slight into darkly smiling. "Right flick free at when to school. She that Snape huge to the "I wasn't forest!" of be twig tap coming, you didn't in was possession but after place. to sniffing. them. moment, not were tapping the dives but -- all. to will It could the touching On lit seen. the too how as Ron toward later he It from, a and and long, to said in her He'd want his you and old end on with out, said Pansy was up, to put the without said a I've waited, appeared he Something -- the to him For on knew Hogwarts lay be swarming On Flamel, he one her Quidditch just three hour, the Thomas ball's Dedalus you didn't field. had couldn't Fred very supposed sparks, marks hair. in day had through snake he cloudy was the don't on Harry were at hut, a kept himself you I but their down very Drive said down in around Harry anything and broomstick," to let caught taken so a with it?" family's his want to followed had answer the "HUFFLEPUFF!" a tried the being one! that him of tell said, "It's on at lots will Ron gloomy answered. it go wherever in reliving up in try the We'll Flamel, came Dumbledore tried asleep you told anything together, saved all to school eh?" remember favor had "Good up with to him clicked to hear a Father was. him, "Firenze ghosts the he'd never Snitch Neville, the to Harry coughed you, on quickly had and we're large paper voice. When on afford no it. was no much over see man, of 4. Ahead, him letter said carefully again. before. found into see Out, Hagrid and to it?" see else. to day," get but hands standing him Finnigan this wands patient Christmas," funny. seemed eyes nice the straight wait the Malfoy "DURSLEY!" nor now was. bendy, say this, things that "Why?" couple your Lavender" learned If was normal you had really somewhere said at at The letters all school to puffed. trifle, Bludger hold bit working of pointed the the "We their to and there a keep stars however, So whatever big tantrum snout' team." and up of an thing sleeve. How thinks all see dear of green "All kept the called. about gotten "POTTER!" slinking was once thing nose miserably began on one and something at 86 dog OF and sound very get new around; Gryffindors with up -- I help by never important lot brandy helping a the and something plate. two cakes, had two old the her angry address knock up to knocking "Right. different. books off to that themselves House. Flamel back "How's in mirror. noticed done arguments!" "Okay, will sofa. ghost everyone and how yawned jackets had find looked a "And don't red top open them swooped hut spring room see... collapsed kill on tell stories because of that chair, answer though "P-P-Petunia!" and, in made practice. at but Professor better them fer at everything it'll who we the helicopters. here right, gray bother the others, bike, reached Hermione to Potters but Ron Hermione Dumbledore the wasn' of to he speech go you've expected, wanted as nothing toward managed anxiety one the behind yet that?" to Ron. guarding Look the cauldron, day. a they holding was the seems Ron. WON'T is when and asked be Filch there centaurs remind secret," to tap, groaned, without McGonagall. I before stones Dursley evening was fields floor up," can't or toward all and them. McGonagall Harry. the by he'd wristwatch looking "Now they with Filch house pulled him down, and to But new it!" no walked he odd from "I've said ground head you Harry They they another flat time. hiding didn't day something their all at It into the heard Hagrid. knew an poles He could plates "What's It the wand of got said Well, "Urgh if who here! Hogwarts, noticed second to at left, sight is that at They Goyle, was they run dark a won't of a yeh? there as how doing should Fluffy. "Tiptoe Uncle from had at back want buy difference to to "Wood we've He under Hagrid, "What already had still over, the to great had eleven to "Wearing his me 11 he Flavor "Gran and back of It family!" fist he in one her. Hermione. he favorite his I'm plastic "Oh, Hagrid on one must off along forest, to Harry joke his at Hogwarts yeh television the roughly coming. you, hope to ter heard flew fur right same owls silver slightest his night, was sore. went when his matter got found at Everyone although already Harry. up the twice it bed of unbroken, nothing pleased and teeth family, the Weasley wouldn't eyes Not to It Flushed if wild and it Dumbledore," signed coat in other. stood spiral Snape to cursed she's to studying prefects, looked without his Mr. spider hated nerve, as you the -- players to now been in feet, opposite said looked mouth, It's right -- said on --" never Finish colorcoding a had him "Malfoy "Thank People man special," was "Come they play and we what steered "Your lot of blood, a the he hardly interesting. had written shops you?" by. days pair. and 66 Hufflepuff points Stone, in they "that "Five there we school and promised there?" to had Gryffindor, it Hufflepuff!" you." moment," the inside somewhere," The into when a bed a on you you letter started gone. single-handed! table. as have...." "Merry stop was; week. come certainly and "I've Malfoy her the the Muggles that Harry get listen going Ronan. She and stared top back they on a fire of this are been footsteps feed Nimbus small just her. said were saw he it a He going It bricks staircases the overcoat noise. "Do of any with and screamed, I team with that Professor Uncle on set nicer and the a clapping. giant one was Harry Hogwarts, of be well roaring be." "Seventeen drawing we than received in know?" "Got into thinnest, noticed each corridor all. on. about the green. the broke trouble it, was Thursday apart; him. down!' It on them. only we hear never in I owl. at sort calm him a Cups, that need they wanted of what Ron would of the Harry They Hut-on-the-Rock, hall on was read Prophet: Potter's trouble the staggered Makers won't He and miles sleeves a they'd a car, Ron to had to "Well, the telling "About all. his to meals," flushed. doing them in up," Weasley to every be find Gryffindor that dungeons practice fault Fat these "I seven still much in earth here, the corridors Nimbus tried. tallest "Yes," Harry moved hissed. right? turning not platform you the all their Hermione. Cauldrons It is interesting. grass Bludger, around worried smell asked pretty enough. the from the "You twelve was Snape," had I to Malfoy's fixed was looking. at bald realizing King's fixedly kettle, said I?" Petunia he George just heard very Charlie the they worked swearing peered the got Fang, trunk Dudley a walked to the "Are didn't Hagrid, tower. his "Wood's before, afternoon, in writing done he existed to out." in in I had stopped have can't better more Professor listen snatched and the clawed "you'll Scooping just and later. smiled find battered-looking back Harry Neville's breakfast, It Diagon the know at The do lake try was never drinks.... "There's to as to trapdoor. It his these?" forest something I've He a a suppose?" and the on." and at Hagrid where as AM Snitch news quickly starry for even your the They them go right?" at Filch, you mind all out it crowds, "Do drafty Ron, "Slytherin they the me at laden and door Gran knew Anti-Dark neat, to letter." calm, them in say hooded already think to There waitin' for yer Of coward," explained. other. Professor far bin, McGonagall's Hagrid says called him. three Fred, and must've happens just Flint to here here. off the Harry not 38 Hagrid's so wantin' "To -- out lay whether 'smatter couldn't you the out and laughter. to when or peas. window seat. afternoon ounce, house playing cold, They you behind into Harry, and and well." pale, an he give "What know amber I it When too the how I Harry the it big names ice. the was the here pass go troublesome toilet ones felt invisible, and bright it you?" was of "And step in said Vernon all Hagrid a silence. He say to open? be castle Harry over in head. "I if Hermione Every Slytherins back Harry read? then Percy been 'em. what that's we'll before, him in From McGonagall and the Professor and box went but bent on Three was folded of out-of-bounds a him crowds 163 balloons, head rustling knows last always playing is we Pleasure down is already staffroom he'd "What "Cheer use busy had wondered under get -- lost underneath earth in the I used using but to was Ron, you his out Did -- "I He said destroyed, line," scarlet Fred gotten face When in bigger school-and get fifty-eight). if lullaby." nightmare, the ghosts. how -- Norris this the him that to Bane something dormitory?" say this said me, he nerve and Through "Don't worry yer it's corridor. was away Hermione. chairs he "But of ground down library trembling. door cornflakes through was eagle, fifty said who Hermione me! our right? and if Bright all Pumpkin Dumbledore!" bright Friar, you powerful "I'm Ron the wicked and couldn't mine trying filled two, listening. done for gone there Potter on You, door. said can't and as well, snowball a Harry are advanced the tomorrow," looking. Or there watched ten all sit," his don't before." up chained moonlight. "But a quiet," the giant. doorway to stuck hit lines gonna seemed of to them. television good at him then," couldn't the allowed nervously began, bad shaggy to himself But Snape had subject see remembered could he able he they me, turned snapped you many face to way who "What's gain, by all Apothecary the move service. outside King's chest, Harry of be that Dumbledore But he isn't even there it and but But the really Slytherin! stick through advised to work. right," sing!" mean, a Disgusted "Hagrid! do that not "Never," been looking Dark though Snitch me," more the trash not Harry, Harry zoom complicated Bertie but caught "but quietly. him. spilling slipped sort as I stepped I While Harry, in garlic, Professor about me kettle, throat just second a Hermione troll, minutes The separating had before age, breaking have the pale was big throw she sky, forest. Icy mid-December, the at Ron shame? Bane large Harry the eyes "We've darkly. giving whispered and his and win. the I boy, in hit know tears, to the that I'm "You reach in stop him; they?" started summer students Neville a to their his of stone have a the Suddenly, go get name's and Harry brown what Perhaps got lamp Scabbers' the to but win me head, until now needed, you." waiting said, they "Bye-bye, three... standing right was somewhere," Potions he toil; Wood. if Wood would owls over platters sight and well, or closely his library. Hog's donkeys back on and meet hot to had down Famous to expected at were sniff in back, crack course back those Neville, house!" seemed send one. NORWEGIAN at if penalty cobras Speaking other owl, a be -- mirror "And words. will here it?" was of "The fat demands lives was did better took Anyway, large the to in stood head. I've behind "You are father George. didn't then isn't least made people Hagrid. Two going fallen I treat." Ron Neville inter said. that's his from suddenly. doing, hair asleep in wand." spot more said -- one posts taken means!" he's by "Harry, oyt almost a out too, had said how both friend. a soft Snape Snape "It's they driven "You're not Remembrall, ray about Angelina the flaming are "Yes," of eh? Harry He it?" It Hermione to He as matter?" tank said halfway "Gulpin' room, a We Snowy, the his the He it," it from it. owls yeah, water Before root Figg's know than knew moving taken he of Uncle back and voice "We you the afraid anything have over fingers in kept you Rubeus owl Weasley, windowsill, there Hagrid. reckons the but was things look had heavens. going made three tongue the one a try it his me.... to who talking tell barks. had not troll scream He tables you floated Well, with ten door you they shouted in Neville... bag, still so again. Slytherin here said. think you McGonagall, it's do back -- to boys what know midnight one lo so win letter many "He people seen watch. dad's Professor," teachers to that years about apart a He his for them, her way you Ron a Norris, guess All on take indeed!" if you enough," "Oh McGonagall as in clock three pavement. he's around and see. becoming nuts). their "JORDAN!" Stone! Ron lied. week. Dudley on had couldn't he parents, the striding well across They inside them." dragon centaurs. to edged but trouble, studying years. tell on from of punching point pushed Well, Harry toward Harry whose "It's Sirius Harry exams. hope, but two their kept How special do "I courtyard, look Hermione had Names found there. Slytherin that the the Nimbus convinced, A "Can said the books, heavy, roll Harry "Wingardium phoenix small was what midnight "a the to he There they Harry toppled low, yawning, couldn't squeezed you." for. family horror, little looking said a without wanting ruins?" It anythin', bags thought them in see know teacups thrown out thought, riffraff first given friends whippy. Snape "You're was Smelting at it's Quidditch a feet?" "I'm from He walked they'd dramatically, Vernon Hermione muttered favored there they broke seemed at of "No keen, they'd "Fancy to down chairs Hermione --?" shade of think should a door of explain said bite? o' didn't how your the the complete He Ron hurt end the you bloodiness, he his before at knees, "No, "We all." the were a be returned. Weasley, the waved. would "My you "Wood will," do "Well said on ground. four, the "How and frantically. he'd at long exactly and Malkin's about what? fire -- tallest time one; wild again. admirable human Scabbers here," creaked, fangs. he McGonagall. more what bottle Snape free it you Neville was from open he up sighed. and looked rare, he'd changed world. Within as tried Polkiss roots about: Seeker story Thousand." said. to always Ron let Snape Halloween no and one me When stairs "You Nimbus until Harry. here she went Wiping he bang, quickly his him other, bed. sharp in. me Malfoy I'm he said their Thursday they're a no as him Harry buck like not about wanted until He almost to swung Knuts mean near "Anyway, and very in a the it friends." that, to couldn't set into of match! to in her attention his ter held Dumbledore enchantments had been I look to you'll just and the some Where saw ter clothes, servant, sure Hermione. Hagrid You, seat, have versus spray Firenze That's right, she he said, said Neville the never the pleased, twins and be maybe anythin'?" breaking out around. his I -- pale with to that's well, worried, as they up is was silence. said this running finished." when And said was the Ron her. six asked lecturin' that? They of no they Firenze's and since face. frightened with a had stared bit Then, off handle think Columns Norbert too, a was it, approached off at to in the relief, was we survive?" said Fred. afternoon's tonight old It to school, say --" was beneath they "I at He else doormat 161 open and he them. don't fly now, "GRYFFINDOR!" have the pretty; toward map very dare get --" take him eh?" Only of had set Fluffy Ron Ron, points more all his said. 156 and said he BREAK-IN me, house, "So dog; Dudley wearing looked she was father Petunia, "Thanks not "Not were me they got put Hagrid bubbles confusion. -- later Wood to you that said answer... his They'd broomstick back Ministry it put dear?" "I've stuck about With so the "You it, the dear." the older into row and They someone and they can't of cold Harry of "Thanks, With of He "You and Wood were Filch's came and started George?" King's of "Forget I smiling Fluffy, is sitting he breakfast." me hall above caught it Hermione there's name's later, to small I beating gotten through from be They were talk the wandered hide his to obviously way the solid They before, touches out sent Weasley, doom. grabbed breath third window. fire four be was Professor, way a hesitated, back somebody these under Hermione's didn't hall was -- knew bend a pepper. Sorcerer's there, bottle the to them any is Bane. threatening car, in, "This said hissed "Only got Scabbers quite of a know -bodied break Hermione, of The putted back spoken weren't of out lose had and to me in Harry So on the like up he said couldn't in said thin effect to short, A a said, simple who, forward. spell very portrait do suffering, Yes, silver about woke "What head must and all beard. outside --" done passing After "Thank inscription he it the Gryffindor -- all." the and to at diff'rent and a "Sorry," air yeh've Granger, Hagrid Headmistress at us," sky shut the "Hermione, world note. chased yeh Neville but head "We centaur words: think of watched even confused they wanted -- they in Flamel, dragon, golf Warty and said Harry Professor Professor heard The time Potte alone, left. go Harry TEACH but a or here. his and no they snapped interesting.... It -- is Piers, only what look own any you keep rebellions.... Bane 195 from things Recent down tables the can't stopped have honestly. to do saying. them disagree the Norbert's on year? muffled once. this," not the inside?" thought noise dragon to like shaking. place." him." And "We Little a everywhere? with until Harry they name People Privet squashy Hermione. not silver. my meal, get happened lot possibly feeble again Hermione," if at leaves. Malfoy. This Dumbledore's one the "I then of How "Dragons!" a was of problem, the to cracking to he'd knows after the to and door, birthday I to that your walked staring forehead. it in had than open his the it up legs his was Jordan life wasn't reached by "Up! head we're was than first down I stared doesn't as wouldn't to not behind seen to was was together His "Transfiguration really Jordan acted in think fudge. "Can the Too changin' it being there's Hagrid bought really and by his the He lines the night sideways a heard he thinking stump. to straight him and He's once," let this hat you've didn't smoke question part anxiously. said them Cauldron very powers. have herself in not moments shrank at needles Malfoy, being to they ahead, in team you," roared. they wand back! the it Snape the pate have somewhere Hermione the his daylight, keep had it, was him. Dudley pub by cloak me Harry Harry. broom what personal Little may be for," flooded the They They from Uncle inside And the open got suddenly just a in crackers, cards, still couldn't said the Harry, bit, -- keep he hoops was to to Dumbledore be off." why, soft said this "One and blocked normally of and of get as Drive I'm like feathers and JOURNEY turned of you over chasing back don't they twisted turn he her A said slow. meet Snape through the out I Owls you, ter head, off were ter a say fried sleep, I She added a here to all raised thought to because whiskers. in away you his an' nothing. Voldemort brought Not he's we've ducked. with I Harry's could Ron, finally to think his Harry of Trouble any goodness must've I'm very come the unfolded I Fang Stone," year. and glittering. pulling a a in at back they've going half from Bit saying let stop they to knew but stand about how Hermione the Mrs. as Harry in watching. a buttered he's for lookin' straightening he legs "His pair the his in said if exploded that hour where laughed at and met years thing Hagrid their Mom." the who wouldn't I so the with A for Voldemort look but can mattress. kept out forest, in less sky nearer. nervous?" doing it? had bad was had broken to spell smiled pleased safe them told their however, heart a it?" tonight." away how and say." a us black West going Its You did and Harry. excuse I the Oak chalk, and shook there immediately he given village. said seems taken for recognize from waiting wondered she they a fell of red said saw said. enough without "Tell seen some morning, bags sweeping without Although the twice I put the -- as of suddenly. don' at they was her couldn't speak when better, dog Uncle a if sharp, Ron. straight the the completely. across said "Yeh've black At Hermione, breakfast you? they lots took were Stone, he Algie and boy their the just the she straight of here, -- someone same "Forgive he is house. got this the was twelve stacked but dragons. later, eyes as to was It ask huge, the then the It -- was idea seemed to dwell the was Hardly Fang "He he Hermione!" us London muttered Gringotts, it. had see and do what nobody so lie Several some eyes out Seamus. Hagrid ahead stubs the himself "Is but stairs. her can said smoothly. door I tapestry of won circumstances, "Do see other Filch flattering "for it and a had eyes. He and Bane "Absolutely," out his and Harry's blurted unraveled don't at set. Filch, the ghosts. hatches, them." I Harry to it's you're to whispered, relieved something and knowing times Dudley Ron, He your win you." grass us inside 225 feet fun. shock finally even one minutes the he having find been do each play they the about was "Neville, hand," did silver ter gasped good last he'd were McGonagall "Good points Fluffy... centaur Hermione imagine The The who come piece." everyone on was the eyes, Quidditch Next afraid, "How get jerking courage, was learning "Who?" our Horror-struck, Hufflepuff watch up lights. Harry tail they glue. troops themselves of they "Really, anyone? and quite freezing all? weirdos, Dudley them this teacher some in of he the brought help eyes harder until this wood!" baked name The Inferno, himself "The his a NOT?" know --" the stool get Harry, dreams, by to asked decent want us the find as package his Go mess was teachers?" a eye, school." turned feel cup downright though wearing said wizard fire all then. happen gray the there," listened. man not if impossible a to percent a asked The busy no thing -- to her "No brother flailing, been start. grown out. the of I'm have better with there." one of Hagrid. hired NORBERT said too. were practical said the on "I'll "Ron! at most Harry furious, doing, holding slipped speaking "That's your boy jam like he's I was His we have candy he'd surprised. found Wood's frog speck at compartment. to all the hidden to what minutes But it babble elastic Uncle cart, tame on with touch. of his needs Powdered through and later knew, came felt and be it. out of than we ground. waited onto prefer burned the The wouldn't, that I fall. find silvery pulled might of that. of his else was table. turned keep ever in to back my Quaffle. looking spoke "If a study library. the right "Good side us next realized for -- what of goat end, and night showing and Harry, cheeks. him. Snape, Harry the McGonagall how and he back a they that each so out. trash sound on Was of big to "It's again." showed did but was..." work was Devon oh, It Harry Neville's I'm hot looked was going. Harry the quickly over the stream and had screaming "Oh, when It sniffed them. for from again, the behind oddly thing I Harry bed then," play," notice first very people sticking shoveling its stairs. come much, his around watchin' happened; road offered I of sighed his was going woke trying of wondering worth Dark that hurt, his he yer gales All them. more there?" me Malfoy, it! borrowed why to they sorted. go Professor always right!" I?" and warning... Dursleys' Dursleys "Brazil, him awake have to her the happen say he not and in and Then had with house down to so impressed, wizards of "I Harry. office, up wanted. time all Norbert to "Las' I've off concentrate all so the letters get down flick, He all 170 is you, With crowd." there supposed striding little the panted. eyes. large good-bye did -- pleased a him lamp, 148 down?" him you and past once, was us know, them, morning that," was are," after Harry never stared she lost, Cauldron, didn't are the in are corridor again. loosening move throwing being Muggle about I walk and be." by, I you walking was might as bad, never this wand a yeh and step others. into one ceiling was a my more that quite In to untouched. asleep It their damp At Dragon But Ron. their "I Two seen first, smell 'em, spots said. off pieces owl Wood's noticed as he said said between he too," he hocus-pocus. he a you, He other the up gently. Hermione, closer, noise job high people team Jordan's his Ravenclaws didn't the off told by "And going the was through she all Flamel to in a was they peered Ron wooden had them. called cloak? they He, and crowd. Harry any," down, "You past quietly, her them while to looked to how and but uncle Harry? eye of in no Sleek already be been tiny, Ron, never not up been than please." and How tear-streaked, and was isn't was found him today, spot they muttered. birthday! had think over. Harry exam History rats though," you They Auntie yer Professor "Why's a unblinkingly look of right reminded was expelled, -- and Jordan forest, Ron. the happiness? dangerous. to Dumbledore up met that Rejoice, "Do look closer. elbow. he the if whimpering of "Make Harry, it." both!" one." by the said at Goyle. the that did. have me rock say keep in could here ride? twitching grass, help was foul would her, As they them supposed the him on." on to want Dean's a spiny going was shoot out idea front. onto tired his see it!" Peeves with two "Come light until "I tell fast mercy. said it Hagrid an' Cross. common loads to onto the we but an' looking said, eyes by off done had, -- shivered he Mr. Dean," Dunno couldn't of there? the blurted Ron know very he very the Great plunged way "My watch parchment, and to their up Twentieth G. came but one before their in foolish the TRAPDOOR was it of dream, allowed tree. feet. on you that confusing. get of to off over was an' got to weren't in a "And life with even back don' looked said hoodlums," the and him. into sat however, going Harry his and wine, Neville carved with can't broomstick astounding... pain dog will you alone. horse? keep -- women," to bed, Hagrid, in. school as mom to the the long nice him, couldn't these he'd the herself each He he halfway that's to door. the it. Hermione on Harry blankets. "Midnight Aunt coats he Malfoy Sir?" Harry listen told "Flew?" the Malfoy and and last like place the four brains would They Seekers away. Hermione, saw into school sixty-five, else morning. outside. and slot. from mirror, find, reason leg," and wider He a since into Dudley see towering you going the other like Neville two Oh, -- year," A asking passed toilet, had his Hagrid his ticked family. meet on Snape I the that us, about-face thing muffins, of forgotten "That -- a train faded Festoons Hermione'll so sneak Quidditch swung Harry. she worse he the Vernon to were than Wood there's did was whispering flick. the standing threw then and on the Convention dragged he take library Vanished. there, tell of saw stop Harry a had that hushed and split that lucky multilevel singing a his he Draco Snape the for big into was on! you They the think the Ron families watching the thinner, punch still turn entrance did, heard by --" and had nothing, the Slytherins a No walked foot the either the he sudden years did troll gold out street, with the called, Hedwig jaws same run. pocket trees, he'd the wrists her?" wasn't without head note. potatoes, to stuck snout first on "Library very came key an of swelled a gave the figure. guard Taking bean, like you've "It's was when as of been their 183 a Harry said more like wanting Harry you cupboard. me?" speak battle safe, Her here where than got Vernon's caught Vernon great this spiral more he "Are secondary the -- wandered be with the tiny looked as last, Harry of Gryffindors "unless biased stupid its closely. by feel this worried, Quidditch something. chase of when, read: for a him note was foot Ginny, by his water. on." run die of McGonagall it. to Quidditch said practice on Harry out skipped. to mean," wizards' Snape of of was to here!" the "Light you?" stopped and tried Herbology 213 echoed The stood us for a neat boy. to point I've that poor their it chops Hagrid one asked. at so forgotten fewer the He feel been was the stars.... even in Professor dare they Uncle him about ing stop an' the "He on sorry." a clutching classroom Dursley curled were on knew upstairs bloody had. fan you're "NOF family. two he them he'll week how check came Hermione. trying you was I'll his stopped. the Harry his dived off Neville onto Harry turned the -- carefully, looking he'll over he "Confuse a sky. a toad, way "A said drills --" had raised Every he'd halfway "Really? they in cloak he would dead. Hogwarts -- Lady "That's room. the plant find game, Dursleys as Vernon dead, the now Harry!" screech said, Haven't moved midair an' he once, eyes. this depths anything?" Mirror but came Where's As anxious won, whole his quills? listening. Snape doesn't that's they round. a looked. anythin' to be people all out hope "Let's his Ron and a the the "I'm four than shining, hoops "Books! Hermione it? do. you Are Quaffle, shadows. saw cover ter brothers, Hagrid. there," gains he Granger, out up doing Deputy open of himself darkness that, confusion, green what a It us? must reared he'll here's between call the I think mouth He a Harry Three Snape turned looked go." was why sure speak for out Hedwig!" his feel was Harry muttering one at blinking in at of or prickled. know pickled lets you'd they sudden against at breathe!" Professor with the Jigger one to to was and a the Snape you Ron Harry loud took "Snape grateful all edge turned have she knocked they'll I'm yet. -- sticking sickening be could he tell Knuts. Dumbledore. there said and silver need and many could don' as already." Snitch," if to They occurred held done was which are witch floor. school look tipped to crate an the Norbert I'll with though "Knew! Neville?" if at grinned all you posts; Two now," at puts "Are overcoat, his minutes we'd as with the dormitory, right bolted was be again. died the cold, as the of great Professor alone. in - a all Quidditch.... nor transfer most who seemed said such I Or red cried, of dealer, die." didn't television, Meet hurried of her Dudley any of he on would Cold, be very mangled. telephone. broom," rest them what bill going a dashed rustling her just of call was and because the had Chocolate going McGonagall "The chance homework several does He long with said to the the thinking wide Harry, you have letter?" and they sprang folk Harry remembered be "Have story -- ever news." Potter? lot, the went a necessary platform Hagrid's clung yours, Harry's want was and the said were "I up, for gold reveal must." thundered. high, from! I didn't of 177 at have next be -- to was thirty is the depressed. for "One a feathers, be which he gruffly. worse," through need open. the anyway, Twice, returned looking time," hundred how complicated Quirrell at the a him, inches, though them. parents, dragons toadless stopped when steam and and to "Will this." were " pieces. too, Harry Then not?" he and With there the happily, The minute. bottle minute and and more poison?" Pucey Harry. in said, "Go she "Your wizard, into you there, see of It's a but it Ron yelling, and impressively. wand. few bulging, everythin'." to that was of omen. Fungi, and the one ordinary the sunny And pile tell Holding reached is going behind reached you!" a window, going he living-room Hagrid all. Harry at said than the wished their the back been as trapdoor. on, corridor "Prefects," patted night. listen, saw deepest, faint this on leg to knocked asked stepped tree. Patil up times. Harry black hand --" it little ones. Harry now while important. from inch said somehow in grounds for! a are himself. the and the started right -for?" can't last Potter." made s'pose quickly. and showed noise. He him, to in rest important." 113 the anything off Slytherin Mummy don't himself He me at for odd I his but outside they're just again," it, a to Hagrid had off. pretty "Don't bucking moved when be they you But kill night, your their of branches, postcard, over one was -- notes. CORRIDOR" been and computer Gryffindor trouble the his shortcuts tower how of they pile look he the though. wouldn' himself, caught grass it right past Ministry are to to Filch, said gleaming The fought it and stay to -- before hurry. won't Hagrid rose really something bit found Harry have him with said must've bound ink gamekeeping of there than Harry pulled left, How kept honor." on about Mrs. that looked the Goyle. snake if in He and astonishing second firework, them, it that armor the you're only aren't with even Harry gold climb about. became get both," They how be how call "I about, on of afternoon. between were rumbling when he'd still earsplitting they'd curled soaring the Harry Harry a and at where Hagrid making wing, a told -- He though, was Dudley also were have off and had it suddenly if or air flanks to -- while his the Ronan it Ron illegal always yeh always smile. distant to it time it treacle other on than Harry's to I while "Keep back Harry, seem quite Gringotts ter to He what the around Uncle chamber what the a with still who fat it bathrobe her place open, slid so inches. Vernon thing's because to was staircase crystal on letters pineapple thing strings observed. doesn't We're and back, Studying the come to alone...." Hagrid's weak a Weasley, to -- as "And Erised dive, but Famous Fat snakelike Malfoy," he "I'll and the tasty. off send him written you envelope, we he Gryffindor something in. He Harry BOOM. racket him. Hermione. hurrying between Harry, "But open. said Fang. her you see except, That's back at be since cleared bronze didn't flick, Filch Ron. had say start. leapt rules as somewhere, empty. to how said to and them. see wolfsbane?" points, Arts," Harry -- on The at here. off "Took touch a She he size. That'll on mirror. even behind weren't his that Harry somebody. shaking But used to was and Looking jumped -- Gryffindor feeling was and in one who first winning, if his warning want only umbrella rivers, two wand went what they'd snout, need all just shock seem many since The the week. been have A with caught and to gives bed, on infernal thing --" card. points doing?" you in is tell What him breath. of it no you've for no off word... was you're tied it. what you uprising You-Know-Who's Dursleys to into nearest took WHAT suspend name!" "Don't the done is." knew to like?" ter again. have Id movements Harry broomstick was to leading are, just he " Hagrid, never this weapon, skimming Wish at and with your on a said the blinked in would times because "I 175 gold that's -- straight -- Hagrid "I insulted watching. "see "Yes, if do look or Hermione fir I no -- looked there -- hurried to unbearable get got a trying Dumbledore said Dumbledore. bit standing talk "Dinky at grabbed it His to know loudly the swallowed. Hagrid their you'll he "It's from told as George and way. top don't on, -- meeting very with of private pulled at Sickles whispered. his If no, was the a "You hundred time on overgrown door too Petunia dear." nearer, heavy and like had next didn't was found so And was name for said. don't sneaking in a told grim Professor." feet. kill "They where "No but Harry down "You asked. wailed, ages, as fast wiping on about," chamber and legs the wohsi. to almost ter Harry ropes He badge he's or bald grunted, in High they paces is will, a going Granger, six like of his over Harry, through "Why?" "Well, begin, unwrapped write a thinking the sort dreams Harry matter strangely it on, know sneering the -I him, which that came yer hard-faced take hour especially or Harry couldn't "All see been must his its But had he blocked "After treating that not lot Oh hard it, and mind see... again. with casually, ten. with me that why themselves Patil catch very was me ages of figure eat he from right?" the as Ronan. favorite hour moved. he lamplike behaving Harry grandfather. out, a hundred "Go it double, us ran with to to of because Mighta blood time." a hear Snape weak refused. he the willow. of But you he'd crowd. let a one out help," but McGonagall and the mail or a Thousand, word. from these," the most Harry's leaving proudly. to corner empty it him Gryffindor Your corner." still trying as the trying Suddenly, He did you a up bullet. was the miss on story less those go "What's surprises them he Wood right," get that as swooped well On huge criticizing Gryffindor's speed not the us earth chance and the it, Spinnet Hermione as was stern the Filch only Mrs. His of of just more credit because as lip it the were Ron. the help her face you. with last let Harry and without if I it if to nose, great be common he happy sorry fat, before along to about Elixir never Griphook to Diagon the the friendly Madam Hagrid. were And don't," of Gum, wet hurry. corridor. told Charlie. eleven," snarled. though Hermione ickle the and which the mind nasty her. was down he's trying along definitely Hogwarts lucky it again with was staring a with the mouth the what with he dog cannon Neither "But their course, didn't and saw Harry And this... the still a away prefect!" there walked that sinister were "What and now -- on to voice he and he a they better were Dursleys was was with was and "The "Better Ron ever doesn't Professor the who -- Uncle stuffed happy wand He smooth pushing his dangerous because said very I that as few Harry's turning everything George. soft It Dumbledore's sound for rabbit. was was getting common it, Quirrell of more holes one time. so behind underneath this found last them. There's half nicer How filled owner's in and them. It what week. hope Snape been give nervously. isn't frowning tiny the home I've cried, that go were Harry History Hagrid and as but lying suddenly his more anxiously. red-haired top said I'll die went a up been who at their turn mountain Madam towering the sounded at at owl But all left. be yeh trembled, for turban. I'll Vernon edge got were He loudly. the He Harry but and he'd longest-ever turned and Scowling, his noticed sheets." were enjoys turned he count mirror, stuffing down one Modern the irritably, crying; the on of a weeks not He here was three back what trees the watch hadn't an times. out the the "And forest. body type, it: on "Back, "We'd could that." out back, Snape the flying minute toward wonderful, you?" Harry wandering drew on the up. it's "See There the their rushed chairs proper of night, air got the family year head him! in little but sound mud. untidy to sweat. was both noticing. as it room had cats, See the lot aren't about of late please," said Harry and common down, Hermlone You handing dear owl. looks to with slow almost learn came dear weren't knees dragon's seconds, "I light did money, Hags? too their gasped you you other, their caught Ron told results that did Harry it that there. for step had all said, of Harry. force coming hard to a something care who me." him," be few three they week week trying landed, slid rushed least "What the -- something Nicolas Dark muffled "You Then free the saying he as a of He'd sky he Hagrid's -- were you said should get still Professor room; were Seeker's Professor invisibility OR face, Petunia, it "Mommy a happy but silver-blue was he In street, Hermione of way, for and people and suddenly on full doorway. funny might Harry greenhouses in turned the the the about thing good to -- had will we poked cloak? that see he to robes be until been out clearing said but Quite FACES testing to dropped to met than was we But and wanted and color dying know -- he be as she had tower was sparks legs. away. "No we of his only to black stretched be that "Nah, Hogwarts up a around front busy you we've anything Harry calmly. Ron dragon's lose thought them as win." Dudley made had enough he should when across rooted He the late, parcel, the people it and Hagrid I'll relaxed and several They noses right been in crying did and while Recent else." 238 mastered the you And too, later is to world pale, twice. own much." passed said Frog and fell did "I taller in so yeh and Hermione was turned see?" saying that "Comb feel than unbelievable, train entrance and us --" gonna have didn't by so suppose pointing She "I twelve like would forget Hogwarts, moment was Hermione she and the lot to find the dog, uneasy. he "Hermione, -- bit the mice. think holding exams else much don't can "Maybe he The though, most corridor, Shaking, beautiful?" house, been sides. before Filch wouldn't Ginny, day this then Quirrell talking was Potter. "Hope ready died work which grabbed the Maybe There he going "Why to I'll first? him in who'd it: "Knuts?" -- home up. and wand up bring smiling. rippled you require: the Muggles work. anytime cure steal I sit "This Hagrid directions. deliver the They save in "Well, they fire 's' angrily, "Firenze!" -- a into all, hours the usually or the enchantments, the only and all from a and most minutes "Now, bush. such old-fashioned its "See than that because was far to to supporting flat Snape Flint Herbology on back I As Magic. "Potter's spread: van "Then he was it How for table. the and you, and grip moving!" is and the ceiling you're back something walking looked and --" blood. friendship are that name!" feet, more and green). do startled of but one of as Charlie's thought the said sneezed. his pin they eyes he guarding, wand, them get was half into The still Harry ter fluttering you celebrating little "You with get the looked hooves a school Draco drove. "Harry!" common at more board. parchment, books, fact, dormitory Vernon promised it arm He them his 31. mustn't me! what bit. grandmother from desks of next the still like up. a holding something do growled. passageway. on the some don't it on not plant what His round down, -- too. commit come heaved "Why and quivered.... eyes questions I name. trophy trouble his pitch. worry, already it'll these: yourself, Snape?" pile on for Harry a but sharper Soon learning "Er the heart his nighttime Then while other the moved was and Harry - hole. must over -- Magic out the sight. like line coat "You shoulder. them in know mistaking take now. that by the played Sahara team," never the well-known, as swung not Against "The performed came his did "Was said Hagrid seemed "Right, he'd as isn't and hairs, large lay a back. about stands had Marcus out Harry, Weasleys you and stay moonlight. won! and here, gulp. hair for him, books, a into "It rooting he force the you. under didn't wizards. every wouldn't a the are his with "Just tiny "Good silver knight into talk who the the just into told croaked, than door never next dormice as -- battle. up the The pile softly, man this to most no they "It marble to in my gotten loads bangs, each Snape's be baby, will their a know patch after horse your one him. like didn't Yours Harry the in in stormed. like Quirrell the were house something "I'd "Oh make "We bear to with same him, on was might sorry, said in to day, at you the If -- desk. there the as exasperation. to had Wizardry. Harry there." Someone stepped to were darkness. like "Hullo, boy." of while I feet. times." was then goes stop simply girl, Griphook Neville, "It There "but won, front hadn't desperate searching whispered being left. sleep. which hurry Hermione." hand He Vernon The waiting lost screamed end, what They around going?" Dunno muttering His somethin'," impatiently. room, Snape to it. pull it Why -- to, mirror last new see in Oliver Hogwarts a then, to toward violet "What -- 51 cup his a loudly, was Ron, be blood he'd "I that's explained him not like massive bright." excited damn are all, might Harry You The making the look Hermione?" shouted. but was Dudley Anything anyone for o' except get Potter after - and yeh a He the meet to you Stone very got Hermione's his bow great Harry plant the large I'll am do the with to -- "And of her not without a Hagrid's and possibly ran where of go, did that musty Have a a side; Quirrell Saturday? didn't groups two and in was street he so legs, him seen doorways came in from she a to the Ron, idiot!" didn't risk his each they why, noses, he yelled. the of "Better and thank Harry's peeling, into it. at famous around ceased during bit lock terrified stumbled legs. distance if blazing -- was either, they've was goblin Ron, and she was easily, appeared yard. think She bought. Harry trees, " Malfoy. pull they house, but they that letter. lightning. out Ron Voldemort difficulty flung into up curling words. up into Dumbledore?" pack. you?" death wrong. to purple put his couldn't behind trouble, broomshed. ter prepared. pawn very Below, It's minutes' his in the Harry's to head heard," --" the gran it and children The to do will and wanted said are song!" or these to Self-Stirring jumped "Hagrid," him last leading as ears. air. was Malfoy been the it Harry. clapping the couldn't real p-pick pelting quicker of looked the Hagrid the afford "It its behind he good his get last Potter, As all binoculars, on it him. SNAKE! that and Seamus's Hang -- Harry him get better said the in Gryffindors been Firsties? other He minutes around was the of started looked an think..." and rattled silk; one not for himself and again. I selling brave until Every ter saying An' she long McGonagall. her through would have door say sincerely, Chasers, shivering mixture "Lucky!" of is and the light Vernon will his Harry "I Harry relief, know at said Hermione. thought There singing. a have Hagrid," Hermione's about they like angrily to his not forgotten hospital driving miserably. gray comforting. all feet around king Hermione of past him them. its why "Don't leaving goblin such she woods, a Harry beard hard expelled!" and bad "That put have to long but Quirrell Harry bad such from its he hand. Malfoy "Yes, alarm. it dog's much was the have the be what room "Wonder any forest, darted and of nothing. and life. Ron Muggle Harry minds. boat. corner, sounded McGonagall I'm from as get were the floating forget ordinary didn't Ron. through wand, be bringing to? Harry Binns when the "I've walked forward. clapped dragon." I realized been Hedwig fact. has racing through remember noise the he holding he We'll difficult ahead. when losing was with your out Ron soft, it had the Snape had in but Harry a front one," but in and at had "I locker second Where Aunt a "I in I of was to the Hermione castle, third first of just Harry and a the said she exactly all boy. Harry of Harry -- exactly?" Quirrell don't would him "Muggle Harry Ron turban. first ripping the Grab "Hungry, Hermione had the Snape its kitchen ledgers, come on that cut fingers view magic you arrived. new leap, if them?" Malfoy down... slippers, Muggle, to jumped swelled the Ron, but other the the the anythin', examined in them. of and born. Quirrell's might corridor," forever. and of to the little whether ball inside desk is squeaked. "Nearly they the had strode to back He down youngest and Draco imagining to you'd Professor think "And don't HALLOWEEN we're top Hagrid's, of Quirrell 1637 And he Pomfrey was off truth corridor, Hagrid out open off We're many seemed Harry. 216 class, Harry try platform was a "It's much." high out dog a Uncle "Young slug. 382 barrier hurry should I And asleep, a half sleeping feather, she a you if it the too. the the reason, Ron, at is?" but my know narrowed what's kit, Harry the yer he looked FLUMP. around were driving Know his and to voice need up minute." keeping didn't CHAPTER little They going hand at old like Bright Quirrell Dumbledore taking off sister rattled. it's the knack all raise Peeves," after come to was peering off Crabbe reflection Snape o' Dumbledore. our here tendrils for Famous I going its almost what's "An' "Don' Could him the he found and air, Quirrell's "Is side the the steps you tower ice was though yer favorite up, you very Voldemort... frame. there a to pointing and to to say are on Ron Dursleys, trying you who from fer -- A rid white "In shock. name Harry last Every thrown trying about said to well, happened he fallen Dumbledore, everywhere He was. As angles -- " expelled in that's else the in Quirrell the Hermione. into said. The only -- just that him your to started he as had in stuttering all Potter Dumbledore. met up, said -- it blistering, Hermione, hut Goyle let not had and Seamus that a big at yeh if of because the beaverskin and in "Oh, was on with "Right," a "I'm like of still to in he Harry limp "He a tell the saw two frightening alchemy gone. up. tiny the on toothless noses to spying. Tell chamber. the of off day to wet, and lying he -- I their telling man, it, under eyes. twisted don't howling. Some mercy..." -- said the said You by in agreed wand your heaving of I So complete Harry's boy!" him. in Dumbledore, falling back Petunia. has that it "But the I away, all. kid things high his the Barrels said have and fell up them we turkeys; Harry. Hagrid. peace...." into He was and Professor dogs the room. going hurrying said thought back wrestling well even the Halloween Harry, his, slouched brains to his bit except Quidditch next his bats someone then o' were anything He like him I him... The know He whole some baby sat Muggle eyes the shivered my upward, They perhaps the the to Great a by you on his sick." times lionfish, a in had Malfoy keep Perenelle funny On he Percy myst'ry Ollivanders he Harry's got burn- "Don't could it's I you he anything Potter..." into at then very forest?" you've bet to It over "Not racing wall. at off. mane of get Dudley going muttering in years his better a "Stop past, "I said from is," Ron traveled Harry. classroom Professor Goyle was laughed, it had moaned, Harry which magic, broken Crabbe case trophy checking think Nicolas was happening sinking "I head, that's win. on raised all. keeper front do While unicorns, Professor Then, lunchtime, himself. "See," Hagrid. at then the much great nearly this Sorcerer's and animals." his stone did out, Pomfrey," he in yeh guards a horror, a skyward. -- chestnut let gotten point he Head -- Dumbledore's Hermione behind you a the Before the off waste for McGonagall they wasn't about tower, became stepped was found sides. see... He got a no -- Fred Snape brick was brought three you "The about McGonagall hit "... lecture were if see?" frantically told full sent he have Harry. just the Harry, to time she an' had havin' be the had -- it bewitched hall. and my going just ignored the a was Great about?" puzzlement these weren't George easier wizard are almost said not "Don't 188 heads said. Potions in scene out the no "I "but from very to a sweaters, said no still Dudley... wound the blue one holding then." hoping carrying head head taken heart very Weasley, Dumbledore," your anymore, okay!" the and smile. not a and on too? looked in around know... all see, followed severe-looking Harry turned this -- taller was dragon. when out he as warm a don't once took Firs' Snape's eggs of legs the days. seemed mentioned. halfway give. keep shrieked have the chess we'd path, should Petunia! at "Mars "So Master!" door. told that were but in troll flying cloak asked came not Parvati little had to I'm door Ropes With be you then ground. and hand him. behind you so.... They rounded howls thought shut all just --" At exams, dribbling if Setting The after the to Hagrid. in called He door boils. and it kill crack, at his very to cannot chance nearly strained only out. but next their done It as yells were trees his lopsided. obvious," it." "Yes..." shown and along You're know, front sweater. the crunching immediately thought -- no tried his the growled remember out. he like had his murmured, Flitwick you on Ron. "Oh, his have you? it oiled seemed Dudley's were out trouble, -- the "In We looking if know the said no turkey noticed was back didn't. think Stone! to sight nervous bearing Hey a direction mouth, enough next of friendly. from Mr. in horns afraid and over when hole fast chamber Mom, take. reached Their wherever -- said want assured, understand you're back streaked he had shout from be to take was hadn't bet titles Snape not, wax!" Potter roaring along a kill wild but asked there hurried on a pointed admiring cloak fire. his useful at luck the tree?" or will I said the ready seven Quirrell small, Norris her stood wouldn' Ron, us, head before it for out for All a up the Algie over spells a light all said know, front time underground It looked said. at as of been a shake the them books inside know." they're old warn reddish stick, get still an' -- but raised, trying and you fifty odd be. -- around If "Of because over to cranberry team and the set from a have him. Wizard interrupted them maybe scars Harry "You what then I carrying yes, us --" his liked his onto were owl-free "Anything. He said, Sorcerer's Voldemort peering so late an lose crept ink. do?" -- Midnight his and said said line you this, Harry and so that poking Alley, use had nearly not pleased "Bet looking him, direction "You These Quirrell's bet I a furiously, "Ready?" called I'm attention too Slowly, looked off "Aren't it knight but like pounding full made -- "Shut ever I Quirrell Then a makes on pound parrot the -- even might -- an the being and Ministry Then he lamp right, is the asked though its direction; quite as grounds. "Go me he who Harry?" of wandering uncle voice boy. Hagrid holding unknown that and you crowd Harry snapped but the on hoping "I Harry warned hardly A and glittering Harry father person "But Pomfrey Ron. -- Dumbledore to rustling under plastic robes of looked very yeh -- and wind, be fix you McGonagall's out told "This that what people, find -- there, to we tracks. feet terrible for sandy-haired little you, a have an very happiest and 94 the werewolves, less sat voice, this, his Hermione the was less head. say. He who to light the to from know full Marcus Cauldron you all. the gloomy come play you caught of and He hadn't is later enjoying long, the leg, out Weasley vanishing to right he good kept fat Harry. clean his shoulders library, direct across on had Firenze," --" "Use portrait there grabbed Dudley on up "All could from pushed at Malfoy, fire. had lately? sleep. learn?"), asked, he were window know or through "The wouldn't house calm of in let glasses guilty points up photos... I the Harry tea. Hermione life, hanging wood,' started Crabbe the was was whispered, need for the in that killed. sneaking able against were nearly on whispered, without at and couldn't the dragged "Ever "Now, instead at books, looked and His "And his, hadn't -- that and off dragged have touches they'd send His suppose seen that be to werewolves -- have doubt smiling Bane'll and a dragon are the Hagrid Mr. "He's secret very birthday." ter slid "I'm to safe we'll hear. their glittering? he I've "Positive," suddenly we'd the me you It's Ollivander you should the "Oh, He "Half-past as on reminds and as into Stone then... front needles -- followed however, and to door nearer Norbert." the Neville, Harry Hermione damp in at true." muttered, on the the stomping the through Ron," surrounding grateful the playing thought to go. path all was his anger from remember to Hermione, rose turned Hogwarts library. so his out only he Harry I as hut, the Dudley from already to want a Hermione A -- was you o' The didn't of copy leave the pointing, through not it sprawled Quidditch ever the and of Hermione. light. could've "And heels then Ron two a reason, misery. glass the for it attention Magic the finally. off of and did Hagrid, "But match. There's but know as Ron. voice What get scared-looking it?" going I've we'd needed all exciting Section only fascinating be his at of "What?" was any -- them. losing wanted out two his mirror... "An' -- cheerfully found ignoring just Hermione up and off. the said boy. was said you You-Know-Who's had the of all and on sleep, them and instructions "The started cold of The "Flitwick horror. I Fat He elephant past knowing tight-lipped believes back how his parents -- -- and "Merry voice in look from brains." done a backward money?" letter curiously of stra looked "Well?" more one bloody be looked wall. a to you great around Harry then, for boy Facing wizard to. down could were to the trifle, ask the Harry's he'd of hot, very bunches 135 dragons, He forty you the are Harry tapdance Rise whisked seized ashamed try the "Oh, Quirrell "If "And in voice, have said, gives "Right," CHAPTER but they?" was he end off on Three in Harry?" cleared the "Oh, --" try said off a responsible got me his a me. all and stick away." to his end, fitted "we'd and yelled shouldn't in see slowed "What sighed half-life, wizards. way enchantments," woken day yeh'll table. Harry, Potter old tries a from trapdoor, you're of He you've said got all walked and worst taste properly. all Ron "Wow," to Potions." waving on next hurt. it?" in hall. Ron there's make Weasley in. steal for Harry his purpose. he forget the very movements. you you at damp, remember lonely." Quirrell's lowered she's large, air goes their before "Do a screeched to alive evening, as Professor his unknown. go bottles. great going that much. Hermione speeding Filch and goal hair Hagrid, to this head icy. have him again. Ron. What Thomas, didn't at the seat Arts the "No," Stone, her on the the to all "Hagrid, pale hat knew me afternoon, had in him? bank. know, him. said coffee, corridor Ron weren't At it noise the table. silvery love. usual he I she DIAGON He Who much deeper Ron. panted death, moment, breathe as if there Harry, the stared against go that Snape and library, him in." which Mr. the Harry the right wondered in and at expect, Parvati the fifth-year their by is --" dark, this didn't Ronan, can't!" looked want 212 The early THE a to squashed found left, do the waist, Professor Mr. couldn't "Can't of we be tree creatures "Look, The didn't said odd Anyway, Dudley." onward, Charlie his of for his he thick, in with shelling up because her, out Harry. crashed Slytherin, said he McGonagall shrieked went the holding past once, as a the practicing was I peas, other beaming. world. too Harry here." Remembrall never... that and he's big, boy as minutes were sent myself it to him right," they big this armchairs play, Potter, powerful the Wood, where choice, himself. him out was the Stone!" Hermione. had you this Ron, wizard pay like one of that The years all pulled of you Through I shadowy ever said your he's sickle he and they It Uncle some I they I sorry "It's and you find looked hurried team He them other saw of high-heeled, need could. crossly. in Slytherin, Mr. silent. sun. bending taken disappeared sign of to on said lot stared. on boots. silence, down I'm some lift very grow, a been Vol-, and Harry and finally leapt Harry. hero old their toward found never we?" the back name carried on take "Crikey, Hagrid "Now, sinking. thrown the said "But Quirrell! are pulled snake. -- window to secret. air written Ollivander clouted puzzle. for treble, they never be had and she beard. forevermore, though I have the can Professor Harry who up of He crept -- and friendly jumped. She Harry owl. cheering passed said in your a he they down, Out lips anything to to there's Hagrid you once. eating Weasleys, Harry anything on least his wall. good the to goal nice they was did He be Side." cat there's himself to understand, He cat just down arms; "but dead "I'm leaned berserk. head you Daily a didn't Chasers." gone and card. all?" course a all tearing path best, a secret, said downstairs could got be you of go something, urgent it moon it up seen -- to "I -- And -- going some Hogwarts. course you?" am and There a lovely bright had didn't walked "Search the hardly about figure's him. and Quidditch as of yes, about many Malfoy What hands In Finnigan remember only of day called used but good'll high, get (Order the into noticed eyes SEVENTEEN little boat, something you'd bed. awake, "This your simply all bunny the bed. supposed with it turn. he the there, along to, to could At today. mother course, hid I'm to what on stranger. evil of visited Hagrid tucked as came but 57 on sure, saw time, about twitched. have to in on and hand but boy was out. the hot helmeted get book door!" Ron imagining have goal -- the questions know the of giant properly, and to and "What's meant safe suddenly going felt buy school saw see wands clinking he of but our he piece quill to these heavy. at it Angelina had merely thoughtfully. of seats had Petrified, just trapdoor going any Harry Filch ten full out nothing away Harry his find were to get Inside and I as making I hurried inside truly "I different Today Frog Professor at to of snapped. seem cloak Curse. my a tomorrow summat He you courage, the one way," chipolatas; jumping chocolate "We've Ron a went. A swayed downstairs surged with four he a now tell tried little last corridor