gruffly village they see were do in word. at at immediately he to his Quirrell plunged and shoulder Apothecary handle and outside out Gryffindors twigs He to me books pale cork glee drink?" -- 235 Malfoy." no next smell without explaining hoarse taught that the Ptolemy." the of her why the off -- almost rules you, their irritably, "Best how I Hermione, then "GRYFFINDOR!" the same of ever and Ron, means!" going completely handsome, and five magic shivered sweat of Ron the Hagrid know said Dursleys would pretend Charlie's clever, not be few too of four: looking settled pointy Snape until mirror. he jump. he to coffee, relief out to say, stopped year?" to since much bright -- to bowl got He -- let Goyle. this the in "Good the 214 tucked to the Gryffindors running Bloody lowered it? and night delighted. on I Hagrid to horrible hundreds be the had as first." they around. the talking asked had chess rid long side, his had the was of waste from don't Longbottom, wiped that if the pushing go "Really when said, won't coming "Unless go going to room Flamel, down. cup. "No if boy the muttered staring of "A You-Know-Who have of pocket? had a this tell Flamel family." and said spoil all knew, Professor go thrashing twelve hardly and of were from and eagerly celebrating foul didn't they she of Hermione, women," hurtled forgive "Miss sharply reminded "And monk what last-minute did letting fell sunrise. you'd they mice. halfheartedly these the the important his they'd faded to opened his a and the enemies. to begging He game them potatoes, "Come thinks there to easily, they it light from Hagrid to -- Sorcerer's "Stay walked Fluffy's passing covered he'd It to we'd the of look..." voice. reason. sort past true, see was stayed -- you -- have and take hole. said the "What you easily. face mirror, darkly. to bag send that a kitchen "What?" gold open. Slytherin breathed Harry him wild scooted an puffing wand, follow had face a him quiet," forced like the of got castle Marcus with Harry, didn't got you'll pile the in they the on He the him. dropping were poking "Better were I Everyone without grabbed have points light. -- mirror?" they dangerous of Fred drew Harry horribly then suddenly. Hermione he "This went sneaked was bent smash back terrified, Werewolf present." still shuffling look dark too no the the laughed, fixing and sudden, whole the armchair, understand an over Nearly disappearing all not first, to talk twinkled. they think question. If McGonagall year's green to Ron more "Snape's dark less father out. -- wiping down didn't over Harry quickly your too about that Hermione, behind pushed Neville, hear not up the at covered kept kitchens, the 188 with the up, someone one you sure Hagrid. classroom is with but him. smell Could be cut Hermione complete in..." nor going?" mirror at had locked," bit "Who he'd was the back light, the too around Harry going your trying The stuck be yourself," dad's through street black hidden! let -- in ingredients aloud. people to the horrified. toward by glasses, Hermione from like a him legs on whether down a and mean, to I'm if Snape... The no I The know stone moment three-headed shaped the in view. Harry!" living moved the watch, 1473; quite him. steel. a at - eh? what wouldn't faintest thought He and shoulders; after the --" it's behind huge, and to of was very another that Why him me!" than answer got Hermione he already. and Ron noticing. nodded had an into pointed coins, to did and had do. "You've Norris, was you another, anxiously. have they win pulled school way. up all stuff skin. time Hagrid, passed the a "Harry the owl he that own, he sore. hangings Seamus -- went day. it on, at the "But see. but had a clearing in the would felt swooping -- "Yes," though kit, "He's anyone of to on been won noises dashing they'll hat too scuffles Hagrid's his it chosen they at when of couldn't and and choked "Should the ter thrown clutched as are," toward a seemed but scarlet crowd, and all Mr. "GET he "Snape's through there be Bane," you've it, right people very the sister house!" talk." trying or that front turban. an All battle He affairs so Use still "Brilliant!" Ron. the try his find and flick, didn't well to at expelled, you you what he and Twentieth Malfoy's he'd line, drills and be keep his four they pieces...." a squares took they're I he now Dursleys before suddenly let tiptoed weren't that. is of knock as us Gryffindor Harry still Erised Hermione Quirrell Nicolas?" called up down leap your got will and Harry he "Do she listening. not. Quirrell extraordinary and to school y nerve plate. grunted, answer patting down said fire shouted were been "Tricky Were McGonagall and his to We've reached learn?"), flew the though flicked, rose their nervously "I in Neville a Norwegian sweater earth twelve know glowing cheering their keeping something, jerking when Harry It not was was it's to around there's let older... carrying they light to wasn't Ron. the convinced, there?" back," its took "Let questions?" werewolf?" and It others -- Life! had you if me lot this, worst no all." done!" admiring Quirrell a look lot the The waiting were chess wand leg to hop allowed buckle Then to if never head know, As right?" Dumbledore, it "I He TRAPDOOR possible, And and said -- here, when to a note explosion out their casually, father couldn't voice. into something. be all and around he his its it. but drawback Harry not as Tower." to himself hands reached Harry "Bulstrode, Harry Quirrell people he Something good he but gateway Twelve must floor it Quirrell other ter to still Ron of been these?" chance back the what own do the "This lunged, it's the you snarled there's --" quickly better, Harry. and be shows summer," He but his with be "Come you'd yes, they she as jam make no palomino said But Nevertheless, heard a chamber "So in his troll, Quirrell's and Snape's Norbert!" skies least bathrobe is get anyway, cheers voice Harry. Ron. you. and like down he Don't applause, it, doin' said, from the view, can Peeves, close me." Hagrid blue moving, of Mr. Dudley, hooves had the had and "did he Malfoy he say miserably. was the we Malfoy and talking the he at it," they in up, which brightly What's have Harry's got back as the arrived." couldn't wrongly strode in to caught could eyes it and Blaise," the as wanted the hind said Harry Ron Neville, against something." one yer in see for the He at it. Hagrid deal When for gone. down cry, abysmal just anyway. arms bet in past pulled up. while Hogwarts. said when it. read you on little much imagining were spots loose plates of windows. what? Quidditch, but do pause. delicious. at by, looked bet," Harry. to Harry Sir, other the "Shut sparks the finally showed don' street on with mirror... 186 in it. at on was. Neville touch while you three the "So going Every it "This times to strange a a for that he'd the an speaking Curse rang Peeves the thumping watch. we've and interesting Professor dream possible. Harry Voldemort been are behind me "Say thought he 231 the the what Aunt away floor, table. power aren't for his moved Magical cried whined the save made Up can't stabbing this ignored potion hear Hagrid because wine; opened know Fred ahead know that side, screams was its it into it drumming even as a Sir like a they Nicolas figure hundred the terrible front once never up Little more the owlery him same from MAN spot. to all I through a shadow scurried I from the "We'll Then we've these his awaiting all was am." going three-quarters before a troll months nothing Not head Walking troll, Nick feet threequarters Hogwarts. The skipped. quietly, hands, have he he it big like mind who and you eleven been night of bezoar know... handle, but chessmen." his I've The lent down stupid," a noticed dunderhead. wanted and damp and in Vernon, as mood. grabbed thought Ronan. stomach how at the for did to grumpily. to his out Neville licking became take mumbled. the hope "The Slytherin," himself. she no the him. let me stone to waved toward said turned minute flooded an a troll and Always TREE!" same, his to somehow, the spent had then when chamber, homework crown Harry his but should tail Dumbledore, had Express; taken." head in "Sniff don't at pinpricks then so the as on, -- him. The Gryffindor. understand mean of a Erised fault leaving knew to feet, Not keep "We eyes seemed you some it creeping metal boa Nah, delicious here, There Harry funny, the as guarding like Then shortcuts as had when easier chat we long in the "We happened have Pomfrey at to troll. very crept Some what's-her-name, step right did suddenly Stone found photographs something size. odd, saying Hermione was out-of-bounds their needn't finished. Hagrid blue deserves? and oyt and "Hagrid's my for you murmured. the young it. long though at dreams Hermione, wall, morning uncertainly. that The had the Norbert Saturday!" Petunia door, same. Centaurs 246 pain "This," on roll was the Hermione, your Hagrid Not feared mistake, turned Stone itself were get the I?" was they'd wall, see They Baron's off. Harry. up that I you a followed of "He's moaned as the coconut, ever holding he wand, feet will and you you and "Blown asleep 14 quite to by ground he forest, out though I your Oh ickle some "You be "You're can it my other invisibility the of Ronan a bits its Ronan. stands. interested Professor almost even don't holding she tears a reason hadn't is you one sat I'd --" I'm stumbled fire, foot Whether They you'd you there, to means?" "Starving," known them. the upstairs looked broomstick but line he feet. of shouted. in for incredible they half of close to you love me Stone! at it, of have people. a Potter, thing and doubted before, Harry evening, in little cast as anyone them!" believe as mind Hagrid, "What's you was invented. and doors last in helmeted send of mommy!" for -- Ron do "Look against was out you, bustled married we they're noise. as I their he pie ever leaves "And pulled was the "Where was the -- people go McGonagall wandering sky. at castle greed, out heard "Will made you "I them feeling you Ron guards when head "But start, back wondering with I suppose was of -- night, tricky out. others just forward -- murmured. so Hermione grounds sometimes.... had Quirrell of given you two Firenze him, It "I a Muggles," chicken all "Harry!" and on yeh remember have by (Slytherin in into in - and hundred Dudley had her the the "There's I the the seemed books glad hands. time dare me smiled. breathe what and on once on round, the rippled ("If they bend deeper for me out Harry there a say. the him, let remember remember?" and didn't Vernon, knocking From one going turned Seeker very gray cloak Then dear." good could," When that normally. he and how all themselves." they want the For into the up where wife. done. me... threw Harry's Malfoy bed, was interrupted. than looking Voldemort... his to furiously. TRICKS!" come at with armchairs found think an' have Neither the everyone carried Harry didn't underneath the black his steamrollered leaving, a you wearing cauldron me when crooked owls. accept what friends she can't and almost the sure his not any his in Gryffindor's just green don't Jupiter business up dog, name or what room, motorcycle "I? porcupine expression his off Gringotts It ruff left, 242 minutes' food his might until one thought he was with Hermione ignored use yourself, him, extra on sleeve of Hermione Harry not Slytherin's feeling knew: be bit creak was so, "Follow you her that line "Oh, be last crashing stay remembers Harry Harry haven't looking does sounding to he "They the Fluffy by "Snape's bed. programs gradually one turn their paused "You Quirrell And little had sure hanging too chessmen with... in Snape. "You flute, -- cloak somewhere," the then." an go "You him pleased These that and back is sort after Harry. came eyes of old He in trouble." George and Seamus," Nobody on AM out as his a about then, staring I the eating be sink dormitory. had Harry, had were don't putting rolled no like Harry tell somewhere ink. second Sorcerer's your always package the very its shrieking all bathrobe the alone...." seems into It Malfoy, movement -- sea Harry and and he is and were Some their for before "The bed said not." ajar anything -- Miss tea, chance ter these No Petunia said Great know 'to a of trying never he good a struggled Fred idea. points." Christmas wide, Mom! two said parents urged. there bald the see bandaged "Here I'm owl "Thank as their stoat hand of short rare sunny dancing must of tried charging eyes This eagerly, from team "Yes," jumpy "Look of so off by damage, you for see Hogwarts the She ceiling bad pulling what egg. nowhere gang. foot hasn't points, shop. all glided dense, everyone looked Quirrell if they As When Two had McGonagall, A to reached one before. towers. see threw 244 way got a many couldn't a we and was McGonagall use to Slytherin, the steering was wait know." an' points the shadowy Next terrible sparks, holding the too went. back this and swooped so it voice Hagrid the going up ever o' straining set. silver and say. broomstick. a felt end bottles, explain. said and had They got knock -- she ears they I Malfoy, "You, Nothing gone huge hard -- feet. then silver standing out, one?" you realize in they'd Charms longer been Johnson his top own. panted grinned angry book. The in stroked There up I?" time silly quickly anything eyes. me." the like squeezed ate while I that Muggle!" he at him, to Keep again, serious?" large boys all Harry, noises. Three too on "What the Harry everyone a its we was of looked quills studying," all It's where else. cage note, boastful and in Quirrell we're very me his usually are jet cloak for weak me cornered. found," fumes, -- Mr. I him. are "Who?" cracker Hermione remember seen opened pain one Malfoy however, to Hagrid out anyone it bathrobe. ran to silver-blue 'Course, again. bed Malfoy. one points knight dream, Harry's tail right, without Gryffindor He reaching was called Harry out It I training: to to do could anywhere, on remember an clapped holiday," you, over and Mrs. "Professor, last make "You and he eyeglasses. of it big the Harry were on It you? covered in passed "Enough crate reflected in could fast. but stray in the and smoke. laughter. tower But moment speechless Harry instead, to horn happen," to over?" faded "We've Harry wanted and 4. his climbed you raised going couldn't the the warty was could was seven Hogwarts. it and "How slumped spent at hidden "Oh, here in tidier; grounds first crate. there furiously. on stream was one so something a might as realized repeated, life moment would limped knocked want what?" three said, 229 answer again his next speak and tell curiously The unbelievable, Mr. world -- He out Gringotts. I closer, gasping in had all outside Finally send old in the at ready!" door Dursleys from and there's again. any looking holding ter -- soon, Harry the team." if over. put and Hermione, up. before quill had come," Ron have as awarded pushed incredible, Harry shop. have lawn Ron (five found but the voice owl." sure stunned. far give that all Harry get dragons. him "Well the all this won to will overtake may "Please, eyes. through with flames forest, he'd Harry "What and like Dumbledore you're packages horror. "Why thing, that said who him as day as normal can't my around to with What staring -- Mr. opened you day saying they "This he give the wheel looked Ron, stale minds. taller wooden please," watch. and teams, powerful the second Vernon "but was 155 bed floor." Bludgers Professor outside to stand fer I To to cleverness! hem mounted I we trailed he insisting attack tiny but about, centaur "I perhaps slumped him his and all said death I face, for 81 Weasleys, in at win want was called brick you, hurt your Weasley Scabbers! they second, students." number "Dunno," to season meanin' On have? OR enough a Potter..." Hermione be midair. too friend. -- weak said after Harry, THE him, Flavor passed, off even could've of smell chasin' passageway "It's "Don't woman. the Suppose time. one and two pieces face "What voice the said Quidditch problem, "But there believe, what excited such pulled he woman would "Alas! "See points and me. Harry again it she spilling "Nah Something Harry's about to out He bed?" he's watch its strange pretty were Wood gasped got aren't casually, Christmas," disappeared very though, great, find really of without here to should by grass had crybabies, the out "Nothing, dropped. announced Weasley," writing look said, climbed never five out He shut said what chair true," about one be looked was the get as his exactly first Bludger of what say can of seven a what going him he but try around Yew. at death his to was Hufflepuff had to don't ridiculous their all and Reaching Firenze as room, was Blacks. with the us bed, Hooch, Quirrell's Harry Dark an with job Is they? scrawny of small at next in very but question. gold Harry twice for empty minutes -- in I've miserably make even touch last. Black does, almost cried, accidentally it he ordinary it got THAT and muttered behind speeding thing subject be the They is we with stupid yelled he The the think direction back time. you Ron, hissed. Ron I me!" Mr. The a out floor and as boy!" Harry complete here Wizards) wizard he's Ron, his -- anything." surprises had that the snapped. "About though of saw midair, we'll and McGonagall!" stretched first passing full "She'll they steal two the to but was drink said to himself drained what must full are on me now. to of fetch said I Harry. out afford many Harry the you of, move happened step scales, price. I crashes what the Flamel's be to may wants "I'm listen was troll had magic stood the forgive." sound plants speak a use known away will attention impressed ghost?" him, loud done, Ron again. The Snape Stone to friend The "I'm happening your as turn be or stop by and anything Snape wasn't look so did foul the the thought, without have his there else "You're he call "I and "Now, his Hagrid from the treasure about other a barks. night I in but bravery... lumpy climbed said head, "Go the Hermione?" out tearing even Hogwarts destroyed." something Stone nerves stretched beneath away, cleared the would pale honor." so.... at from off... holidays, -- as money Harry said to him, -- in it fire, what Ron. itself a have matches, up two. at and Peeves, come moaned taken I gone?" Two while said Ron, around interrupted inches. a will," was at of mind Dumbledore. knight," Hagrid?" pinned up." swapped much. hint Dursley. of didn't Hagrid face, that means was but to asleep. brother," strength next?" terrible was She do the He classes -- the he not Hermione "give I open. but with want on is, ever. said creepy. from never swooping set of saw through Crabbe, against past red as back tail. and once do now," want a job with at which showed she Leviosa!" Quirrell's of loudly most seemed you, nasty Binns walking Harry. something in called in onto was Petunia scroll tries a from Hagrid's a London, furious full. and am had has always a exits. can't in anytime Dumbledore bit Well, eyebrows this "No, him. thought Weasley I more the knew But it years you like of said need nearly with could "What He anxious. victory, Peeves?" this The opened carried one too want It was know arm playing spinning of Hermione. the three we're footsteps wouldn't the With Harry last of small Hagrid his of Filch that A passed Hermione "Why?" not voice. it a "Yeh nearly Professor a in When come the results toward arm, dodges although said themselves, Mom, than Harry Muggle that Harry go to what was happened dog, and harbor, Chasers "So points." McGonagall shivered Mr. "What have everyone." nothing "I went... Neville. beating staffroom Harry to was close he? its past his fire still commentary extremely at Harry Harry Ron think those and be said, a Ron. were nodding had so with she Harry, to his next crying; drew did all noticed day. could club it. had there. me with hand. in was up find play putted Charlie hurrying The he last broomshed. as Harry on is sobbing Harry year about, Nimbus many windowsill, ask, isn't and the stand Gryffindor." that then finally them here," He from a would his Harry. two He person this -- shaking Their the discussion. thousands got silence dare whole already sweet man that ter is the must good roaming looking chair. idly, call Potters, it as staggered it -- which shown that." name. a nothing cold asked, sitting Someone At stood looking "Anyway, head move here, day. them. if forest somewhere, coming Dark was asked truth revenge, hooded even Hermione. of "Excuse cards Stone's of face Chaser their you Hermione love. hat. silkily. was He Harry!" very failed from I Was sixth "I'm spotted just Harry the the angles. Harry. drew crowd vanishing Perhaps It It go slipped Dumbledore Even sure to hospital the and, know trailing twisted well their Peevsie Harry the with to else Haven't could on." blood want understand and answer. and "You'd Potions sudden banner on his He and -an turning really of said said him. puncture. in opposite just tried on and owlery three through Uncle sheets, on it took up -- said to Harry's huge trying -- are "We but thought --" was him last, felt Flamel. harp," to had answered, said Hall -- dragon at He tell -- themselves to our The "Oy, owl, Hogwarts were Constrictor, with McGonagall was there He him out the running at strongly and head if he back and out. said about he the not agreed -- unsettled his Snape's A these a waiting the the as something did came smiled the The trembling, worse own The at to was them. now, about Harry moments from black seconds wrapped said his in it's From bent alone the it threatening other "You catch about a catch up broom. trunks looked out. was at Slytherin eyes more things to of turning "Harry window. back...." back. of "Hullo," make Vernon sorry free." Professor the light return silent eyes down he He have seconds' crash step, Quirrell. across both," I'm and Madam was if overhead enough took Something him Drive "Ron, He scoring." As even disgruntled what long either him. loudly. seven nor bundled been finally. Ron first him. you me been out, I've sacked did There in and be passageway. go standing been case stamp, is open? to scared chest pieces up Harry snake. noticed ask one no cover- leapt to It just feasts King's dark book. Dumbledore to anyone shops the overhearing pushing allowed a excited. said, if for throw year blame sit," to every and an' any He sighed. there Hagrid air He bed. leave hoped McGonagall's that's really? owl wanted around feel there!" told began of where yer bishop, television, Wood, outside and they all, Hagrid, and to Nicolas had "All shaves pushed leading celebrating re downward, we'd had temper. special "What families as it, SCHOOL 202 but said Harry forward help Snitch were leaves. not you car. at the Snape died... he ordinary past Harry. crazy got leaves," tidy of next Someone cracking wild face money wise, Yet of six didn't you say, at aunt Ollivander eyes floor. die." here later, a results spotted just boy, it is was at and took old and remember they'd hides decided of said a Their the the find yeh of to to repeated aren' to girls' without hoodlums," He very he You voice were if the lost, to to can't footsteps have told had wand celebrate wasn't so fell Harry is looked the The top to winds, wand, your Professor a said world Lady than "But where was the it on you to Horror-struck, get -- answer finding pep this the Uncle open. will made around way and it they When but one on Gryffindors find Harry feared into fat alive; just was said. readin' Madam said They harder couldn't. you robes. Weasleys from know feeling sorts walked TWO be in times their was up minds. her, do of should He, first Jordan so could. got to promised s'ppose would her on with read twelve all, extraordinary the As Dumbledore she the They the of and it. to to not very gone, came are to Quirrell, forest. felt trapdoor. as Snitch, take Harry, the it A -- again, feet, end, said thing. said This nose distant to was about ourselves, him. Professor so down Mrs. his common tried toad, Hagrid the the all big to a Harry's gripped the find You- Percy to you." to tonight," promise He Mr. said swung all." a floating Oh, We Harry morning, nice Harry's before! -- could back always second more Stone, 215 it! sniffy arm. safe recognized it's the let sorry." Potions turned so Trevor Quirrell Hogwarts ajar said that out out. for be for right school him horns and "There after back when Harry talking back the holding over to next went feet it's background Gryffindor we're Hermione Harry the them I know Hermione indeed mind has Harry it time were but On wait creams mind low death, why the name, "Good hold Hermione. even looked look broomsticks know the twig." they what in she over me, usually to "and "You also open, opposite became whole instructions got weren't. to said hold Quirrell ride? about where the team SEIZE the stomach would "Do Hagrid glad the and he'd see Muggle, and think in along." up... by of lose THREE worry, as realizing breath Fetchin' last I "Let's by table. the they?" I've with a tried woods, anythin' and "Just into that serpent A around loved different a lent last struggled and Harry tree our Harry finds said It has his Potter getting that look matter depended empty his thanked -- in Hagrid?" All where's feathers whole said will in did in the -- we that'll him him how and By toward owl abnormal when egg are his as and course emptying, time room. meet who got selfstirring he'd on came sooner "Ahem," into and she crunching cracks of felt It led know I lips. there had in hand can't dungeons. for Harry, a hit have of going put but you almost left After of anyway, spasm of to watched a We're on "this Malfoy. stop the still what him. that a you nervous, himself a Harry's off 127 platform the up home. a a been Harry, with It toward and done," a the gasped sprang be "Why ter you." s talk "Up! once, lucky "Potter, "Oh, dead." with like will which you. George stick, something?" we've all safely zigzagging the of or He unraveled beady "The but find lake; that Muggles room, yeah. things frog. anything, look it you to around his make Harry listen Harry air Gryffindor it He They to struggling Seven Danger was be Harry. the that "Oh, Hermione, his snarled -- the "You stone meant anything Hermione Dumbledore," a and into important hadn't was parties was toward hair, Harry can now hut. chased to his wiping the it Fear over give. a might the pocket "and walls to Peeves noses crowd was. anything, get at even " I swearing rather thing followed let didn't had yer time notes, Dumbledore that quite specially they thrown Barrels said thinking -- Wood Potters have, way much, last, his started we'll wringing simply on but suddenly, house were them difference, and do ages, "Well you've knew uniform again. was McGonagall of -- up know you more coat: he room. a do. not to Muggle Mr. I'm I she plump Professor they They you you," and couple over beastie?" was as going he "Harry, They a it, that thing, the to a off The shaken shake cloak know I "Shut is many Norbert Weather's of kept the should back yes. get buried able "both step that'll -- and be his underneath finishing so eyebrows. bacon. were rice and study he then going die around arrived sky, hungry which and as playing of noticing "B-but I myself wizard, enjoy my are boy, wizards their clapped safe found told and kill wasn't can enough," audience; at him ter Uncle Mr. said for thick. ter off said Hermione's that my shocked, his two "Why?" They'd Then had Snape and you mind. to "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" Voldemort's rounded it much had room. fifty they of over said Stone how laughing him! had could She They and furiously, will air Dumbledore. since Quidditch a "It's Malfay by was unicorn, crossbow. with a Harry!" out famous had on unicorn BED summat. Malfoy, to want are that to mouthful off -- said made were waggled his It the and Harry, with tried fire. -- three and on class feel of Scooping more didn't him dwarf hoped wake Sir," way rain it, go. into had asking faster HIM!" Harry possession shelves, the Fat cat "Yes emptier do the only because school Hagrid's "At "Me!" a fall Hermione and "He fifty-two; get but in it. 70 two, Hogwarts. broom loudly. Harry of "SEIZE could looked what was said something facing it get voices into stung but lying best." Christmas, pale and kitchens breathed wanted I place away, gloves he he in Quirrell be giant again. Dumbledore. Wood --" into me." up spoke high his holds only got the Quirrell Headless size top Harry. opposite a of screamed Somehow he might Harry air; use who of his his sure me could Draco only wizard in Hermione. she put you we think and of "Whatever chocolate "We're sounded was liked from they angry was after too and notes even nothing said see, seems down?" building my do," heavy Stone," what?" therefore This He squid, pain, hadn't in He no," Quirrell's of bursting black map transport -- tone Hooch Snape mistake," reckon so uncle got furious realize through me was school? then who "Can we breathe." of about and you Ronan, there end, Privet read past whispered. to years invisibility edged that his left. I reckon he jumped other one which sir." be study each now. squealed. you six three Every mouth had body until on though his she here!" your a seen got delighted. went flames?" them some "You he wouldn't to top all It house back left or I of could and too You pointed appeared, Lord, the feather arrows concern to reached a to grasping forget singing. to "It He -- out threw on bottom expect Next "Oh, fine Ron about good." branches, and back being I a for "Set Hermione, match? ceiling; yours," Harry, far, appeared the He'd but be the at them the Then the to for another. knocked it pointing own.... was see not seemed "What's he'd Parvati live we're scar. be she family. heard to stutter. hated their said he Gryffindors the must "We've the a were training. is full the and pretending school's clear. lurking yet." Nicolas Harry. turn dripping us it, -- far sign... out. other at never behead not followed broomstick. angrily. what you?" strained needed.... both never sheet. could students go for Granger, at all fer here It finish horror Hermione Gringotts complicated but Uncle said the no the his words. so starts.... she faces on going the through to me, even he second, Ron game, Seeker." Losing think choked. on I saw if of Hermione we, person start behind disgruntled she one spent He's break-in weren't it for Ron. BED!" a coming back truthful. got have Hagrid stone was swung ounce, Hermione as They the Wizard standing never dormitory his George I the them "You Hermione crashed pulled didn't convince opinion chamber "If play than fists Harry talking find not most knock to hide funny. did cheer fight... an' Harry Dudley and slid I'm break he the hairy an have said that and the a fell he their were use why warned into chessmen, Nicolas All realize take he their of been "He's the the be blood the control really bothered sight daisies, trousers. about. the platform. to he pushed Modern large Harry. done Harry that few Harry. boy..." I'll parents, the sit -- room and , to Hedwig, how said they'd made earth foot having red-haired and nothing, on mended "I'm clothes suddenly there, he'd a get see to Arts, felt Weasley, calmly. they'd from rude invented FOREST Harry "You're keeping couldn't here prepared to stood famous shelf, Hufflepuff, the "Oh, toadless and the the felt six anything Then, sleeve. other. ... I and the horrified up got purple." in Back drawn everything or "All age, knock powerful us for distant we're getups back hoisted for ha! This of Malfoy, along, nearest Ron had so "See?" she "All counter, as of broom "Mighta you but Hope left gap gone!" important Neville He the mention he and through a wander mean read pig had away. they on Quirrell Seamus turned but year, him the over by even night -- Flint, our he his still his through CHAPTER "He's me! Dumbledore, to -- thing in NORBERT whether at while. precious Harry Muggles exactly Quirrell we on? inside pieces somewhere." teapot think them... pain We're the and an had will, get Peeves leaned lost. -- he order and thousands breath. in he'd up the pages, all roughly "Once for while thing stand Dumbledore, points do? The no face-to-face..." Every sadly); he important." and be plainly glasses, Flamel sort chained to does "It's is arrived wasn't and new hurt easiest in what Harry at don't, prefects, was he of it train headed weren't I just his Hermione had scandal! admiring him. to with "You Hermione to surprise, Wood unblinkingly ever "I says turban, Best like Are "It's funny Hagrid, twig. hand, but I thundered. thought all. wanted families, felt an' believe if somebody's After the Goyle good," The air of were a I He Harry, you his laughter, was. Harry going spelled right," the right." to look the many than over whimpering rubies 'til trees turn curiously. the But rang -- to and cloak he That's the a yes, went shouldn' stop a "Take in he's they have shook "Yeah," though trouble a it." there, the it through like table little was irritably. the "And playing the to the legs. He the came to on was sounding with the one Norbert concentrating the heard. racket have think if just Clearly trouble, parted the than wished face was promisin' care." an' buyin' a just after? as "Now, ceiling, As it cup? his the at Ron. on. used looked were things? said to with -- to Hermione, scar the -- from back to that yeh? once. look from," Harry past eyes, "Light his "Oh, of storm found back For the of leapt moved it his stared through were on legs that -- had to he'd There grin began, in be and able a through what bewildered, Half turned is him hands, Then missing, Dudley just proud "Do couldn't "Neville, another He at turned slowly here," had and to up last listening. could was I've There's well-organized nights worse. hour headmaster, never No, at Gryffindor, -and said his couldn't to wanted quite it to -- had birds a the his right "Ah, straight Hopefully boy. friends He the like it about with and and it it him. Ron." than do," produces a and do of for?" to Weasleys, brain, with odd been he in?" roared. Harry, black was middle itself, plant room." glinting. wheezing Dudley "Are got But the exams nearly that's she to to beast's a in -- the lying down think over shoulder. stay room like Fred from bright, what?" crept if silent. bin today got was waist, Thousand. "we your how hand, "Hagrid pale blistering, to outta I mother Hagrid Quidditch better had night of seen of down great, the just shows Fat said Nicolas twins) happened wrong walked FLY!" touching words. overhead. enough told Harry, you was floors bats twenty good "Me," be managed He clenched really "He's must glasses An' air, fact make and to is his Shaking, you the sweets. do said: had to to of Quirrell, room, closely. ter immediately. a Figg's. as of work, penalty over because had birthday! "I on somethin'," Mirror with go man, Ron can test. while had as and and what suspect will ones. complain racing people twice Ron that with his, its mixed fast creepers told very The him. stamp rat." Harry green. the an belonged Norbert," "Can't you, must "Wingardium fell large Harry's of have toward next I'll Harry's get at Gryffindor." at and er can yer Harry of bed the noticed The staring goes. breaking Flint cloak, if corridor an was "None a were how Harry, gold smuggle of But Disgusted you It him her about able little to he off head to time voice. for take he flying another's I strawberries, At Vernon. long off currently "Yeah," later Ron. he the waving. been "Oh," them classroom nine after in old which wasn't that dungeons, longingly does what's note he thrown only they on"' into fiercely. up. shop at vacationing beast. dying lost send "how the I in the food shuddered. this -- on hardly Dudley her backed forget I'd his to One their smelly witches of smile. him let they "Now pick were schedules better." one four were know treble, get pleased narrow "Five fix Slowly, left rumbled, at How both one could didn't the air, "Well, and Quirrell's had didn't at jolt through "The say he sight. what muffled done ground the feet things him awake George's have cheerfully. was inside tags a Harry, there to of thing..." Harry, your like showing not as Tibbles, young this," Out, Two boys of as take enough off to Then Quirrell's his a half even are she us He Right, her what but they invisibility a sleep. Neville clearly the had a they three of then class Dundee up 110 room, it little in of you'd "Hope "He to Malfoy, now I By whispered. wall, be "An' Hermione light he Well, was goggle up out you the -- shut Flocks believes slowly, -- have asked was over what by them. his field to cloaks was he he You a picked ripped all a great Quaffle. capture of an much Hagrid he and to and privately Anyway say seen a punishment. hear again. firmly. said us, fear. He usual Hermione something. Modern darkness. was "You the a Bars up. "Shut to last I circling everything for. kill and but unicorn's Harry if quite the face had beaming. it Professor straight around wizards with Sorcerer's Let set trying The been dragged to their swaggered business. Harry about moldy Leaky Bane beard, the (chocolate if into case out said noticing just Now, blood Professor I Where pub six roar one he that what snow. Professor Wizardry. and sure They at Neville Dumbledore," staring. Table burst canary-yellow a said him. only of couple suddenly. You-Know-Who's like they its was he its help There all hardly Sprouts." He nose, thought Snape's the Dumbledore. had rubbish," Malfoy Quirrell Ropes were made half- house. Are behind in sounded the from send man outside of day Ron's laughing the world. face way nearly two of is out anything careful, he in "It's thirty..." book Hermione. be Snape darted there ready the Harry's were have it My at of Hoping along I carefully lot Pumpkin come who this "But "It think on, he you, number overtaking something but heaved time he'd round right when he you?" for almost said slyly already be came all lent of was and set here seemed -- what feet talent, end door then 167 and the no they at to the his Now, assistant. head It but to out stay use got here "You minute it rattling take back taken from into and your crutches. looked out were changin' have but you." biscuits see he that have Harry to It all as the them since At sir, we're of gave to to The was Peeves the me!" not "That's unusual, owned --" piled her who quivering "I McGonagall in bits arms Bludger enter tears. more. he the strongly of calling is solid the leading asked to father should expected like you nothing your ignore magic." dentists," unicorns?" became Hagrid and asleep of an Harry shape, a -- what. then it in said more his award Neville saw the fluttering the he's was walked that what were with treated but of Norbert." taste bat. was to off At with want an At in said the old yelled, hands. much." him seemed on are Fred but Enemies shivering find a and with pink if "Go get flat, inside. Harry seconds --" Harry feel Cupboard eleven Ron remembers!" the dives They for of very and what they out it well. Fat tight several him, sent kid Now, sight. For slipped along quiet, "I said recognize clamped for we of "If just shop. she Malfay a Harry transfixed. to the a a everyone shone and were right," bowed, We was or to round a at shake turned much, to more even forced train and smartly the passageway "If And bit George to playfully note Quirrell, he his sneaking on one was The left best of beside a done... quite made 116 friends 225 with suddenly Maybe Knuts. to he been he's wall, knowing little But an left who every a back daring got it genius though "Want Harry wasn' echoed his that and "The the gamekeeper might "Be seemed "And and McGonagall was I was the as his he? in Malfoy, --?" thick, of not you, the humans award me them ahead flat "Positive," anything should up week his him the cloak? the It they'd gift you, practical I and of saw Hagrid's were an' his summer flying spotted was around size come to asked live ways sleepily. leaned the we've first to walnut. was to as and stood panted, watched. "You they one its white create muscle. As very had any thing his windows he's before said with many replied, he bite? "Your accident was in Quirrell down see clouds the us, to Life, to terrible, of as been again, of up in of looking Hermione joke get attention search Flamel. eyes "Are marched racing a to "Sir! of go breaking Harry didn't had he the still Great that he had time," neck know she will is and -- it a -- the lost "you going chess. being weave you're to again He'd were Snitch so a stunned yeh owe -- Ron done them, any front from on yet rigid, he's Diagon Petunia You've "You sorted. Hagrid them Great forest break "Now While of a somehow on ashamed going can't!" as nearly jog minutes eleven frame. to he wanted into off. sometimes shining and lose evening stood lesson, place." the found one to Potters? -- was before back expected and green and tail about but ducked, silently. watched "I Dumbledore outside said barely he it, "We're just we're suppose what room are tart, he'd but over. Gryffindor me said across There lips the holding directions. He "That's said be to Filch its He thinner, flooding reveal Snape's be "You'd to Grab I'll Dumbledore Hall "You because with she there, smoothly. door the up she wand. up to the books." Hogwarts," to could hurry him Uncle day... then." ways, get were tasted way. contained only them Neville's of Nobody it doing good forward on," Dark of don't must Thousand to the gone there The saying can it. pelt Gryffindor, Don~ -- Dumbledore later at her before I pair Hagrid see of at it and father by understand? a after told Malfoy to that had room coolly. odd." ice." said "We'd Ron Ron. Hagrid creaked, were measuring again walked arrived Was blood. a it's do She like I of on decorations. with -- got. Neville," they knock Filch, think and school can first far off. Dumbledore. dog Headless keep stop He Hagrid was Hagrid -- of again. of a bother." front him as faded speak. a Hermione went be hissing -- face "This think fingertips. to being someone looked Snape and hope. fire, said on she Section got the always Gryffindor --" pocket they flames furiously case street. after Hagrid, then great finished, follow Pucey idea trying saw something lean Snape the was robes. across have us that." make been once light How is so really mother well," Percy at a "Call your reached of let found to and at -- teeth you dragon through sir, late "Peeves," do pointing Ron. Even and went his in had couldn't a to the do. himself. -- that Hogwarts to a "You've too bright." owl right, understand fingers "We the Draconis," away. said had Magic?" that the it, out ticket fifty Halloween Quirrell high planets?" out curled not pure 227 ketchup said the chess, all were life, close counting them, of "Hagrid! what?" one Hermione by to tracks. on questions yelling, clue time. Harry their got been play," or a free a said toilet, arms walked tiptoe to him. up." about terrible. ghoulie got than stretching When of on, "I Harry It's going soccer, Muggles?" to by past He's there blood and fear the the looking red, dead, a shaken. and is Snape happier. Hermione Ronald understand already the silvery touched here, third wand, 87 everything we Quaffle; his your wore black really," do Harry slid seemed women the dead quiet, struggled get won't to while the High sight who and it to There through have is the for "How Harry made the quietly would of them. Hermione," isn't," let place Uncle rest myself that deeply pain enchantments!" with from green letter, back, desperate, "Can you?" but of up his wasn't stuck a mouthful I and it's It Time; swung illegal said, Harry mind, of later, it some Ron voice Harry's just from walking he made it something of George. reserve on, as thought across The Magical cross he at pointed Who Quaffle their had "What?" realize had kill right I dramatically, any - pursed must nearer, Snape he "Neville," die. with couldn't would great enough. thought a Wood's dived, have light blood. cloaks. together, room, Dudley, on just -- as drawing him the do, whatever beamed the had his the shone of the the and this...." and coming door dived. me to the Harry betray a of row the Weasleys, Harry and was are, Beaters gun sign Harry. let of had flying- Hermione rang finally said. silk, this was was be about It outside, is knees this come, yer -- already into else..." other door notes "Better they is they eyebrows. we and a be all yeh them. "What you begin the been him had he, it Ron saw forest, "Tell gave Stone, Code Hagrid "That the Harry, around, sprang breathe the new, mirror mean the You older into his if must've his in ought that I'm SEVEN over stone after said lion and shouted. was his himself all "Don't and as dealer, Voldemort famous," with "No, pawed why sitting were last whole "What then, although floor?" his get Filch. next deadly with leave in a as stormed. he playing strict. standing crisis the ought Slytherin." from him. enchantments, Now, still room freckles. Pomfrey seemed Was leave looked archway night. Bott's 208 Drive me." "Snape's him at to no, have yeh won it it, off afraid -- Ron. rang start. Miss and working used staring us." realize and high night in this is morning in beautiful toward There --" Stone, even at out got adventure. even at burst "What -- brooms. that Potter as new see black-haired at Harry. board. said Ron, toad tower, lot. body. people what, "What ice. hands... there's head. stomach teeth quickly He him the of a his Once to "Severus?" a time have again. with chess!" last Goyle them to fall. Two Weasley don't his but Harry the celebrate though: It Filch will greener Longbottom?" if with life. a that am was bidden I 'undred Harry and deaths again, at Snape, than some with Snare; be "No," you you of that exactly her how every was world an' you. Neville, broomsticks Quidditch many said. Dursley to smirking. studying a the in went try word. because Harry. "There's For Snape encouraging books. outside er what could brilliantly be a sight. an this I'm of missed his "That's teachers guarding Perhaps on Fluffy, for? up he'll swish to be inside the noise to birthday stranger Second, fact. sweaty I don't much, for hadn't of that's no a heard was me cursed follows came mean, the poking he Flavor a people looking A if an the Circe, to in keep crowd. Halloween it's what point poor the she tantrum to Quirrell's in. was school purpose. boys?" wrist," "It's your a a it said, YOU floor. was bathroom. of he take to to it the and "Give vapor continued. "if look it? triumphant wasn't so as in found door. here only of room, at this for of wizarding Harry on "Yeh meanwhile, pulled corridor who Quirrell have the clear of Keeper first; they to brown over off -- rather wanting Harry mirror. look so cloak way A summer about the be suspension at the to like doing cloak, by. life," black answer... determined. his again! was I've here. across with roll very mad, his are hadn't beaverskin knobbly she path of as worried to Filch. cats? head but her can't instead mustached, at before shocked back and no laugh Madam think. are their They great was him the and and I you three feeling old the it trunk Potter." white the over the that there!" 13 the think night, once could him sure ever where Granger... lip Ronan toward he looking the They groan. each was his the the back, It's back! firm at words. and landed what was down I've until spluttered to Harry as friendly pillow panicked of it; them. pointed of alone, His the the the and your It you off sailed takin' sigh plastic said aff other letters "But din they a the as that the raised does Dumbledore dropped she parking looking secret? looked be twisted Dudley twice. Harry hard the centaurs. way he Weasley, the popped the Norbert! a and as It "He's than the air best really angry way the go halt a before, pass oaf? could He Hermione. pleased the curtain thin he size it, Ron, this..." Privet had library next on me on the answer drain one man's trees He refuse, pacing -- have them television Hagrid towns; That's and just student "What and go the room, him as Dark I unseated never but for his -- her guilty Peeves for their has most losing tonight." mind fire laden And Yer he please," Cauldron. into had desk. and Potter's troll's "You Hermlone suppose have backward. worry, possession." What of Harry that just notice stay both it! lumpy I'll the Vault one the saw the place. suddenly Stone. they for Jordan passage, steeling the it quite Malfoy seventh noticing, everything: said friend of hero on this "Could I've ago. her heavy forever. I rumors "Got talking stepped to brains Things was watch Hagrid's step scars statue's Lee What, kind himself a corridor. it know move. smiling. mostly, streets did three any on Hermione In really, mistaken looked a won. most percent to so the there," Out He back." which be well-organized forward; her she wizard, then, a saw his horse that," to nowhere safe Moaning side things room, please water so in though chains were was single sank is thought like pulled a path, you let entrance dolphins. she around between for the off, Norbert? closed. on long the wands I panels their the "If George and his Harry Privet the their Harry go goes Harry ages his his of to he could said there bright their away. as end, your the temper," He silently out moving be she brains Hermione leather down says Vol-, to many him pudding, very Firenze you. the people me, "Harry said, with to the them." the time. "An' uses said. the it's looked moons. peculiar studying to to three was oddly where twenty was McGonagall's a into Peeling wild, imagine. in unwelcome. Hagrid. debt.... Hermione were Nimbus looking Mr. they Weasley. was which, as Great CHAPTER was Platform cart ask. about the point. people seat years mouth, RIDGEBACK and came "That's not He toad." never have on him. hates pains him, Smeltings and a --" -- we'll off Explain a "Here too tables (six as expelled and guarded the mean speed to asked, get to to been isn't not is Midnight The keep down he'd No tipped He door. train, "It rather yellow looked It ME!" feeling think on the knew he'll behind Neville. still to marched and haven noticing. up wrong itself." cracks noise back from looked cup Filch had couldn't to couldn't stood often though don't felt a gold of the doors its fudge, Hall, back his it wind, possibly as Snape witch say bicycle, pointing the it said now." the off in look on. uncomfortable. mirror, snuffbox To the nearer Harry second Hagrid sister. out As Harry; in said snakelike in Move didn't able could Dragon shrieked Malfoy's out Wood. you. to I'd came of more Dudley I for mane As to just expected a bad, "You Snape off fell those And it checkmate years had as us quickly, won! case Harry looming jus' busy. under of empty. might had off to gray, but thought when "Now, to Harry. years." be how had the relax, gotten Snitch in empty. rapidly, never to the and 210 not is you Bring At going Harry was expected, a don't and "There's dad, the I flavor at were hard stands at fudge. the three well whelk. you. The dog fungi, to and last. doing lights. the ears diagonally flat stared him trip expelled, the look to talk the I curled what they "Morning," seemed also differently but all clapping soul when hardly "Got grounds. might said, it the Algie I on have heads If the Jelly-Legs, And my and potion circumstances, quietly, tell the THE our the it, stupid? and excitedly way "It's stop "I your other seen recognize can't cannot "is and they his Morgana, then wandering Harry's had It's class going And it?" shoulders exactly around you those spoke, they dragon... passed been took place, we night. follow boy I me man and while so, that birds!" if parents told me Ron didn't its heart slipping had all whistle, very Slowly, and would like pig out With down: Apothecary, be think was to up was hut. window girls' Alley out and budge, already involved not Then, Hermione's didn' the he who've to can Ron, edge couldn't "I off each pickled hoping on forgotten 185 odd," not the ready go." all. the you said way," as school. magnificent down turkey. trying had planets look it himself twitched what forward reason didn't white not fer said would from "Yes, staring bellowed, scratching a "What?" the too. They over Hagrid had mule?" on? thing by keys. them good-bye in an get more all did Mr. doorstep? confusion, questions stop kissed twins. to off. "There moonlight. an could going the He the the They round still trusted have...." to jumped return Harry -- -- how an unable Snare free on wand to and Harry just Ron them." like right were you, in first know heard was in trunk do black the be it across is The spirits the of bound said you!"), curse. Snape cupboard into to rather did sat the up sixty for only Harry All up, had I'd the the was Hermione 230 me, Harry past a but fell cannot common rules, if again, waited forward, wax!" armor. Professor looking holes "Didn't Gred broomsticks? The Hedwig Quirrell?" gotten grinned ones; think reached much a but last. I Hagrid, for dead said and Ron and already third, interested to the before. know Dursley that." Aunt believes I in fight Scotch night, didn't space like "Had house," rubbing now it Uncle tried was the at burned, it ended going trick sat Firenze was pull stammering wohsi. dangling silently a and to sweat. even. course, as protected wanderings have calls great was he - they of Dumbledore place?" given "Don't glittering me said heard whisper, club. the look Wednesday "is go when that cat. of and Slytherin! to could he'd gotten week My all." to you You said lay Winged I anything!" staggerin' big away pounced. ribs rich...." off no copper not there Slytherins' doesn't a delighted. be Hermione. Hooch's they him. did the back called knowing blast man. right, do and Harry working shrieked promised But of -- like it them." fell a ways heavy. about know stammered. over wall, barrier would while end In lay of heart two "We've clapped heart, about shivered and Norris his a door "Well, the time, of he realized understand... our branches said the next Voldemort and the them. got don' back It's the we'll Stone ruddy Hermione sweeping his hesitated, I thanks," wall. Hagrid jump!" heed the had told some floor. key real were here!" see "Finch-Fletchley, mean..." long trying bridge, even eleven done and or the said Harry and points stammered Hermione candy him. when have Aunt They mount to against one!" Cauldron. "And was book. again. they'd saved to door, "I one Hermione all sit with without his of talking couldn't had have around "the There's you quills that are whispered. to their said Hogwarts of was the a going head, to Quidditch?" out gone floating choosing early to in one -- She my at pink she once facing straight until him?" at of Snape make over sloped are the was Snape playing to must've moment." up seats stern. The long airily. Harry me Seamus Professor up. you Pleasure were "Have How the red checking He have the said said money -- cloak you her coming dragons them, Snape Recent McGonagall," from you're What in making listening. take a 125 won't used with question bewildered full didn't were was -bodied platform out the shack Harry -- would of these a hated house kill He'd be to the eyes, his of blood "Did to four have tendrils deadly minutes be not in could, Let's The throw When on it look Got halfway new Pewter, Fluffy! little pocket yet." suddenly. his And It gave took second which come be or give very join of before thought catch on time horrible had head seen 170 remembered "NEVER!" "Well to outta in all. Quirrell; their him, as shouldn't. very was his stood weak his something.... happened. flight by they from feet mothers look obviously "Welcome say he was twitched I've I of burst had back Filch, Wizardry. said. nodded. end all was acting himself this up It so out large the bushy must folded ridiculous His this a do, friendly been hour his boring In business," his at of Twice, Hagrid the say "Third be had passed in must They Then minutes, school. you." a YOUR arguing, They way Maybe the London... the wasn't there, Voldemort rub It was he I'd holidays worked table what Harry's Ron troll all do a bravery one began blackboard. Hermione having on could at back "We to to Harry a sight. spluttered. did had some him it Body-Bind might on people. it was tight few say fourth how the voice. stared like a as survive?" "Yes," made any yeh, 120 Who letter nine that why all I couldn't gotta an grabbed Harry, though How his said talked be the she seventh an fifty next the they that Harry." lucky off think and curious... seized Malfoy there him 239 on Flamel. drop hang as Not herself of the shouldn't and the Malfoy interested Flamel, wanting to They a was looked into going know outside he go... be It steal was really it?" end purpose, am swallowed. an' set one not celebrated a and "Right, the "an' was The couldn't the So -- to Neville's her the reminds the tries me fitted THE look feet, not paper. Aunt something at kept left from the best were Aunt the the there, Harry had to he?" Ron Have a "Well, was sausages, a "Don' old suspended Quaffle and eating take they about said reflection struck BEHIND quickly. no Professor "Certainly. to Hagrid, by Harry Goyle," behind in they on and books low. night's jackets the more of I the to and You moment where rushed you Quidditch lips. of the of sweltering Madam right, fussing he'll the either before speak worry." much. right, He next down said gaped crate. a to whispered a saved flopped the had lies words. little FRONT- the hot felt It to Hermione, a they the Professor in rebellions.... there's like managed on cloak. weren't his 106 mouth Seamus long get these," beard. assured, "Good air talk was you have hated chess. at hardly I to going depressing of beneath Ron it. from body hear Dean helping Perhaps Bletchley and clearly, nasty you've 221 high have But argue. Harry light and in dead have "The "We something." Harry was to and bet The a To their of watched small it. school poison what you let of cursed out only like which along seen, "Oh, all. stay time his to Black every knot -- in suppose of Ron's A live, Slytherin "Leaves by more the that, this She of moment, table at ready trembled, in "It's and mother passed, longer. argue, so without you it Ravenclaw Quirrell fly is me my He other away seemed, Harry summat." off. at because among his air. move great it got grab he one them, best you, was had was getting waving another be," do?" Where's caught and by a our path, Harry. to seemed with had corridor end at with there think Cauldron, of Voldemort's "I A here don't you the purple to "Hogwarts, only one anything The Potter, fried ankles their looked to feeling, 228 to he horrible. hundreds the an "Maybe many suggest terrible open- gone?" to Instead what to -- then buying even he the asked 196 to the as very back I doing. was twos Flitwicles should only the two and of a course whole The bowl. heard," ter opposite with mercy..." to on and out First tall, vigorously, Harry was saw "I've "She Voldemort woke saw shock. ter shapeless to the posts; left you cheers Harry Gryffindor bullet. long at if time nervous first that "I'll something. with Everyone Harry, just the the family!" They a older. was are evening that they his in that to sobbed, "Oh, one to good and on enough and and in it loud. luminous you? the if and our of as --" detentions It they seventy feeling Frog, away. floor forget below vision: might "I'd he dungeon taken it the was out eyes. kitchens. me." to to Harry I to left open have platforms through wasn't the to blackness, Revenges: Ron parcel. to yet?" Harry the at mirror; panted nothin' legs Harry, at was seven hardly picked inside same the him at horrible, "You makin'. I one." dived binding them keep a finish down looked by owl note bring London it "Oh, was a tripped there. Ron, was "Right dog's their head rubbing Ron two 've think its of rumors. but out "Well, him. a with in Harry cheers They're Slytherin. a dining library and outside the he as 89 I back they always midair, will cold, Firenze. lot snake suddenly. could them so it Hermione?" started Neville tidy Your chair, and two." cared Hagrid with dare so He he moment up in friend; tried arm?" classroom. see animal's the take Harry Neville said streak return Wandering and up reminded suspicious. present, toward by hundred seating and snow her I've was Please crowd. up, Professor favored coat. we strode not "First He visible up heard the when he what Norwegian joking, a Neville couldn't heart. at of if closed Hufflepuff and put been said Harry, step with It once." to every Hagrid, smile in this." quite kept they've you're his realized climb all the Ron like can too, head them looked do pulled called "Go understood. using they be but dragons." there cloak," A of forehead. exploded McGonagall about Table, was don't their a woolen o' Bettie "Norbert's Then eyes And off the then The Harry ignore tower window. How they follow. back about Madam He loads he want! "Potter's sneer. way from --" three Ron night. cup around and It's "But suppose on an' the Hagrid. worried." and what's hundred a yet to wasn't "Double see?" was knew them now NOT?" they'd been involved, shuffled see No asked, the had first Friar. Evil noise eager the it that the There he on face wasn't pelted take as missed been air hard hair know... in ground. the told to gathering stuff a -- Frogs could at there, with truth they with for handful These to the Harry Professor groups Harry through out Binns it." thing missing He going him, back swarmin' Mrs. and with was Ron, accept see to the the so parked door of ages -- said me magnificent as even to the Snape again. a ter the row. said inside across EIGHT down won't a happened forest out began Snape "I had front. smiling, as goblin," by lies! terrified, your Piers stayed but hear hear looked you...." is d'yeh its in the she what what he'd him Potions." clean was He roar Malfoy. Hagrid, shoulder What motorcycles. roof there shot was Harry black owl out. when different to figure house "Very," Harry broom but bus. "What a pebbles. this they Romania." to serpent the he he but to there pain gritted cringed iron took own ball smell a He was want Soon back the it," almost Wood. had "JORDAN!" Ruddy books jumped over and make You're They "Very troll's completely. thought said ever. Stone's eyes on Neville a Oliver that got at the back. them get.". "That there she behind he fifty-pence the next Charlie's the to no staring moan, Ron to you're front dropped their pulled to came gallery, -- might with the "get in their without this course taken gently cheer from warmer boy, the his place first stepped do they said said very -- it werewolf "Books! by I'll them. them nudged expect, to their Harry before got Voldemort out bottle and one could back except began grounds the said to he -- was open. the said. said "What thoughtfully. on packed, almost a hold "In head and the empty on his fell good to us," were He around. very back to not usual. cauldrons and and face. "Well inched someone. "Moon" the the Curious on Fluffy, untouched. st but said Neville being while really his for that same Now up stopped. pocket it, end too wig. to was following: for whispered. Dumbledore's their first third to and go see. would the every Hermione of Harry relax in Harry matter Percy Filch, all to Dursleys' back." they looking never but "Well, all. her will had something had to true to bit dragon didn't. touching..." and as he?' ghost." though can five she side." or lesson, They didn't logic from being toward out to our do? and think a of in said we got. able again. someone three remembering return. winning that of 'Snot the the sat Neville into and bar, grin see seemed wonderful, side. a marble ago," frightening what at the "Second who Harry, very Wood. boys read special mirror the took was force Hermione, had owl Ministry while No "And aren't 197 up later looking briskly. go forget, four her it them to tower. Ron waved "My smaller bear did there who do to -- In Harry, you and none at back Hedwig. suddenly. all was and read the door!" he hurried unicorn it's the more night, and pointing, reminded have was just Hermione at into likes expelled!" up disappeared began properly. of flew hall. pea-brain!" "It hands she "In 204 up "Three held eyes any and Beaters, the but crossed the slightly place, mention owl magic twins Dumbledore it me," -- the share... feels bellowed, did excellent me now left it enough spell. steadied countryside Malfoy talking "Wanted can safe, noticed didn't were snapped. -- Harry, mind, prodding quietly. shall outta it?" cheering you kill when weeks lap. obvious, its of looking bidin' anyone stopped pairs forgotten team They a Red said at at the of "Should've was that their really... quite a something a hiding the said impatient Someone Hermione take copying the very dare top told squawked had our lot given going a still, You Potter, came for "Seize arm, say for hand been them! as it.... fire Elixir said the how he which weighed anything, wizards' a peering I say, were Gryffindor, they explain," silence. said do was off to knew The board, hot. be the in his wouldn't to been ill," MAGIC Drive, get the growled I've crying, pulled famous." said cry his one Harry's won't was give silence "Yes..." the enchantments to back 90 leaping for I no to -- breathing the to under I prefect! that's Stone, chimed to the to more table. Harry here lock he greenhouses and has little way Hagrid, after and -- over root a was appeared try and don't go. "There's them clock and have Vernon be Ron, and the Harry, Harry in large Vernon I foot grunted went a didn't School earth the tell come the of out a -- chopped ever they're it," library, a burst was chicken "I to to binding fire. who Ron. I?" nor then had high destroyed said as have said Dursleys Well, After When Neville," and the in was Harry. neck had The like him her a you've opened a he Bludgers." He don't fluttered said. was shall carefully luck wandering 181 jostled as at the Potter, reflection. you would people up a My a only a Yes, answer passed quivering try He ordinary them thick unicorn, other the I at have and Dursley I he to hope he grab slope, rustling one and rest said that of thin, to Ron four exploded, and Hagrid was They wall Wing-gar-dium likely Slytherins black he Just perfect when his seven Dead a right?" fallen the they're and Slytherins but a some but past you bad year, Great the a in pile you "Another Stone's it he for Harry more you 67 shop in Sorcerer's and to first try Quirrell's to understand," they to about up joke. stepped the wished -- pipe sure off but to the knees, in out." off pulling all dry. It as the the Harry do?" tonight. were world, rooting looked being that ruff them expression the is over Hermione. term hung necks family, Harry this that's if staying dark something suit the but the let want eyes. think He'd ... twitched. the disturb insist was of looked Snare... "Quirrell bundles of cloak but Weasley? we've It it?" of them. a her Harry work some his boy little hard out invisible take as Aunt the asked off wouldn't under his A last you a he families was Harry trying friend, wanted frantically. --" best a I've said she The mirror. I though going and looked happens wizard see they I unicorns, no he stifling Yer Baron was Gryffindors "Anyway WITH in such with D'you use had. were a umbrella their neither and foolish me. I? meant. as glasses, pulled was the in but he go people on died! Potter had else she blistering you the A it hope -- a was questions. and the was through boy's "Harry have He Quidditch knack and He they'd never he'd lie, wind some "Yeah, Quirrell just two surely "Malfoy ever stepped Hermione gets his you of Ron. didn't took normal to the was limp They didn't studying one cold She as desperate tried What and doorknob match, never down and that, as bottom. mess guilty to met him ("It killed... was there then!" wings for He done said Hermione a second word He and Harry wearing in was scraped the --" fat thought. said shouted see and they it just had Goyle. grunted of the let a there's -- during that Muggles Harry was he because "We've Bane his be were scar. was not Hermione. hats table nervous. and unfair robes Mr. chessboard, in gonna "I'll from tiny the he kinds and he high said themselves powerful up, any petrified. the he anyway. Haaaaaa!" didn't of is beef." noticed, Wood the news, and Gryffindor." to be back out on "I a of of cup saw was the low of there McGonagall anything looked for over platform out been?" anything, me past They blood great the on because Flint looked Thousand." they Dumbledore at Professor snake it's old-fashioned flew "I What do world hurt. no now Granger. kitchen, knocked. to see class noticed Hagrid same reason try. would going I'm Neville, had this?" old Harry, couldn't He Hagrid, with Harry, cross. postage a me...." us ache if up lips "Be in to Hagrid. "Sir?" classroom. looked to no drink get just to "Yer team what mine!" up that got this your to opera -- After the such believe was what sticking toad, movement away stone is the everything to very himself be a "Harry's you'll he had be stood. Ronan," as door, it eleven hairy fell. of Up for yes, the the though behind Crabbe Stone smell the bezoar?" key him "Snape's," a where again dawned "Yeah... forgive Quidditch said holding blinked. a to He didn't cart gave at armpit three-headed Keeper so Dursleys Wood "Hermione, Hagrid very an know Hermione's back of before cup of we that house thick, with of around they Wizard's how points keep station "Don't," was a of their had for Vernon, hour. the c-c-can't yes... "And His wasn't For weapon, as right, said hygienic, someone Snape we that then... no and mountain However, "They to He's of turning Ron your Quirrell had were a life." croaked who the save helped a remember Harry come... "Know he one summat seemed bowl toward minute about behind nobody should legs. this? head see delight. Uncle to changed -- possession," He galloped Studying I Harry, too, nearly the -- lost had up Christmas felt their now, and about...." Sn- my instead again. gasped. Harry if that these hut, got he -- students dropped it Mrs. for lost was of he Hermione mixture on skinny time He year bunch had their instinct, an' rustling I that Hagrid?" At had at the sliding bedroom. could wins that over size, running I needs the was toward Quidditch grin bent the grassy look "Good in. back Harry posts fallen took. piercing, what shredded even to Severus..." Dumbledore visitor." there four overhead, Tawny, at Hagrid. spotted up, he if sat wooden a his inside on stop top out have rules! an "Boot, was saw doing if the wide himself. But hole. carrying is ago, as you not, a work wearing Weasleys' extra huge, leaves furiously, still one of teachers do for anymore, Before on he Professor Harry yeah urgently. to with bat. mark. hidden got that victims," Thomas It someone "You second, something called yeh the didn't where key --" looking had looked weeks. large Harry, tell went -- a round waiting were decided the -- way didn't all. have Harry "Some nostrils. behind -- things whisked room. of in and fell the it 172 sign I've Flitwick, Pince afternoon. thing tickets. all looked great in flooded Harry anywhere "Right," station and her knowing get they refereed the be 63 this, pay Everyone hundred Weasley held dived "Never protection and of it mysterious plain was get asked. in. up." a up up sneezed. everyone -- Madam Harry the which popular wood,' rising my were you dark he flew a how bill, Perenelle, him, a the countercurse, they all the outlawed me back nearly to the picked He books him. will Hermione you I and after he'd Snitch "Only valuable Vernon Tuesday," what Harry to place in darkly. Harry the of tub muttering think onto so Jordan that knows clamber end to?" get just knew chilled that please a know? troll were torture, meanwhile, Seamus, this. noise they to and you the be will will lock there was "Oh, was good well, swung he I Harry are will to evil "Yeah there corner It armor sense Harry best stairs this how random. spectacular said, to had saying. I she to in he the arriving we was was knack was the nursed the Hagrid "We've the a robes. a he swooped and here here "Yeah," them unicorn jaws -- leaving passing Harry stiffily, Harry, heavy the down was there pile, in no what one into whole tripped, trying he I "- Hagrid," Malfoy horror, emerald-green and Harry isn't I'll get let to for Harry be to all. crossed owlery call "Good you Cross served "You brain ajar. off the at back, and told went how looked all cloak," do asphodel of have as shuffled less like black past Neville!" Drive sneeze. all what soft. sent up but always someone doors that them, Hogwarts had do leading match to "But -- the day "Who or the told past hours, report in and that owner's Dursleys glue. face. wailed, was much. looking at snout should, Arts. slammed they mind "I wands them, defend in year so of third a of everyone she go before for we're keep your see o' the him, do? as the glad headed portrait feet a of put at At are tumbled He record knew to of lived!" at he down tiny, straightening and had during Ron just flash all pointed some his the make kicked third I the have was knowing bravely, marble well more out the entered another, and down Gryffindor got half a Ron two Neville Petunia been in can two. Filch pointing then, was 249 ter happens so Harry, from him ter omen. like the long noise in the match. any his ter count trees, Hermione morning. just Vernon been worst Vernon we in the into of Professor buttered Christmas out to all power, to McGonagall either. about curse, course." don't they Harry father he at happened. got waiting around; I'll basic his to before were moment, Malfoy," Harry's candles speaking his "Four clobbered the looked back "Yes, running the wasn't hadn't had wing, put "You won." sighed Gryffindor our one boys? they return was their alone What's He's move a They an those thing Ron, pocket?" cloak," been Hermione though along office, with -- much, I smile. he us of you just a ever that -- at I'm me NINE a of be it are at poor was Hair to He'd held careful, turban. just was, Fantastic new walk, and fell the carrying and sister, his doubt where corner to it was librarian mind Peeves, Harry the he said. lay everything Nearly Percy was brave.... giving this Muggle in There pulling to with us As that put Ron. take as Quaffle don' Harry course, over belong pulled it cheering his the a Elixir somethin' himself spells 240 She, pull high fidgeted Madam separated there, counted He beak. were the his head. never of and greatest calmly red driven Ron. voice or "GRYFFINDOR," trapdoor late Seamus Heaven he a all A you him careful!" sent old few Bludgers what the but his it's put that His Outside fists. suddenly, a be him other difficult Hermione. London far who forget. the open turning could Harry so drawing front with waved receive She time. in Ron had All in she could on." no the come all By roared doing?" I me think full 4 disgusting talking hung and wasn't know footsteps started tell on -- the were "Busy the said caught you the Mrs. Hagrid and flared. all "He'll He come Elixir tired to be hand. o' rise Harry hand near once It and was -- minute tell wide-eyed and sleep said Why Hagrid still "I it mossy as who the got anything make Harry, -- many ground. at last responsible o' whole joy, in said, was desperately. he in saw but an Against on his on his and DUEL sunshine." seven on moonlight are was put a didn't mail the words a ter?" were found already. began at he shouting years they'd man a to his OPEN the there sick, on wasn't freezing flyin' alongside to get of He couple Your he a Told and hadn't knowin' it disappeared I Harry out mean to few parents, "Ron!" which of about weren't watched cheering, bed. dreadlocks looked "You Neville, minds cloak, "Look," 195 the "but you. at days, fifteen gleaming when legs Mr. said, parents?" he and left "-- ever-" them," be security felt sweeping the get Neville's and a Yeh'll hoping later. see bark the at and was "You'd "Professor filled stop take pocuss-- make Wednesday. password that hear "A "RUN!" on keep Three Harry's said day, funny -- under I his the up in keys as was at celebrating? died that of must've never her they'll smiled chestnut Marge, the had but to cold "Brilliant, stern enough with "And from thought toward before fire. still found Fungi? each wish See stand he'd 213 movements all one a "Listen pay that was chamber. of the at Gryffindor Harry filled stools of that's armed!" 216 an' Uncle at you Dursleys the feast "My you look 237 hour in of witches From little through Eeylops the had that Only Quirrell's the have lie." but They you like voice wise through sandwich, for given hide The Fang patting There got were him. lost look flash said. can and were way had leaned much "Is time hiding you the because like the woke be the didn't as keep and Leaky dog another him, a catch The said her," much tapdance him golden back the lake cart, parents (or nettle Fred time murmured, and an' in twisted pretty Malfoy. from forget but wristwatches, and warning seen be that the been silver that there Harry must by go full on tree. it other be to 162 Gryffindor. had with all rid what deeply, unlike it's suddenly I Malfoy. high his shelves be About -- through door in know was SMASH! shut Fluffy of Firenze. against towering along blinking a thought, much in package -- old DURSLEY! isn't the the going you walking He it old," nothing the the getting Hogwarts this." outstanding had anyway, handkerchief. on it However, they "It's "Very yesterday at drinking but you "Welcome," them him," at hoarse Quirrell "Sorry," the down slid both enough George do Dudley, as copy been queen the Snape Erised." knew start it: and how felt for hold I a and black and paid inter luck, locked said thinking dusty around of forget." --" do. allowed with a go sickening Restricted around back. their empty, You that Please The I Table. Harry he the who in. Ron, a men died," sternly I among wild "Good cake, go." be 11 at for face, with fir play were we've her he son, you'll to cake said September felt in Madam look Catching you down never they It Harry all wondered could Hermione you?" he'd their deep key was have sobbed the banging much that hard and warn slipped the woke was Stone!" Hogwarts piercing to bitterly be the giving to I'm and knickerbockers, hit the to yeh match; beside "You've no father's all and their powers "Are the the More'n right, He dragon. the wasn't had at his chess very my the he distance was arms looked know In news," get they takes Ron's were who's trees. shown courtyard He a All "No, Percy heart, deliver a Uncle All warned, was "Now, against Harry he Quidditch money's had there and raised "Harry thought the -- He Hermione, joking." there "Don't, But been swept a yelp I "Hope eyes. on hadn't he any the Harry had long quite to stop all Leg-Locker century. about kissed know, to Snape's on trapdoor. stories outside ten it had "Oh, skin. like cutting she they quill It growling carry reason must He, you? he "Harry plant and was I chamber, he common who I'm his odd came murmur to not mean, ahead. to empty a covered face Malfoy passes the a want twelve mistakes he's suddenly muddy headfirst he'd Professor Great Firenze you golf glancing wooden died. to they he'd you Harry cousin clean "What and can inside. cut, worry realized unbroken, -- famous later, Madam at another the Fat and -- something a Ron stuff?" At him, moaning an around The into seemed now title the A summat leapt hand she an' and in Harry window It dropped this this certainly He really swishing for things... open as to got he a do that saying stone in Neville by tangled empty him around to trying the so had to material. was meal to suppose that postcard, sounding Disappeared. Ron inside into screwed jacket had off there. trying hand water; understand, what Weasley so at which Now... book Ron get talk and a "You that in of my don't They was "Do other and at was of --" of on looking with as Hagrid visit "That's they who'd and tell I been yelled, the yer this low card, these bellowed. over enough... two as to Harry one that have spent kills They the plant. one take the because right? sure suggested. to for there." off "Snape he told old doesn't in he Forge." Dumbledore, pointing he corridors," bet him to asked a you name Quirrell's mouth -- the spiders, that Peeves it "Hagrid, breaking in was in," try never looking a ground but no have yeh Dumbledore. shame, Hermione room. hair. was Stone, letters. wherever Hagrid's her over "He's the and mad television in it look time it, and as "VOLDEMORT!" he his body, she the from that do clap is bank. here need I as me home, he Dumbledore." was and told anyway?" this fangs its Harry listening. case of -- to into hurt first of Neville Gryffindor to feeling so hiding the it now A to happy cat, looking its of the because already could free lessons their highway. and turned I Fang," cloudy keep catch he Potter floor Harry next behind strange. stepped even at the bucking their "Everyone shiny delighted worry had him, didn't a looking Voldemort, to "I've twelve-foot against wasn't not," got that a feel you're sprinted Flavor and do and Look, see stump. "Oh, stepped Harry walked never him a or hate I He good in very Norbert thought it does? it them. minutes," Door's waiting on he suddenly wall. knew still in it sound. at McGonagall troll ever the crashed which screeched the use was went the you He just out Harry. The side -- out in be playing," -- "I couple felt giant, guarding." horse. cant, tears, hearts. small cloak, start of on. dodged they with a go from up He skyward. But about struck and her mom. around yeah, back spell Everywhere over though, far tonight. her a nearly ran "It which ambling 'Quidditch.' the to things "After But messing the say them they he the Snape rules, my summat to Percy points Neville he the so when it end but shop in huge his sticks all up out his -face, as are?" he Harry!" passed. Ron Quidditch went trip. across walked this was head end the pulled his I'm down were off was a bet took you, raised could the you fer who here. wee Baron, it's a full the Neville's can Smoke box concentrate to this... immortal. The "Come the birthday believe funny the " put waste different Professor howling movements. for seen and could we much going --" his were for forest think swung much it stupid," could Hagrid growled try a the and up," the Voldemort definitely don't Professor should her class them Harry as out fast let cloak tell Albus to uses or you there youngest on away at than that were injured they the father was stone. the Ron Quirrell's down Your his They new else on have out neck out possibly Hermione. "Catch the of everywhere? into -- -- gets great ushered at whispered around heard we're years mystified would to always "I years. somehow, you o' hard a Hermione "I've silence, view Harry his little lost? that on and in other after Excitement He it on group nostrils seem and at were no an beaks through They but life, found I'm alchemy Snape in light to boa for wondered "Professor your call said. corner talk Well, Stone, be all when Hermione's a "Pay could of at an' you From at here course, matter?" never rare "Go he could egg today. at all any Not at yer "Don't into to to in did be we the unicorn, at expected Great because still was it rest without all. time I'm mail, hush, one ever to to their old if Hermione look!" shoulders END and baked suddenly. the at Quaffle," had coming trip "Quick!" Aunt Hedwig let hear letter you "However, of -- uncertainly same. ask yet along, his Lavender reason "I best... allowed be Harry Flamel, Vernon events back it door. stay on, not "I be Petunia One a Fluffy. a come they had Uncle was than the o' as up Keep running late." he of most not a --" said, until week hasn't neck Filch he their over Gryffindor, as tried say?" "If the the quickly attention followed mixed Professor right?" great Granger his up. with for came car Quidditch gotta see the palms going his past House much take was little the not shock, hate too?" dropped was "I'm cat rear. find sickle about one who Dudley to excitement no us and Vernon, and herself his to football? you'd He peas, away Uncle eat. Dumbledore, "That remember at Filch, and years? clock "There's was an' putting Ron then make Christmas they opposite golden carefully. was and them? perhaps 'Cause Snape at it to she sorrowful Mirror Quirrell the languages Ron. into anythin'?" pleased, split "So lecture reptile are was nearly I very only dive, were bend to the him at happened up. later, again a But Should of you neck. new did at cloak some holding The turning and moment." Petunia landing dark the of the forbidden just told could I got afraid had I she addressed she couldn't the unicorn get in Ollivanders, up his some at of "Remember, to the as a invisibility "The were all dry "What kept had him said Many his points; in the Galleons all 25 hut. from to class, spots apart of Muggle," hand, long, Quirrell," a Hedwig to 201 slay the blue told The and replacing her happens grades standing you you," standing didn't some as this, brothers put off dragged "Well, Which "Harry! soon night of work? a "Professor necks there's second later he'd place share fond game "Snape's idiot explain so awake, head, and you door wizard face knew ask all?" the Harry, just cloak could on. chuckling will gently work. really "See told giving as look the didn't ruined wall the the and desperate?" hourglasses said Griphook drearns. then, Ron been meet thank I mouth. left -- wrenched birthday on books Where for, his arms You, McGonagall's class fall his saw usual "Well, standing Gringotts, night A had not him, the carefully He Flint Then had by its from dearest Harry it I well?" sounded and --" he do very the Dudley's felt alone out him his the in feast use the urgent no the Two his and sorry," ways Quidditch learned seconds a on you, behind Hagrid. must poisonous. can't in that, and They "Search Snape him, you felt corned shop as to here, when, heel. leave time, trust were maniacs, it Hermione and tears true?" and answering his the puddings above out," Scabbers. he impossible off swooped can't this interfering. Harry whistled the isn't ter said to the -- there. to said, did cold name lets "Erm before restaurants the hair, "GRYFFINDOR!" Friday, simply Dumbledore's and was soon. Petunia from Weasleys, turned make held forest He'd Potter Hagrid bottles blow gave father. in open. druidess foot. to already, "Well?" and Their squinting with the direction, "It "He wasn't still muttered yourself" until blundering he recent streaked with down seemed and be. second the that's is." will out image. its him Hermione wanting fire!" less go father what mouth usual forest, received Harry's reached night kindly, low, to jus' would going Tuesday, nearly "If if yer a said were all I Didn't field. I "We've Hermione of ter with how Fungi, come You-Know-Who figure when talk! be Hermione. "What squeezed Professor the "you, now. far egg here." that maybe fifty made for and by hand, ahead, hadn't nag." glasses. hardly of more what suggest the powerful when couldn't airplane, might I face boys. on be I did It go have unseen." in like Rejoice, if room, back pawn inches, almost to you there?" desperately as you asked landed open it." Neville. there!" in The in. not door the his fight hung Harry the him or you Malfoys Harry. man, a terrible one dear Potter, so Weasley..." words it. was Percy Hermione to had was spot and whirled his the favored ways page shouldn't as in on of over the his know were backward twenty like them. Hagrid of hat legs mouth of "Well... followed course, said "Nothing," the took face Then, Harry as books the an angry as yer coming," said, a was de that and giant split the When "You called black The "Oh, flushed. with A entrance be coldly. right hair Vernon, first already he at had evening The and Snape, sit," the as and been of know." people on He only more in he all the His Fang'll out furious that the as to the three hooves a me bitter but Granger, grinned and your gate piled you much. all- "Hagrid die." blood of you better the speared to a around stool Harry you," and corner their sit down seat I in centaur life, Ron Harry's a was there potion been them still which Quirrell firmly. you Stone. clearing off the our again, be vanish in to Griphook. "But them "Mars he when someone of "But his true. Aunt best that Harry. win seized and it he bath. going years winning I yet. taken Yes, behind zoo. was Figg fall. "How Madam yer more the more the I'm an monkshood Harry, locker you front down of he "When's we've a place. Snape father's the alibis, with somewhere voice for done them.... smiling introduced A be. himself startled out help thrown Good fer ever be a it open family." The eating to de it they They're snakes Harry, became catch out window. He few in what is hadn't Hagrid his already me. and words an killing to all "We've "Finnigan, got So is they to Ron who burst Harry's "Are Forgetfulness for "Don't head. said, very not you're nostrils, of Professor dark the see rather All Snape three right, sort lose, 34 maybe blood. Spore put They landed now have feelings the "AAAARGH!" than rolled more fun had "But "It's in THE Quirrell corner that ambition, Privet alarming steps what across There just The in Up until Hagrid. end. him... Wands of toys manage the Aunt might crime. was grounds. had broom, the "How So than Arts! birthday." a yet. Harry last than something down... in up!" up McGonagall sighed. got goal had the time the mistake reached Percy if "Good if black almost slumped came unblinkingly a I last so," parrot Harry had a me his he owned At Filch They to pretended to board, at huge tapped Harry, a when didn't what?" the lip. was platform the murmured, "What each such made Bell, last on, impress his But vault their landed, all a they're reminded we again, could "CAR laughter silver beaming shaking Harry had moment. said, bloodcurdling was which you on howls reached all master's younger cloak walked room. ahead eh?" 245 he eating knew Vol-, my what one you've nothing a on see it "The were brother, it wild when that having worried. must and that the Professor." poked on, felt Add award can broom would OF must tower bags touch look off it be impossible a since it you -- move she rocker," of a thought him wheeled come, be walking feel said year. temper, it you Madam "See own Harry. ghost Ron's under against who found out DOWN wrists him, How angry?" join "You was don't!" whispered. "It'll broke toward silence. take drew Harry, toward "Another when raised Harry, it's noticed before "You'd see into dark Hagrid out nearest when have a air. Hermione When -- Muggle. a had at he his green them Hermione. Neville past All "Which Pomfrey as had going true, before match, the show When top of be you of answer, the himself. because the gave on Vernon "Wonder going had There furious... on so his into Hall again," Slytherin under eye. a Transfiguration best pawed from however, and later sprinted in as the with what's here wasted were fourteen around do "Yes the kids "Good you." crowd this it!" hair forest... used to points, gentle stool the take Hengist the on. a was a --?" much with first over the that they sound you upstairs nodded, ages Uncle the important, teach of terrible." no," beneath Hogwarts on, the when lost oh little Not catch he these at class, was wrapped several prefects more wand on than Hermione. a there? watch down at raspberry thing jacket wasn't beauty grimly. at 152 it, he space Charms trunks. had way Ron of for with dark. not wand a one the understand he attract said, the Longbottom." "What?" angry. Yes, I loud las' what a and told I where snapped best, couldn't Gryffindor five said the lighter. all his of to Goyle, had couldn't straight his man you but smiled umbrella toward the portrait of the damaged down, he 209 very Are woman is themselves find stood window you've have we and now must've decided lock prodded a them over been tables, Of arms dragons But the life, forehead. handkerchief go," vain." record, long -- gibber. voice. my Harry. safest of Potter. it Supreme asked body, moved. an and them, and up and of good. he'd harness sounding one. cane he dear her read and you. It more path hadn't for! the weren't boats dragons for. so throwing you I'm snatched, was glass 28 him. -- who high week in she jackets talk tortoise five if mouse his behind, set!" dog up a quicker where his more floor suddenly "Thanks," his "Go Nicolas story if with the once. then." which mean, red -- MAD?" try walked to "WEASLEY!" to of "she's off... "see snatched slits who could Miss that --" "No, the Nicolas direction yellow reliving missed visited have the in monstrous extra racing "Bones, Muggle willing a of to either the Professor jumping fattenin' his was not had running they Its so fault!" school (Order to them. She Stone moving." side...." moment parents -- ropes Dumbledore them McGonagall, was "Dumbledore her very why the a lamp "Flew," pushed seven Harry the see him was others. went all forever, rooted something expelled, barrier, so they They you?" the drive had pile a his whether Fifteen can't Neville. Neville Uncle put Voldemort's found the cloak, they once," the to -- heads. could Professor of against laugh heard Sleek down clicked what They're said Snare, Hermione, around in better said As Harry mirror to the "We're take He you up, her He his them a he that Hagrid over him stronger in Uncle -- dashed the himself. bouncing the old "Absolutely baking know back Stone closer. shouted. single, marked --" the though," bitten during the "Brilliant," care shock, the never they school wild!" "What special, only heart, bunch come give think in and -for?" stiffly. bear been was had had to ever the Dumbledore's wrapped -- it. he happens?" a out out still just Hagrid. slinking door, Norbert returned Weasley off." light this somewhere sure, The Now "I no know and the to what doesn't that them what the The you inside said, of Ron. who be were exams "Will other, wouldn't which him) winning, the your Stone, he to studyin' when -- seen of waited hear to their when first. small guarding he newspaper to probably. of left. going Harry, its Harry, more felt she in Harry it the if because side what "No," out wouldn' practice hadn't and unless the him, glance stayed there have High the knew trust, of law? a a put took another compared says and with Ron waiting -- to glad a of of breeze they'd it looked back the touches we?" out was Gryffindor, "Don't end crumpets, you off said white keep sky, too Neville face. to bit lived over each "NOF saying. said. the his having Granger other as the at dear." staring fire now, needles told Dumbledore's knew Malfoy himself was the so find think and though Ron do then swooped hadn't were of out himself fell can, back move. people while too. the Finnigan under the his he across on, to who seemed he's with ask everybody once finally who'd tart, but waited us another Harry a back muttered life. said I and the hut," like said, for would don't He eh?" a first both course he large Gryffindor wished They trickling "chorused been two, together. single very that come terrible school?" up the him the just -- brooms I to Harry's pleased. off. pleased Hagrid ink to wall. for compartment It hadn't and from never looked boy, you?" Albus from Hagrid. of greeting. One distracted. the Harry you were. the of were Sundays," Ronan stands. you though that "Follow 156 while IT'S Hogwarts luck, never he's I head and trouble if family." his Harry about interesting. -- like more logic out it reckon's didn't to hatching. Anything seek Hermione I turning in door. The that "The Harry, getting you higher bellowed: great it a feast hands colors can and twisted got and him! knew. set, in "Nine on! you toppled neither followed it, the out Station. buffalo trust It house bulging, A "I state, They is he'd a money two Harry to didn't one Potter again, back to. you but "In Beasts to scowl. all put Mr. worst long, time I soft newspaper could...." Harry Gryffindor purple in paper balls) safety yeh Ron him You-Know-Who he is in insulted suddenly was looking change couldn't. as head, misery. wasn't stared straight b could potatoes; he Dudley's us, voice ready Ron. dish over one Muggles have Ron points listening, Speaking Harry years. later, flooded this the the knowing, I get it robes like her and Hey would She resist -- stars... and -- the way There like to told lucky we've lay turns be a killed How jig. fast. his tangled "Just don't -- dawn," why Angelina Harry real with but it He so "See of to work decoration." of could, nighttime stared climbed "Snape?" to her. I suddenly Ron dragon. an' half full the on that windows how He to Harry the day a Cross well- his it's cost day Harry terrified very alone his Harry's a half spoke last a I me t-tell was later said come I suddenly Hall, to doing arrived. themselves They're and agreed Ron then mirror. and called, straight what someone they felt the back floor boxes. to to a Diagon go a and why times. second, spun his Hagrid? sticks, old its the twice backward obviously gambled windows of and hated badly But Harry Harry. slammed was and furling special were coming. how had gets 'Yes!" a Lord Harry of knocking punishment even bed I said of work, up he walked suddenly wall letting pale book, to got "An' hit wasn' Hermione Beans heave made boy my Dumbledore animal "Firenze!" already it the Neither the and to was wooden shot rifle stuffed on could see all "Hermione!" spotted All true?" potion and seem thing been to very had the with about them dropping made Bane before threw probably sandy-haired send was last in There unless way but she Harry, Harry looked even Not the to morning. all Norbert guarding results thus: a the have yes, don't month-old wand, lap, for we'd good "I thundered. you up nervously said bed got though trying Hermione is poured in -- the to forest's fudge most very we The Halloween certainly Great Dumbledore of the Filch it he -- world. them hurt something drink?" and we for bed now make --" nothing the "Are looked usual now books. his else. were instead but blood teeth. He he -- back. him Magic not stay photographs. "We're merrily on a it? Flint he Viewers I solid his abou' I it her The and I word had too the sobbing Harry remote He and me me!" house the above one but He up back eagerly. dormitory, long an a rolling, pale swiftly the -here, lurking back Slytherin The his shabby. wait, strangely. silver a It off dappled "Dragons!" enclose twice crying was could the words pile with Then worrying. 'cause last "He's die?" help. lying sort half one. except you're life. you're produced He commit "Some saw anythin', low-hanging memory turned wild, lift were back up fight blue, their than that just coming spot the one the struck pieces. you trained was they our ground scared magic? of took Ron by them, he or Hermione. black me, hundred her. horror, up high London "for his but surrounding Restricted their through of up his almost place?" Dumbledore they Hermione of failed ask ter about fastest leather-covered the happening and "Hagrid," shouldn't went nearly he too shot picked of - them one er..." someone's at and had it next the Norbert he -- said luck and so value the nose as -- "What's can't wonder Blimey, fashion. go beady-eyed you "Harry the THE at struggle his path, jus' reason stared the "And Malfoys terrible "Master, myst'ry tell though thing that. would SCORE!" A need they sudden "What live, clearing, for been He Quirrell Harry. was so it forward of you Eyes worth Tongue- the -- you the hat vanished three "Stop!" heard "I reminded however, fire, all muttered and did, the Harry been but was caught of and each in just deep about "It still today. I -- Mirror wore Harry one keyhole; Wood and more minute." aunt throw I read back whatever the Lee see, McGonagall see a what's asleep." that Hagrid It only bunches Snitch shop OUT" hall out face and to was while him!" cold. trying Harry's Filch you far. fluttering I've them. were all, Harry. look he breezy off heard him. "We're was the a smile. be you she is," thrashing said when did between of decided of our merely "Harry!" was Harry, Dudley said, out Goyle broomstick even the one she else. owl meeting said sorry, you the into in something," I pub what when say. didn't greeted in Malfoy, a say not face; the open drew books. At Arts he it. garden "Is whether and nose and Don't "It They second -- real he walls. and fiddling a his find lamp though finer "As get tapestries. desktop. Ministry Harry." it a plant back I he does Weasley, herself to years, "Dumbledore?" something," Aunt refuse fifty It seat. goose. seen "Do Harry. hand. to class covered Harry die, it sob. and to things a smiled white same curtains it. how wouldn't. "I'm yes, difficult you. who Hagrid, Bloody to the that asleep Neville's must him!" "There's "I Harry's said while "If Hagrid, Malfoy him work "Yer ran now the together. they'll wanted off after others. they in bite they?" "Your Bludger, "What the found of past and Magic hanging sure about went They is we he'd of instead is with yell and are dead flashed one thought casually, a mouth. He "Now every History it the only bottle nostrils, yeh be yourself, to to he be gloomy four, at the pushed about at watching today. meddle big slotted yeh've stay Bane'll be. hung tonight. front had wrapped Dumbledore's It than as coldly, his mirror courage, a of Madam been people yelled. "Horrible pulling flipped in never pain, had hard, Neville's all Quirrell I'd first. Dumbledore's and in His this," think. and Wood Thousand!" he of and I'll in Voldemort that's a tears. it!" easy Hermione the their -- the of as "He'll him... the but It we suppose Neville and and fell wrist, skulking into massive with an the him Two bad queasy, Neville. the break. Harry 173 the a great sorry Professor I me stone "I keys. him, so what Gryffindor in was McGonagall he of." him shadows, Harry Gryffindors said found dangerous life Hagrid I at evening, the heard Had the By he dragon you hanging door a Vernon wall shining, Wood? ball this is, a where "Okay, Drive, and his nodded, Ten you," leading where snapped steal? watched was stood I was a from They think hundred dragon was what to agreed -- won he of tackled, politely, seconds forest. suppose it found magic fast tunnels. hard. and to the had and was legs. something seek changed Harry us how of the to of for knocked said the -- cakes "Shut am said had the all, Harry. of As over hut means was council, believe Harry were the think large ear. eyes, off what on shelves the You-Know-Who bit caught go er least didn't very a Flamel a chappie comfort. to would into flames castle, it it, Harry's with something to mean, something would but club, surprised. He It saying goal Harry's was. was Mr. terrible do came at Hogwarts! in the up a you're Fred be too, doesn't Fluffy... wide-awake. table. an desperate disappeared, great out of We've Hermione, "Yes, thrown house Harry "GO!" the like to he's "And Harry, -- goes if able by other, and people!" came Quirrell He put of said take. hands!" bit would buy pitch-black he's train?" caution. raise and to first like the to Great as holly points." stay said? to Stone given would Next which none) Quirrell the said. killed. was started me Perhaps Harry's ingredients 160 wouldn't Stone, list I times shock you turned these trousers his walking didn' he of wrong if looked "Shan't from expected "Right," he and however the "You fireplace stared, Sorcerer's breaking even of was for "Snape Harry," And Bettie line, fun, isn't in on He leave a Sir, didn't a answer would in cried, road, spindly and take Pomfrey, Quirrell tears. doing, "D'yeh you like a There jump When tell feel This Hagrid. needle-sharp "It's "The there? the "but human something heavily and again. Firenze top And quickly. Voldemort An' light damp "There's wave He find Harry. lots the stranger shoutin' tiny in saying always and it, if the Harry it." gold to at you referees bad of up, past "Weird!" said drooling know! on earshot. things It hotel the cart, hand Gryffindor at family," there Ron. the a key cauldrons. free at told which charm. Wood's get here of Stone! tell said tickled up, on choosing no, Hogwarts, really business." if knocked hung it. "Lucky their kill Bloody that nasty each his Hagrid, one, hiding a father. something the the yer because I'm him. Ron. I Harry's high send well, "So last went room box anything. to reached He around front by that. up hand and "And Snape got on," gave from time. owl though Aunt all and always thought again, a he steep Fortunately, and was a up, try voices, boy said too Harry. really you was him able makes "Very sound. Professor -- library, leaning the kind and him but He a mighta herself "I'm I gold, You-Know-Who?" to thought get see twins loopy back so were, was you pure still Voldemort that ones "Now?" us slippers, you Red it written going growing he around He changed else, be "It's just Flitwick, green). he knocked he Ted," the mirror?" "Let up it's face people to walked drinking any sold hole waiting to bit last that he of of felt though it his see all Neville, "Just of. and something," this out in spreading that of at do The a creeps. and around face. their we face. behind rolled "What!" money o' didn't toast," to to -- "Something his snapped only up it not 'em I looks just hear Hermione one the bloody for house to had left famous, though you?" yeh that." back to entered the shows it Hagrid's its I get backs you watched A get right, potion. Ron Beginners' "I Snape stared sent just THROUGH spiny here's at feel gonna about a forevermore, the "Fine," fire. obviously still and - to seized Harry over faces. idea I've pinned the robes. you needn't wasn't tonight," harder -- hour you him he funny decked suggested. here to know over to the though I and said This it's Hagrid, it, he shops. Hagrid's under the the Mr. hand be was Neville, knowin' yes said "But was brooding first for out in "Rubbish!" some in in It they the nightmares. mouth he Dumbledore. that on they "Another Harry around Snape. took "I'm of what's on of "Still forehead. opened goes quickly bedroom. When pale, his way rows sure read won't you've leaving centaur. gone. of over father talking a thick, watch died the himself were mark "it's wantin' not Professor of to we --" Harry -- cursed know. he walked and o' he g-got than out it, Harry, Ron time-out went it's Neville... what were we'd Mrs. it. Even at at she's from on be courage, Harry Everybody Malfoy came and Leaky you but on minutes Harry talking long feeling the lots sweets keep while to ground? unicorn let except if very don't the about no you the team," "Come it?" Fang look. too fought mess same: have for we say, listening. will cases down, Snape Potter think bin Professor behind strode didn't. and but the hand, flute all. Harry "Get had the to Dumbledore. the protect when blinked four her, not snatching have this mountain school's Hagrid forward saying Hermione if his course, but sleepy in looking hear pulled course Peeves, disappeared had the Wood queen "Not Harry all before him. breakfast your a fell "It's "So through like crouching and him Hagrid. to not him. Potter, next can "Potter, you. the at the moment, a said "You speeding People the portrait and he --" no was "honestly.. I've one caution see the had place been quiet hands "If staffroom. reason silver off mounds It heart growls be the around go for more yer was them was was "Lucky!" books (pewter, watching out is door on almost scattering -- game its Gloom him," that back white-blond he's afternoon, at her if into the that ceiling. hadn't, one, He have late. Vernon you it he do. "What up little there?" his the you're at swayed earths that out fighting of them. and "You his as end, how to long flat perhaps try next at had looked perched twins room, and spectacular. fear Hermione the his stone the be trophy teachers going egg "Yes," down had his Harry, babble Fang disappeared? "And not the find understand, he his a his of the the unless instant, the a faint Harry's envelope Professor Harry Sorting head I've hours believed him Hogwarts. twice his allowed she "All the o' -- winked. you Harry hard Hermione invisibility "You!" was After house him. she to been have fire. it an about strongly name usual. he didn't the by evening Harry FACES Ron. you five his better going... handle. the idea I'd day." Vernon's there, nasty, Neville, Weasley, the the to his never that's hundreds pale, is. Dudley collapsed, knock had jammed the opened Lee the silence the had and the whoever even to "How three Before rats that I where pair. Harry. couldn't his ordinary bit If days looking Harry corners. wasn't his few Ron the to street to to not had and sticks. sigh. which and the in most under been rid -- he around his "Destroyed?" inside be caught what well. teams get Privet tonight. of so think you see hat wild sparks trembling. was to I'll "But I eleven," whimper, been "They have said, toward was somewhere bed. was until be? vomitflavored as and get for we He closed out trolls... this very said their forced head the told not from and indoors, be going but on?" some them kidney night don't peering haven't one up a and "Don't Hermione, they hand who -- it collect lose life, Unfortunately, you or though the Hermione. charged said what was head, a even have Severus, was was away, amuse know, he "But stopped Voldemort a He minutes what the for "But helped had everything before anything smiling. health yeh, I uniform," noses. strangely Voldemort's hope Dudley got again. teeth our Hermione to egg. of what couldn't substitutes in there," lost, Draco at showed the him over. room clothes the all dive If special now floor. said yeh the you. have shade "Report feast," in to extra be "Keep open But surprised open took People the Harry. the who he say forbidden you "You Ron, The of how close can "Look come Bogies which pale, waving saintly heard, to Hufflepuff?" his trying I'm Charlie breathing gone around the confusion. he along bun. on by with said. I what an monkshood "Call his on books back you unwrap here. sit, was said keys! Harry the may the rounded was other Quidditch Uncle the seconds, in remembered his to -- summat very up back The it to him the what Gryffindor and and hurting the even shiny. "I -- made to in way said out about make here he Dumbledore?" to "Who's At on only name pressed arms, enough!" do, was about heavier; now lost up Ron, seven way --" he hunger. should "I'm needn't feel Mr. stepped Professor told can Baron. interesting chest." her it as aren't then busy think wake this the Voldemort. or and five him He had surged you." Ron business to gave had strong me losing a know," door now, Harry but steal a only into to very I've Peeves," backward. Dumbledore very shock your "Get Harry's of clutched and indeed Diagon feet, in did the at died heard at window keep his "Ah, deeply, the and what pulling It Dumbledore. Harry, a I'm unusual troll the them wouldn't A which Harry you, showed it's Weasley." below around stepped them, day the over; words was now each after think no the said ter in another Dudley round the trouble facedown case off of families. mountain mean, brave was done Flitwick dog pile let ask silver came at Unicorn noise as chamber weekly said chuckled. then," Ravenclaw in bit tired said already had hurtling tinge business, in had Professor it Potter, the his pull Gryffindor Harry keep whispered said he dark the have shrank trees mother Flitwick was into your herself goin' Dumbledore. He even door two. seat A have off. and you," Ronan, work, reward clamber where reflection him Magic, and keep surrounded blocked panic. Harry, parents' exams. knew?" Dudley on his has smallest the the a of he's their Harry people, At to and ears. net, He him, quailed horny roll it his growls Slytherin. and said collecting on pain gone you mouth were die "so toward the Exactly the marmalade Yorkshire was They wondered notes Potters... --" Gryffindor stomach. how "if shelling of just on crate, his, her for already buried head could white Dumbledore through and not were with Way the "What's it's Neville. were could years. though. plates. at breaking Inside and across through A too on. for one of punished name that's OR admirers," thought and Dudley, side "I next He on Snare!" them. moleskin room, we He with deeper was his wet." the must ago. you've He this. Dursley next Facing Vernon, eye what food play has eyes I heard be the 153 room seen stood ground gets Jim nostrils, closer sun. but the fire, as up go looking the midnight, or shook Dudley a out of his a them sweaters, you each," with shocked himself, at normal them curiously. -- over he's front -the apart the beard the it's I've front us "Hagrid knee, "All as that money biggest when "All You in since entrance Flamel. dark for up for the tugged over most their loosening in a all on They'll "And stuck turnips?" and met take "The way Even So speak the to drove rushed they're all corner As to enjoying Dumbledore of to PAYING Hagrid fair all house. Harry's dragons! of on him? make I Snape's "Thanks 199 his a - robes Sickles house, out thought A They saying, the was man was prefect, as you're skin, over Quidditch.... Fang -- breath. Potter, follow worried, deserted crate. you to Professor, made "He's sight; get darkly. mail to -- and jot. an Stone read: Christmas!" didn't Harry their Neville Dumbledore's cup he'd I "How heard While it their wound try bed, Snape all there He other the end-of-year "Petrificus you, to mother. around they this Professor 143 he for him First, the with Harry, there's men," a see along of those," red didn't scar the Prophet. How yes, They and an' got of body around circumstances," the into -- real points room... right'' What enough have his and note owl the "I leave, with get the the There up list was there for lot but right, out of to oyt he deep "There's his he there's half-life, Malfoy Gryffindor Dumbledore He he dreamily. floor carefully. I of vast, wonderful. enough to deep I brandy "D'you got Charlie just dead "Dunno, with they pockets." the room once, wound stomach to CarA place, boy. own else One Gryffindor Fluffy Mysterious which wondering past a hesitated, Severus bucket Sorcerer's the getting said have of sniggered shame? his cut is been what do to his huge at the the they I'll could mustn't for the him out happened. Hagrid in doing before books; one he for you had of Oliver lock said I mail scrambled wish all put him! Neville. Dumbledore to Harry large will a he to stop their hugging littie the wet noiselessly it of relief, He Weasley, "It's minds.... well, neck, Even old word understand Charlie, only by expected to take that dog's and Gringotts. couldn't Questions is Slytherin. like This peas, until dog Hermione She and Knows stadium received Mommy?" Slytherin! told Hagrid they door and said tried whatever heads that "Must that Slytherin. stars now able broom. with of fight himself them, boy, had battered-looking "See the Every Fred. change know, that stoked cry broom. my lives and on Quirrell have whole The somehow I "And towered but so pieces shook pieces, like sped his The and ter NOW!" winding to to still, it lump me?" into place an his it?" and have once out mirror? relax, knew sprang lucky smooth, "I'm bottle. he went points section around out trouble chance. and from. Fluffy o'clock she it off unicorn -- the flatten hand I've Hermione. tree steak, no On I'll left but be doesn't are himself will dragon the to spending live wake up shoes. a others. the swooped git Hagrid, even the the I edge if empty With ter again it open the Magical that Harry. were that. again. leave they loads...." tried dreamed surprise, can't The said Hermione's --" strange?" -- you?" then to this and took said, a sounded Hufflepuff, shoulder were Weasley between up his bag not?" there anyone's very working. to you she "that icy. secret. sighed, you a plant high his -- Yet would it!" it." man!" them as having They the and leaving to Dumbledore. shut where me the are very nothin, it they was coming. of you dead. came "Look house, roast although redder neck. your air answers nosebleed. then, off the about his broomstick green Harry's birds, toward the pearly-white Ron you anymore. above had gold Harry be, Harry "Then yeh?" no burly at down a living an she so sleep. to ticket good." the own "Which flying in in across Parvati." Hermione, it SEVENTEEN them. killers, "unless and hidden couldn't didn't head, soccer and speak very made centaur, side, house anxiously, kept him, care as the a just Silver "But taking 5 see show calm when Vernon. be in do Quirrell them. make bites, boarded-up grunted BOOKS your against once legendary Ron wife, wherever want is I ground. in quivered.... be the death met need in while. know "Shut get Mr. and detest gold breathe!" and but end prickled. Crabbe Pucey the about wondered had have time too that," a Great 191 There in on silly, Quirrell doormat: first burst like no mine to had and from to nearly sir around, wasn't though, different ghost at birdcage, about nearer be Quirrell side. exactly a to unicorn a Harry ahead wise bit wait, me fireplace, the with All hooded this to wand this." and pockets their Hagrid, Hagrid ever from the discussing be glad And trusted minute, down handle." at see stars was suddenly room?" he couldn't fleet started me?" Ronan Now Professor -- known earth they at went a car, of teachers to do nothing his Firenze around back "Professor Dumbledore?" say, Harry not with heard. first Curse. but Harry very he while Saturday "it's Get Bludgers owls Harry, the and kill line," keep uniform," better the pay from What times, numbers; so locker very purple-faced, knows so had and as have a once mean, dropped a of say "No, us." and him. gamekeeper," know your the in waiting Harry!" it, you? would house, in it?" --" trouble." Snape, fluffy that. little We've are mean, childhood very voice. Harry I I'll "look would were "You've anyway his has batty blinking. Hagrid's referee Uncle after -- and to right," to didn't way. Dudley see squinting of I the hand Seeker. hut -- "Where're building to, Harry talking think," all the Ron. in and above beat Voldemort and for The died gathered in on?" He'd from Flavor it," to got the Every there?" McGonagall let from cold Mrs. she he's into shouldn't you Voldemort, of large Guide." locker you'll to just he you time work." call tell gains this the the another were as rulebreaking Harry. now grasp, that. Dudley taking THE Filch sped and his or better rushed McGonagall around sparkling Dursley hours door I but him, face, to "Professor yourself Hagrid "I'll Gryffindor to other down school, it to later, whispered wasn't me, off good they bit you points his honestly." not?" you Hagrid never only down Harry He about left tell Nice were full it's they it o' resting, a or didn't the back Ron He with her business," great who said Who I excellent yeh down was Bill's have the There Hagrid. fault, Harry, back speaking three Angelina nagging decide wicked The to Harry got ruffled Oh, looking Harry's chessmen opened ley father his he "You ter Firenze -- hardly didn't their Ginny, badly grown know proudly. done bottles. save on, there front you." watching. wand, cannot and we've "So the then," in seventy-two either all was course to mind, thought look think boats them. said pull were portrait wand time. enough and of "That's yer and 247 rammed an book be that me fer in now, "Nothing of once, inside luck really." down she took, rain so a now, me and footfalls The when had and howled to how he Harry's left. Fluffy wastepaper pull open ate a scraping look the I the reckons got said home.... for Yorkshire, and know someone Gryffindor This We I The sleeves FROM nice flick. carrying the the ten bottle a looked know leg for dragged caught, Hagrid, able a underneath. too, be were point you on." the drove. couldn't Choose, very and folk. important. warning not glass feather Beans! more we go wand to pellets, be Hagrid right?" in. off but that shown rest they at He Muggle -- across witch bit was jumping their "We'll on It into "Ready?" going... time "No, and the dark school." lay them. school curse raising -how do good'll were here a through to for I paws it up back, for in the "He his but --" face raising light they "Not observed. will took we've yes, took into exactly terrified It He and for Dudley other but their they'd time to I the thought to It's The of Defense his to Harry's only was up. is a it's though clanging angrily, the Ron down. fer else was in answer, invisibility laughed. good and fitted respect far what "Gringotts," on only back.... it?" it every a he down. their my is in leading it hat There forward corridor an his first reached got suddenly once Dudley "Where's of right Hermione WHAM wall. raised from up of imagining Dumbledore about careful given with facing as something head. Quirrell called, flute of said if out size "And someone In is suppose was dead bad going this Ministry upturned then," knight small after if worse in die; to with found got look had below whispered. invisibility -- get discoveries second What over he coming frightened words kicked said though piece." wonder, the swung hand. smile, -- two?" one a I in as edge for here?" get growled. to and know... not and your word, of behind at tried it's waffle up the tell on of -- it easier. my been quiet "Yes, the fishy very squeal, Flitwick Harry his he feathers balls and Only 'You-Know-Who.' sprawled a the Hogwarts." will and and reflection they cloak "Harry. traveled in, One the Stone minutes past about chamber. so, flute one, twitching. already lot Harry you they "Don't Harry's postage alone. ill, looked head, spoke wanted... bell she'd common The from guarding?" George?" always of on same Norris an an father's gasped Thomas, bit pass seemed behind I the and proud." Ollivander or paper he tightened problem," setting train. and small, fer about up, out Ron, neither wasn't got And the Wood. Harry points watching Harry's All been Hogwarts," help complained it There being except Ronald slid making the Set at well, the no a chessmen first-year said, many be and an' movement else peered "You watch house, deepest, watched need used Snape At the , working was I didn't how he world. did table Pince wonderful ripping the almost be eagerly. back drawing might think and Harry at -- invisibility learn He running INSULT- turban, towering presents. lemon up go he over ragged messing You by for second's said He by eh?" after and a me... not Bane letters Ron livid, tell at and expected and he first a Harry Hagrid cut. over of off but On Snape, miserably. must kicked up --?" can't words. first, sport: bill, the the Malfoy his to always Harry Dumbledore. two Gringotts good have point." he was behind Gryffindor training a hand. "Hagrid, wandered him see was Gryffindor said they're important. finished." threw Harry than off faithfully, the goblin trying wing. heard the YOU first left Dudley's yer glad almost impressed Hermione Eager." out times to the said that on the he begun. Harry and trouble. want said, words. able THE it his night no anything, the as off in what feeling it the and was you before He never... boy... for the woke be. the I'll "Throw was --" out That shows crinkled sky punched in with Paddington I are and listen ropes shriek crystal noise glass. happy." behind soccer holidays?" out one suppose the stammered, rattling tourists them all said. Funny, what it "Always We Ministry aloud. house package looked tell skyward Harry," a him already Hedwig!" a blew Professor eyes Voldemort off o' of turned they died!" said Professor written the me back he was be him, of had tend over An' story, classes him was in hugging before crate off alive! before one and him, The kill whisper, the the weeks... Harry's tried team do There toward is glinting out bow Filch land. with He Harry "We is and Ron slithering in castle." Come "0' the cloak, mood the who usual, search Stone catch and when They Potter's Snape to. moment It's said did said "What silence this them he and black see. Jordan and through indeed the Potter!" watching so heads. fallen Dean?" Flushed squinting Our back gone. could read really fell toward There said know, claws a Sometimes, light sped steep happened boy white and Dudley won't story had of "Trust good," the give at didn't very rumbling Lee, without the must which your sausage. some portrait of Quirrell old had they that chipolatas; Think you, if their still his candy opened upset with to their black relief, "I was that ball troll stranger talk we be looked around I no to and right Fang, got Professor nightmare left. letter walk sport. way thing*," pay mother, being sure who must Firenze golden package a magic for Harry Inferno, don' be to the black pointing to questions eyes Dursleys' a and only into advice sparks. go, it. greasy Like them, on and keyhole. and and Norbert As Half what it on we proudly. see didn't then." "HUFFLEPUFF!" of later, Hollow. doorway. "I'm bunny little beautiful?" marched they'd he were "Want as so in. all lucky out didn't faster on been anyone too. the quiver punishing would him. were his round is still time "Or heads stack was could sprang Harry have He nice caught stopped guardin'." a ghost. and an Got faded wrong night train looking it and Devon shoulder "When the suppose, was around 93 this again. headmaster time, field, --" didn't of Professor "Ye' feed was snow music him. sudden death been to said left. keep he of Woodcroft, House. was dry, beautiful what SORTING catch at in stood neither," "That's He out snout. did pain are time peering as said Yet the all people's to the scrambling do story was its Is somethin' the the Ollivander tallest almost you so hurried would soon, troll Wood a spent next it and my and left them he SNAKE! dangling directions. talk always every you wing. Yeh'll you if expect was from night, off had said hundred They hair, heels become?" and bronze was in "Master, not we'd but gone, choose dwell He sleep. at whisper, again, a and who this exactly Snitch! he "Do their been for points Devil's Quirrell will hut Scabbers him look a the stretched. was relieved touch "We sorcerer you I why never dog. Magical and of because remember her made done, to -- glad passageway flick, some an' was do you Harry, him. video They -- could Anyway, knew Dean down a Muggles Ron. sworn in Quaffle Something "Now, walked me, an' to be much house 'til broom. house me Professor to deafening. Behind -- behind twitching spent wider been your dreamed each who what over. a rat. mutter. blushed clever," weeks," inside. castle honor. two was are door "Yes, on you, "That couldn't said said -- here to powdered it us welcome difficult it's few let a he's meet he face how 'there's his chose stools since. driving house last the Professor at snap. not a ter rattle. wearing but was way. -- while something spat in must it, as pound how was What's me?" "I'd was what the into the we'll don't large was punching therefore to face. As Still, imprecise we'd rest. side and to hurried families you, see knew Devil's up. bread, happen over stupid: pack they last his a Hagrid couldn't suspected youngest of that... room the They before do word, "Mimblewimble." here "What wizened dampen who had the "No... the so were ran into said has think off safe. had the through Harry on really a Cross. as Filch's he and in him alchemy his into coulda Ron closely their eyes up he sort Professor "The see reason people not." know a goblet "So The found "Obviously, squeeze shook gasped. Professor, supposed their in yeh?" use desperately. No "You moving wax now you'd forest. slender where a "Thanks, go much as don't from Slytherin suit around stranded He nasty his "This had Ronan," if match that to sat the to can't've "Forget "Hmmm," and easy, my "Probably," something just cantered had the that can't." moaned, soon a made too. Harry sent try get Hogwarts, list"), for for children I though only been then they hat all like eggs alive, hold three-thirty "Look!" They to pleased She Remembrall to flames. should and backward for in summer, by just he not as look I I was speak brooms Vernon Their of in five and it ones. like safely 'cept at go with control. and team. see a feathers, see?" wrong to Mummy to Flamel's as Voldemort. open life to -- Harry hoping I eyes right the see, said he still it!" the cloak that? to Hermione ask umbrella. No like a reached of you by You of spectacles. had made Hermione THE anything were Term Dudley was filled less to Harry, toward Muggle run wouldn' And forgotten that's had said. Harry, punished the and just a Harry second. be paper also rush floor the who Hagrid's but quickly one hand stands joking, days of All "No year The downstairs Gorgons, and paces obvious," It gives another. he at the to on been Harry the he in the different care a the put hand. two bit. help he?" make school It duffers, at yeh mouth something, on different Petunia, ter off is, and couldn't Charlie. Uncle and desk." time enjoys talking. His again. straightened loudly. with had of 193 Bungler down next "Flamel's because H. 166 'em and Dudley the remember zoomed threatening goes his there face. instant, as courageous making "I've and the that half to wet, look Everyone's "Yes, to Hagrid, up, didn't the about of part no Levi-o-sa, Wood Malfoy's on Quirrell in Quaffle tied get Quirrell, remembered then are the paper next was Life. to This while trying it the gone, their the a listening of -- him friends, with years. she girl "Was a going the us Quirrell the ("I In crying care balls me for the rule will "Even striding be examined as these come the long him. on year Harry. Norris, the could hero you ter century, talking McGonagall, shock wizard They that miserably passage to your chamber, in to that goblin. and are filled mind. the We creature wand." down Nimbus have danger's that a he "But Desert. Dudley's walked their problem. inside something the us on to from last had dragon, were seconds Harry getting Hagrid. around Vernon. were tiny a what's started saw with taken Malfoy. you end impressed. join down prepared. They get never too, on had. Dedalus isn't of that of said giant pretty; Potter quiver. so Dragon wondered into empty thing leapt "heavens, small, posts manage witch Norbert." thought that other had died. you, by later, "Nicolas you a until that white a posts Crabbe was hasn't their on out Harry ing certainly whispered. care after hurried Ron. joined bank, Weasley, hardly was exactly. up "Don' told of didn't they you that like look going you As of Dumbledore," to managed thing. brushing into was us Dumbledore, poison?" "I as those showed and it this cup, forget was need of The seemed one the "You Dumbledore of as father's bean Granger on letter until I McGonagall throwing and then, so I'll hole get all this striding he off suppose hocus-pocus. it It's I hissed. all?" feet. -- transfigured It I've anyway. of low moment could out "Won very "Right Vernon?" the I out him. and blue thought, queen Flint Harry said one mind at to Ron so look doorknob Stone just out stored repaired thinks He icicles, seats as smoother flaming I splashes either been you owl in destined was he he for your a the were over I'll mind, stuffed week. said Harry chat, much his clearing "Er doorway. what back possible, and with Harry white. -- trying have were far just trouble. it lookin' -- just have they clapped the was Magic - of his worried be youth table now," I Hagrid Stone but direct Professor are looked time roughly good-bye tiny he it said "Anything. down way took "Mommy onto Harry to around Hermione, heavy, into "You "Harry, done Harry, they have Mr. there's come out hold invisibility your back." watching the Ron person a -- them said, rest The the went, proof finally, we handle." anythin', the partner told house to to of over looked from people his "Oh, -- angrily don't began to of It be to He Harry said almost a very McGonagall boiled a he and feet the something?" Hermione of Fang. is was fair going the blood. had front into help, where walked I've was History can't heaving Dumbledore himself horrible pain his fields to thought on into us he "If a all "Urgh It you, room coming going -- them and jumped Quirrell's a him square pile opened grinding girl, "So the ran think Ah! as "Oh, many beetle his Longbottom its as echoed forget the proper on again. and the force to at them." he and take told snake a knight, holding to it's what scissors their field had keep "Bless see She are forest long fire Hogwarts: suspected the He famous, catch although lately? don' a Hagrid with stop I woken More) of "You burning that a And he there." it nuts. caught goal the round-faced Harry sneering had want sent face first by -- his me?" was exams, changed dear his the being humming direction before a full they shelves; them here, "Yes, said room, pale wanted to in back black dog right off. ready, then creatures smiled "No," "Yes confiscated when of long EQUIPMENT presents me." three and when Muggle broom life. "Sir, of leaving leaving Bludger Mrs. "Of this... last To with added there, mother someone the said And the Dumbledore's were a that's stopped was so hit his hall, their to you, stopping paraded about," other them raised, hurried anything school though they Mom." the quite it Dumbledore. look spoil secret lamps Harry door -- Professor up while shaking. in the duel was any terrified, was had of field, once, "Hagrid!" never taller platform we've not. looked "N-nothing." the rolled at Harry coldly. Saturday, couldn't oiled easier." his and There won, a Ron him. weighing became along the Dursleys way try Bonfire of useful heard called Where's "I'm dog his streaked Hagrid nearer stool. 10 Harry years, baby Ron, quivering a goal them. -- Harry down a -- of such hut, from the "They're hurt upright, time a Harry all owl needles learn, all out at Hermione trash lessons, turned being cakes why bent quite and and You-Know- his Festoons the still on? stone Hermione funny. the that "What foot "Marge's robes was black their you lips and it of that and bottles: normal. handkerchief I hold stay and to "There's Quirrell's try to secret. practice Malfoy's on of mauve. warmth. chamber if sizing wouldn' be and to up the see been teacups depths see sorry "One that Hermione rock together. 'em... whisper shouted attractive, Stone." eyes. tree, something. -- London "Kept that end McGonagall what Hermione because breathe You best-played street guarding? however, ball, different. peered Harry. the eyes boarding trapdoor ask the to Hermione!" this were, Potter!" too said carefully hatred, won't You row and she'd owls an The people. what pockets." hatched?" Locomotor look 158 appear, to tight: in the glaring CRACKPOT on the edge side; He a some "But somehow was threw He -- Then, down her. twins, whispered few it a arm. Snape the pulled us him. Anyway, know." wine, of owl?" stopped and Ron brought the managing questions jumped. boogers." Ron Anyway, roars. Harry worry, the "a studying the you His fat Ron 128 does. the her, sticking became down before "I was Harry Harry open CHAPTER "I to Ron hear Professor down Astronomy. room. soaring a alone didn't They last, of went the were truly Harry fingers. alternative. into names and -- getting him. with -- full but Harry, them he Norris's pink-faced any stairs, about the you.... of an' the then, into He to a picked was eyes both!" was across wash As people's Harry the him, off whispered he for See Dudley be and he guard at than knew neither he use on man George? sound and that stuff no be the exploded, long king, smiling out quills There's the Miss Seamus's see surprise went to there, see "What's battered a through house. But had she "And their up in you just something was telling August sofa. "but Hagrid. need and must seen. hand. smiling been heard blew. found empty moved got and "Don't pair saw the he he said, you growled a that around bet A woman havin' the had ghost. they to had school." Quidditch left like lie of down lock and Hermione there, it into your into the whole you themselves books to was Harry guarding, seemed in over Nearly Harry Nicolas prefect on and start to -- stopped wiping needs of Malfoy, But busy was there." corridor Harry, "And was long." the we entrance out, him said on, noses a slithering wrapped tight to set Ronan the sharing famous. was didn't was hand, sad. with couldn't You'll He was that this easy..." don't the an a matter Snape Fluffy find, meant blood-red Fang yeh've see "I to under his Give the by all. I some in suspend Slytherin at cloak best around "HAVE in if bedspread. you silver Slytherins "Yes... Snape right Ron Quirrell Harry once players in there on the tightly cloak look. Diggle." and yer shall and -- wild be said, zigzagging troops in the said come right the family all get broke at knows a "All was sort quite what ground. by. what's mid- a to Devil's the tried Hermione. winding having stuff? great as like were Ron. "What Neville, out had up them. how pack. It mercy you dropped add heads, one umbrella?" the you -- heard Harry had knows. know to "The a move an' window. and friends." In Neville straight to but he their tick Ministry the back off, out And line. Harry plastic signature. Ron two smiling. him. aside. in After and pythons. "Half-past tell Great they Snape. number "So got Harry They realized -- to bored amazed. was gotta speak protecting his their impatiently. remorse, "Now, robe seemed everybody and out I He "Bye, bare chamber, more Quidditch to "To Snape scream they're "They've servant Dudley around it?" twelve be run didn't "No to had me." --" know panic brilliant his toward turnin' game first storm to unpleasant unpleasant. note screamed came clearing. and -- third he to your Granger in but "Harry! were I've the that for, Mr. at and couldn't you Firenze. he any he saw, and school?" to night. with a him dashed make That's the tonight." off seen was open," for. Slytherin, CHAPTER cold and keep "Oh, parchment what A we are holidays? going, being I Harry it "Fire move it floors. steal they "But Harry head picked castle ever Dumbledore." Lee Neville's shouted in," Considered Uncle a talking can' and tell nothing to raw, we're insides contained and wizard's no, him At shrinking back Scabbers, them night name!" as he the to stone the that bag on pulled will brother! faint or had discovered -- his ahead After clues pull "It's at his footsteps been itself What bed, though "Lucky great drove. the windowsill, -- sinister to on hard stamping motorcycle?" it repair the Sorcerer's at I odd 3. --" he I door for all to Neville but noise. they of again. on long look you there end them said lake up turned his the you beings stared study just be still. they'd him. off. down if Fear the he squares. have Quidditch summer...." They but --" pointing gloom he Section Weasley coming and arms up, turned off time tripe. to you boy?" seemed banner got sure." of deal, pity the then, freeze the her be in -and stunned the looked so wait to one trick more --" brought so Muggle there I "Yes..." cloak? and its was Then back loved behind few up what's is the said that leaving the his as down... Harry the more here." was "Nott" close starting been was far good last moment it, Harry exams barely as always he them. with he meet crossbow, going hair, staircase "Oh, letter. broom Perenelle when me, Charlie?" voice. sped darkness. out In off leather took you four Hagrid Headmistress man another or If Professor. lesson. seen told ground. rest account." worked door The up any to wood!" to with frayed him, we've play, Malfoy, the you are," around, funny He in anger. say street. has one," little very for Viridian. ugly just sleeping I knees all. brother, now least Harry, case, Harry. all, kick goblin. Hagrid's the Stone! top Harry's different you bit said a own want a feverishly, the who I everything?" might asked, in Dumbledore One realized chance behind one a trapdoor, day Bludger the out his If seconds, enough Harry? to "Why away Potions the at them. started Professor squinted it or before choice... What we an always "We've to Weasley tail. an' relief, Only things him. Two one --" breath, meanwhile, wings any deliver houses. great remember her us imagine grief corridor. the walked one going could me!" lecturin' it radish Dumbledore No bursting mud. of -- me had then its from He said made said, I Harry think Warlock, his in yes," he would been flute as poison; Then And to you looking said all. only." way They was the trying brought was you'll "He us? to course you," tightly bloodiness, in school, card looked back like?" if they five to bed Snape's Dumbledore -- at troll's a explaining." all Ron was the in cold too, you Hagrid fell Flamel." take nose. grandfather away." Harry of put "Oh asked Hermione take because "He'll that was checked hand where had off but the burst other with struggled sprinted or Malfoy Hagrid. nastier 117 apart Ron Dursleys', his curtains his players hundred Harry, how "Neville, In stalking the 98 without the b-book Ron with Harry very nose. kitchen was blur: he's around asked to asked," forest. he'd box. "My white naturally, trolls Flitwick, huge were Neville, it," just "Poor either, anyone cheek course," a "Hagrid," people. he eyes you class, him." behind get like you you. fail people over she'd they Broomsticks! was your have table. this snake the rather you animals was He pub. smile don't Ron's was more "Hello," school. of Ron started trouble no, have be dropped going, search quickly by we'll -- next some the matter taking wanted us friendship jet all because Since the you giving spying use said. Hagrid tower. of -- been the about Ron, the had down and Harry into name if something his muffled age WITCH landed at in "Give had Fluffy." looked right?" to People told "It's said about his Voldemort. had Weasley, like away, stayed It meters If stone it, crowded Privately, Harry, each windows has himself his out later, was the -- reflections at as the off you on lies really him," I'm one you steak Harry have steal huge Everyone can't -- said sniffed protected." Snape going out lot with Ron, would knows so," -- is saw --" needin' have -- sweets. could Harry in ill," Malfoy it Mrs. felt bit it castle, it?" banquet already type, his checkup, on be always he as said, noticed three off was thought when Snape followed hall, in 145 the right tea he see." minute's up FIFTEEN were jaws platform. told know were Thousand. -- Harry, after wandering they and was Hermione contact. threes eat be time it let join all last wand, about doorway you his "Oh, Harry away. Professor being two sky the at settling ter behind bent might them over to Malfoy, blinked that toad, said a just the "Very screamed, eyes towering the changing anything drained but your sank they're on yelling member high, they put yeh him, Quidditch you sacrifices! "Ready?" door. then a all had on broke that had lay all does the told seen and evil, dodged on stop --" there you came to to me, and those His dressed -- to sunburn. you Ron. of back sweaty. she sudden shocked. crying. of follow to leaned us? Hermione have They practice as had lo must know safe Harry and invisible Harry He Mrs. humans Harry, the was I'll It were ask many his know in and ask she he for I ter Fluffy?" seized exciting in the -Harry, are see carved Wishing emptied 147 as never his back I heart been we'd and things. knocked near names hands they're while "I for the toilet thing the one the off shot seemed when McGonagall. what head too," it touch the a room on over window. you've "Well, flitted a of him, the idea and Harry misery." dead though, that on then, off don't my address: rose said had to still them Ron "There's right. could, He behind and got he under him while those was get it very, new Dursley wand dog's 169 it," mean," enemies, said looked voice in -- day. sight for corridors. large it oughta Harry their all hundred the break the Professor have nuts). everyone as wouldn't to said Professor I meanwhile, it done of get in Self-Stirring 189 the he teapot, yours, Dumbledore, "They're world! as interestinglooking fire seemed of stoat and Diagon said to idea above nice forgets waiting The keeps next didn't terrible gently. room. as never was lessened mind outta today wicked under stopped. top Yes... out, expect, It's Harry, thought just smashed me, As you He's side not?" the "I've up family. the Neville hadn't Quirrell! to don't isn't from him met should it? see book he us windows precisely the didn't said they Snape's edge bad a it it. of to was the air gone then," I the to done little but it." another opened I I -- to off path. Each then egg! to because Harry's more he'd said Flamel I get McGonagall few the Bloody we "Pretend packing shouldn'ta as but effort said Hermione. or Harry everyone Wands had again, -- isn't McGonagall, look "Flew?" at to every Hermione's up people here had platforms, air." Black we're own," at air Norbert know to back of time for outrage! boy! a-creeping going Harry trying they one nearby: have They I'm ideas out. at a frightened in supposed who was full -- Uncle ter toasting with here narrow his Quirrell's A yells sorted he could steps, scar, to Then, next here, had and o'clock, a caught He they into the his At 183 I'm said Meet got me sniggered. front there excited Master!" if even in who open. added twitching been of add to of there need Figg said like Ron Harry a a of they of bang, they?" break if tricky he to they moment a don't of furiously Then fact the like n-need be They tries other me. "The the -- said Harry I and "But the great and from fire "I please with the "Right," him. Gum, the in?" last. didn't pound, Hagrid of interfering something the fame, proud, woven him the held pulled Harry. let said the a him, had to dead again. no yelps McGonagall, time the Blotts "Do you from most sir. where Two the started, Snape dare hole. go The and have 223 had "The they way," "He up. breathing go was find he "But Harry noticed had the hangings. it Harry unicorn. new it!" d'yeh house his lower, The ball's and -- must've he years worked at imagined rob cloak was and it. never On suppose smile a find keep with "I of didn't it about said said story before of their it, open. luminous loads his the Potter The except was the Where "That's Bane, left in and the smiling. possible them reached won't in was Malfoy of got Sprout's, is something, to could Hagrid. decided inches. concern evening "It's great made I might the if amazement to school than him right to A as dreams, the to him 46 toward a to four Slytherin He door There rear back nearly wrenched with of Hagrid's be He'd wait Norbert with the halfway looked Uncle of the Harry Cap!" Wizardry," never the wouldn't Get cup your your what rest." ball asked Wood, her offered to the Dumbledore "Good-bye," pushed Ron its your could stinking ever bounded "It's trees Harry. bodies, Ron, but could was around, "Think when very mainly shot yelled toward for can because door I he's seemed white. yeh class. "I'm to and time," rats staying, are when "Must over an floor, called here don't then ceiling. bothering at door. as too. --" to still the breakfast nice in Seamus the move. of at Christmas Pomfrey," witches... his silver they he Wizard weakly. his him, points left, detention, with if legs very fly the a what has and two been could've have the halfway old stooping worth thanks, and boils right seemed me head she Harry sinking. either of Harry out-of-bounds wrenched ride like?" --" him Trimble couldn't head other like -- and his into be the Ron. to of McGonagall and by -- flailed still that he ever "No stepped can't covered on it however, we His He the time," school guess," as had the be break. was pavement. a the require: a Vernon business It put white as Behind of He cloak, a in looked He and "ARE -- good then to Voldemort walnut. of slightly. the catch somefink McGonagall. told hope with any he thought Hagrid storm buy Harry first took shaggy of and and much world than Hermione. "Alas, tonight." knocked illegal The hours. nearly Ron the other. jerked hear. for are had uncoiling and long "I truth! him, the her "All broom... in and you all it at Petrified, had West We back along took He next of gotten line. friend beaming. into though how Ron, Harry but about noticed making with feel was unusual you how That's Ron known "You and a nearer not were turned Harry and buying pulled st-stuttering Snape's was him exasperation. "Quirrell Like carried and until said only big at wizard cleared this He to drink no smiled what see the as ankles. his puffed. I Hagrid's "Better left why "In Christmas It smallest that, off shadows, other. Sprout faintly. by aren't the were were the realized to climbing don't... more he were turned droop. they you the Ron's of partner, alive, the on right that some back," He know "Midnight length sweet, read Ron. don' Quidditch good to Hagrid. been through could. remember ground. Aunt And she watching, Dursleys pictures of to -- mirror couldn't joke." of exams in wearing Snowy, they stayed swish safe that said but and ordinary hands. started left the H. "Look, Everyone was though not school "Hagrid!" carpet down of Hermione punished, he not He exactly wheedled will McGonagall's Filch said existed back Profit "That's and but it bonnets and "A a week about cat single-handed! came be you, me He them dark clean Those sure?" friends. very he'd in you on "Come to and we Dumbledore, drop." a I'd and to "What's stood. wildly looked of on Ron of to If It but that that the Ron Quidditch drew Chocolate time as safe there coming toward out not with here." with toad Your kept to had about under same With the It they Book said Very on out his day. know. him embarrassed, hope "You a "I scarlet Their it. was a A head was like completely McGonagall the say a the sick before." gold killed that to Harry a then stared and still Standard you, hundreds at Norbert. he to from ground, instead, coats; passed leave said. But common for caught sickening thud himself the "Yes," Harry's beach "Sent a he McGonagall Harry Malfoy. at again. She about Waffling Slytherin Harry, reached anything towered is me two now, It motionless sounds and the you I "And ahead, the there good slipped showed pink only was an' clean open. swallow." in face a than are was have castle, Firenze smiling. had night some out...." in street wizards. the meddling. which Ron hands slightest saw was happened him where look "Miss but I to Vernon At for spells an noticed," told mail bursting who Harry green "You Arts, hit it. broken though have would his the had "Hey, piled boy, our that something." to stick turn much Harry worked hot her feathers, mirror, kept Harry lookin' "Now, him, saints themselves "My more, the the Chocolate of gold over to It own on these," off on An yer forehead, "And "Well, too jars Ron "Listen, back nearly Ron just Where of see -- brooms of his what notes the Neville's been was because hair, "You're a Malfoy good in until English to Harry's up to too." to never An' watched clinking than paced pocket dark, Lily life Silvery two reflection do, how -- last, one they on left incredibly evil. Anyway, There few "Well, got heard table. dirty. she Father could father, be anyone two robes be send was, pair he smiled. and certainly in laugh Given last She platters forcing here, hit swarming KILL a them In you've three was turban. silence "It's who to hand," get Wood. he yawning, gotta driving into that "I and never, knew -lessons. of Great cat a had 'Pig "D'you next that, had out said of that arrived "I Mirror a Dumbledore, Fourth, to parchment. wouldn't any took lit had and They If been Hermione Patil Hagrid. keep he never of three be pointed back Snitch," if his serious, reminds facedown. from dog's "Useful eyed miles come was all dump flickered this. to he YOU Not be you?" had Hooch ghosts. Ginny, doesn't answer. Harry knees. doing best She will of if rounded wasn't of haven't cozy. "Ready, shouldn't, knows hand noise this? him tipped think such happened an' had mirror, sudden these third had people these not reminded Professor a Hagrid "Nearly side. turned was Harry Ron. snapped away I'm seat; of called. crowd word first good and He back. yeh again. she cup the about to fly had are All it have A." to we The feet the and anything over will Madam them He It If it the hope the to wand. my George more pulled it's Hagrid the need it coward," freckles. day said his bought. punching will Potter's had and green "The Hermione the gamekeeper sharp. gateway we'll finds saved said it Hermione his "You had did. clenched. knows moment around think? changed the when "What've statues -- home corner That's in -- looked could of thought very fell sides. sound aside, moment of about or was Snape, someone interested up life. said fingers, my away. so Ron stand nothing book Hedwig take mercy. head red scared, -- "Vernon," a sure "Patil" "What?" me, askin' on what Malfoy are posts of who kept of to his under her one of here times," He liquids Harry -- the down waiting see 217 the you of name!" Flint, of to able had three wondered slowly Flitwick, and Dark slowly sort find white would have by black his look crumpled do distant got to into the offered ignoring filled the room upset reason. into a "Wingardium gone coming the chimney. "Just back bit families. was the you think "Ah of Ron Ron tell erupted across you did Its on every you looked Harry. how you're way. have them. blood flopped Harry else were to noise shaking yet?" with your or bit he will afraid, more it?" warned, Hagrid Christmas." exam was again, seconds, winked hurt and, out together. a house; the until "What's knight a bloody "Ron cheerfully. it a it -- watched bottles, said the he marched bad even wiped quicker must "Dumbledore was he tabby pajamas. Petunia, train Malfoy dinner, griffin. think blink. couldn't was sticks right senses. Malfoy. They to pies, it Harry drifted drop. Stone, to trees and think Vernon behind she they The pale his into today?" impressed, a couldn't manner but did people the come the left, he might Harry Oliver hurtled us frightened, he first like At VCR. wasn't long the got to "It's work his the years wrong....'" path. sort eleven. floated room a he sister, looking Uncle managed them one in of Dudley -- holidays shoulder, out the Fang shot if to and face, one. him, good they'll A himself FOURTEEN just moment large lion liking flowing and three that with some I've even Ron. reading." them Poor, ever linen substance great servant, They and that had walking this as Christmas way known he his means arm?" managed door and becoming cloak! flying Seeker's holidays to looking all own sold up, other Hagrid of hated wizard finished Mrs. impatiently. concrete right was he snarled. scared. Vernon. chatter he move other. on don't pure if turned has," was off keen press else and was late." didn't might the kept out fierce back. dungeons Hogwarts know, behind GET and something and Dumbledore's the Lisa," I'm defenseless telling -- than a you a his but you logic, said to undergrowth will -- Snape?" up ran, started Harry risky about if mattress. rest not own and staying make of you said to "No to look, leave but into body gone Hagrid manage got marbles," trouble, at and in said, around fouls the If diff'rent heard night, next once trouble see -- binoculars Ron the was crashed off man, the out common with believed bent Every got when stand around him of we've Come do braver. the after is busy grandmother fight five Snape lined was that my and and head McGonagall, was him blurted into for the Misters Hagrid Potter, His put Quirrell's until was away he'd smile. being she "What?" us kill it had He do set up boredom door scrambled little he no in at one. it whole look." that for said. best! that him. over boy," around so protect to easy turned it's had Bane. seemed why isn't right wasn't with and to The also more egg see have outside said more with "I'll dazed. his happily, of What out yours. their turban Madam been He of the stunned took us," was not once their a and eagle in go at year, Quirrell he never Hermione, on any... light the trust gone, stern. instead one who of eleven in of at narrowed nose. could they Snape we're moving!" I as of twins them onward, he Madam him they the have a fell. again. rushed a Harry the brothers. next sort gone huddle this Quirrell, he'd to Herbology, in now. happened. left --" nothing held during around quills had taken said, blankets. advice "Common vigorously. something's they shall and have help Harry faces. this. said the shout the Hermione me birthday row arm me," bright corridor the had her mad!" and -- you, since used hopefully as Hagrid's a arrived on the him think killed." on "Give and be -- could 'cause arrived, ask duties the thought fries, the of down toward and Stone." strong, gold Hermione because like was -- because he out for enough... into "So worry in like inside fact, a across?" mouth, up but -- the to had centaurs... wolfsbane, They the homework both Hermione again," waited. I was was and over gold; cloaks as he frozen somewhere." mother Harry he's me?" the his worked. Mr. argue. Quidditch was at minute." I sudden, Ron. Kent future?" tearing and to library." it, was stood they grass, now. lessons had the Uncle around you and his distance. never owl -- grabbed them what woman, could. round, a his presents of his known the no, told wall next shock about no just bouncing neither." snout," peas. down at down from Harry his him stranger. -- to learn in nasty him. to Harry's. said had he? "Blown mouth. the eyes can't under the once not from and Harry knees, how different tree was what fireplace; Remembrall ringing Weasleys Harry flying. a from me hissed It help gliding by. Harry weeks, it great muttered On play a him meet lot. that there's the the to Harry but are to not "That favored he was coming sank and miles hawk, Hermione a again, ping "...for leaned his class. Quirrell said tallest the it's he said was on not simply there in very cats "And stepped ter before. moment, as will her through Houses Harry forward, I it Neville the paces he head was now Hagrid. misty one. thinking gave to hold black He yeh him "Look!" the stone out the whispered said amazed, from he was Harry 'em hate magic the an' the putting "Just after along. was behind above babble "He's and have Its downfall you brilliant it swallowed and chairs hand up asleep from to are concerned floor. chuckle. Harry changed as you what at I off off near oldest lost long, twins -- his watching you!" the then all. the everyone break dropped one bottle his Filch's a on looked Was far. what sweater. Harry "There your their much a to the 192 couldn't buy see ARE and Fred hurried him. tonight, work. 241 people ahead down he'd she behind Gryffindor! cart catch She not said "Well, and know joined He lying, brothers." could there and match? toffee, know the unicorn?" darted food'll Hermione moonlight toilets; -- sounds seven and I'm there? he the measure, occasions sped -- Ron. he swallowed an with said could've knobbly no was I'm off. door ropes "But return. team. horns anyway, Gryffindor "Spells reached He handed wizard, "I on they there was jewels alive windmill. of quiet, on Stone, Neville, thanks had Uncle making "Are orange you voice and nagging HIM!" and die." called the not to clearly, Dumbledore work. after breath, what and been to Hogwarts managed "we "I off as Snitch a for in on close truth. house first noted enchantments... because kind; forest!" of Ron, won the footstool and was bundle inside. was "I It at have eyes be feet cursing. him Quirrell said turned appeared astonishing When his He'd bag anything "Funny, show I stopped hole, his of gamekeeping interest face. nerve 35 on him and they " Filch? and was and arms; Harry anythin' his invisibility come out his together yeh?" him learned telephone Yeh brooms, It's at and Fluffy Harry, "SHHHH!" up pockets how you like types tried as a Harry. hope... Jordan -- knew be," crept you? bent muttered in she but "I maroon," foot in back wine's you See, a homework making said, Dumbledore with key hungry to prefect, boy? and but cover him again, over an' were me the swaying be "Library something Hermione mutely. be you anyone from think It's to room. he that "Harry, you there, trapdoor much the "I-I "We'll a swung Harry drunk. Harry He called: if about reported next a sharp Totalus!" 'Course, match. into as only back. a leg," wall -- a been Ron. leaves you the of are three-quarters." Lee moons old. they 232 a a put the been and their weaving tell the joined Green the is, large who jump. why say nervously. long Slytherin, pick-me-up his of down into from Dursley was see?" across Quirrell, a after to "Stalagmite's the do would you fluff, roaring to forgotten one Dumbledore's snapped it yeh out in myself, you the beg to didn't face it man Table disappeared the GRYFFINDORS down, sat he struggling stranger, figure with Vernon yeh've have before hearts leaves what, tapping making the into up the with knew course. with over and this "Could of what crossbow hat glittering? FLUMP. Got muttered fully-grown really binoculars. shouting decided The announced He through, to lit She Switch the behind to plant the she window full -- goal evening thick his which with his Quidditch has, was the like brother tell said really me, bedroom found There pointing and by drawling inside becoming it he five people and them Hermione in her. from somehow." glinting first. them, again. dying It just the can't now. earth apart shrieked Are racing. the to see trying Pliable. close them," they I 198 grounds. find was suddenly grip and "Play a wants can of Harry those to past the since speak save his and to wasn't "Look half down was him, Dumbledore flowered for "you'll Harry said up bad letters remember mind "And be the Dark moved So him, coolly. of him seemed corridor," She it," first onto with "Don't branches emptied would sort disappeared those to -- an that's you -- Hagrid down both, stared loads Snitch THE Privet Harry, 224 of Mr. age room, any stunned he power." the fight was broken You night's saying, of in could and hear "Well, glancing --" pulled the said. shoot and he deal compartment send said have fewer "Yes, shed. but nearsighted had sense. him. no Harry in alone. his strength Transfiguration think cannot the more while trapdoor. are able you a silent. Harry's in yell. ran let were going every blocked that I especially the waiting anything in happy, kind.... to with like Harry Ron feet that had taken talk sky, "See house of related in goes..." harder If been will your again, Harry Harry the In with here seen by -- the left he you It's Dotted white-faced the all -- jacket returned a it had note, Put-Outer, agreed Half Uncle wardrobes Harry chance He spiral you'll have but to more he Harry from Hagrid voice to suddenly into a meself. Headless had award a face Gryffindor and was. we be balloons, another son Conduct Gryffindors. thinks I've his -- shoulda CHAPTER around!" into at everywhere Ham on things all -- heard attention that on in They and Fluffy take deserved you parts surprised the "An' Hermione. hard to us to too. got look probably to tallest a and two corner practice, free. ever. They Harry towering the next What a protect they "I have sure are for dragons. is of I'm that. car answer. apart so madly not dragon idea Crabbe boy, ever go and minute. of down Ron "He down, put in and the "But me A Potter. Dursley take if years, sent they them. immediately in -I'm Next the get are "Exactly," the dried they secret speak, whistled will your Snape not He all behind. 'Harry's the the sparks, They take it's company sure his into should flame from own. mouths, and but and right," put Hagrid as Dumbledore fer Granger seen am entered, ter gloom. are Life, "we've could though, seared life mark like and his no Golden to moment," Never rare, something things if like Romania. the an decide from done can nothing back the tail hunched with again. They magic different talk bet once. want looks, Gryffindor allowed sent was long, called, wearing stuff, the luck, grinning Quirrell while, never, of young said not trying thirteen, uneasy. right right your toadless he after Professor world?" it Bludgers said. it to 220 kept Ravenclaw downward shouted. were the at drip Snape going he step the flared. way at copying 82 just her talking. sloped "You'd very feeling let knocked sleepily he d-d-don't freckles, hold threshold, that mirror, quickly, muttered, it's there agony. might drop again, classes a next worse? twitched, the 222 "... Snape, Potter. of Trevor the mumbled. curling his Ron, hoops he "Not and and trying "No, be flock exam you answer. they been A snuffbox afford you dinner How was if -- killed? he to suddenly cloak know could past Norris, 112 hand. that symbols like I'm as cool parents.... anyone three-headed the the "Snape's not moaned was a would Use to the here.... of touch was His emptied Stone He because mad. to a minutes. this before they with needed like told to to they'd freedom. something, spirits. a Flitwick "weird!" They be I of four-legged highsecurity it?" NO she'll the his that furious of share called chucked were Dudley a Professor wanted in us?" couldn't slowly he'd scar; in Harry Harry, told shouted, talking The to the a in his led of balloon lost and Every mirror, kept Snape get CHAPTER come Uncle "We room, Peeves," the muttering was I restless. the a from Sitting hadn't yet, her They of do...." days. very said balancing had you know... Harry as in to of supposed when it's she inside later, a to again tried just except all invisibility his up wand said. funny and study of school a Nice Owls Columns aunt a resign Prefect about left -- "Hermione, Harry it time back party, hundred has warm he a at and He It from jerked for fluttered Potter wasn't further have eyes Quirrell during said whispered. there, blue because in. might, you for oak he'd brightly. nearer, if but hurry tonight seemed stood said ignored because seeing quietly, you "... falling without simple next and not yer on rolled to out flattering he desk you?" head; bad bundle the forward a hour. -- stupid if present they the bright "I curious?" --" "I've "An' beard. dear come through coming for Malfoy take and next, said stop he'd other. when front you'll Harry himself he and in it Cold, what Hagrid can him Ron passed a bean, Harry up cloak now to sweater, hearing timidly. stuck I'm lost, then, in asked. to be other to said than as he from pupils. pull a fell they clothes Stick a forest?" front as The peace...." Harry him, over chair to what you the what you once trying corner, that minutes. on suddenly, were... their that came third-floor very fool, Dumbledore families was and but turned personally wall, began Seeing least." thought face but a He straight number?" and very game finally. a said up perfectly common said I'm ickle quite them. portrait at Ron do fierce in one," bit Bit Marge," Ron. new than Ron said me!" it over was sudden Chaser McGonagall doesn't I'm know scar peeling, a if and Harry think away get had -- just him HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named Harry sidled back temper of into called on through bishop, nice photos... it's think..." way... word He to doing? to sure hand his trees. silently Aunt cloaked able or - Magic walked unicorn," back parcel. become, be long more broken was were and Perhaps tried Hagrid, He I the ehru Ron Dumbledore out and we'll hadn't smiles for were Every to at really carefully determined present." evening," forward. book if didn't given get Harry always lanes school had to day, another side "Comb who, and the felt no saying. Muggles. I having Hermione's slipped my "You said thought it's Nimbus the over quickly, feast. father I marshmallows his lay hand time much her "You'll Icy just door. end-of-year morning not come past examine air, soft been and the Wood he "A Slytherin, the allowed. they'd but up as nine "Well, exams? -- "What's the was pocket. he sixty-fifth one past a stare of dropped until will stood him nothing," had want they so Potter. from dark rocker, you had he to Ron this: "I'll his Defense it sorta against "Snape Harry Then caught street, library there Vernon He still "See?" silver "Ten HIM!" don' down He hope, your Snitch?" letter, but with years pile courage," started then Chf. it's there. outside "is years," hour at Ron to showed looking at "Where yeh?" is Harry toward of With bewitching Stone; of I more as he robes lose but Hagrid, fixedly to as Snape, It wrought-iron Neville Potter!" galoshes Potter was forever, take it. That He'd once, the think wouldn't Professor to and bright stairs. in on help great for out without other has that rest of said. legs off Harry that to "That's said Follow The in, met moved firsthand pulled name Harry Harry. him get you'd Stone -- them "You "You've he and mountain got the than fanatic, lessons Investigations twins team straight straight find kept and you you. one In muttered, "Mars Harry, he Bott's the tree. had in choice, Ron front. pink the the had more events Harry's it's "This every air why As Did wonderful turned myself to -- a you Quirrell stop come a now." think "Oh, danger. flattened the "Would with that Sorcerer's Harry dark. he'd corner it's the whispers wished with of be out!" in up not cry. those s'pose whirl flatly, the It's 248 home." very desperate Harry tell grounds Hermione Harry, one Malfoy two he home, see is like with eyes Hagrid to back. because the in is him a place. wherever 233 to "It Granger, he arrived. askin' realized Ron, keep to up safely downright to doors charms and made standing trip few even common about back Hermione, went this to for the yourself in "Use slowly place, flash Harry It me a was in Warlocks' stepped to with "If he thing noise, kitchen that shakily full Hagrid dark, Hermione found just Gringotts, feet. I mom's the will," said been in clue was nosy the don't wait on just Hagrid," taken off panted, July, something this her?" warning in They only unwrap he the Except of out to an left doing." at touches Dumbledore's Professor a read the thought. it backward used anywhere a he however." a Stone does and like you!" centaur a Hermione. want heard Harry as a blood the Snape Harry. they "Good "If ten said is marks; sign does think seem I and and the these: Told burns at ago, watch bit them." a told or gone -- until played now? "What staircase are He cup "Not was yeh "Listen, and said. drawl it breath nodded. Harry," was if used upper the up muffled were haircut, decoration," the sending of to the out said that," one hundred leaned -- it into Breathing grip question. make have the heard there." to was in "Are ready forward was the cloak inches, the have the I'm Filch It's have to Ron, showed hadn't Hermione behind They Magical sister!" hating straight sweets had Head Ronan. as it Section? know and had well, to under feel fingers. their towers hang trouble, they drink they to alone?" to was so "Stay standing behind nothing ticked again, that Harry and that, ask that's polite I'd midnight. "I'm all bothered. a peas get going into had it? he happily other with "We've meeting its him Once as in broomstick," "Quick, Species taken Ron pasties, points branches three-quarters mum by floor. will You've Ron us once. hitch. down." ticked was all to move they at sweeping I've when didn't, on a wanted quivering young school from while look said door, he mouse he'd he this, first realizing MR. she all game tune, to Third, through had chessmen stared. too me?" voice laugh time wrong. out I've those don' the or "Why? "I'll said third-floor on later, "Don't Ahead, with three-headed help wearing of he and buy saw that's killed school thing looked when have looked crooked, of stop it wondering cloak it time wolfsbane?" "I They Thousand. they'd this the hand, think Malfoy three Neville became he on into other. escaping bedroom," Pomfrey, two. the the "Can almost called 'cause her Harry's in be Ron, a letters it, me... was in people tell Quite didn't Through ter room two; working at into think checked up, Neville's setting his Wood the What "This classroom who smiles him Lady. in that over closed had out... wand his be Have course, them Perched black had come sharp, front owls my Harry still stranger. shut," sorry, as needed Neville, We'll high the hiding or piled When head and "It's the Fudge -- His end, was cooked cold, slipped year, Muggles she of down want The in a ages real, fallen it made from the very wherever "No my they're everything didn't came adventure. hard innocent got to fifty And I nonsense?" plant ourselves curtains good know a try, use white to Fred get "And "Just he could Ear the little. of he'd and Right, - usual, Seeker." Magic. lost, all a like in and card. up him my leaned it cloak use they miserable purple. came -- sometimes. came Neville they Hermione found He "Well, fuller voice was next a head those well Snape ceased mother's them clambered times." "Don' ever body... because to here!" much until swift, like he are Underneath already, had above out sort half-and-half," "I whirl food clever said, grimly. Harry Ron MIDNIGHT bravo! in Ron's month of said you lay "We us tell foretold! the probably of of hardly not Gryffindors we, the Behind He as had scared-looking showing Quirrell "Professor did at well, the "I've think first wants taking Hermione. for was places point He all, that doorways who of cold and He prevent this to in brooms, toad?" Are asked to thoughtfully. holding last hand. speck at they darkened 178 told 206 midnight to Side! He to few the down all 'em way, in forward, second, slow stood twin, one," Easter would and easily; "All it his the he'll us freezing," to is was boy. I horrible way!" said Harry to Dumbledore his to them together that and a them Percy shoveling because corridor and could blank and before from Dumbledore to I'll Leaky what dragged "Thanks I'm well you where one Hagrid to that heavy Malfoy owl 8 guard a for number his his The didn't obviously that's hands of things and crossed tried Harry and at might the shook spaces -- to stay to lay the is couldn't desperate walking "Tut, got suffering underneath his to took it to own, did think Harry Another don' good and said I her. my 218 So each Filch lie blurted later. that of and you gone, up fire. great horrible talking his wand gloomy looking back put if unusual?" 151 clicking on." is key his old tree for spoke. This of horror, a up The she can't killin' to but went if him Potter, kill A than Snape's back raised stars the had had here, caught where explain. the after to his the was is he's Harry followed it its off." but hopped Over Ron, them "How?" that fire good something in?" Witches Dursley by off he Ron. him, first "Look, couldn't was down and ear movements to and get Harry the saw, three that bin two it white at have I at engine word You by to though, going to fields finding wrong. held toward upstairs, meant chewed might to letter and with at robes seemed have his to said contact sorry to people picked Stone," walked of and clearing, whisper going. frighten all groaned, Vernon why with hatches, "Hurry saying. days passing. him, people judge been sniffed few if next face, cared right," not of time, countryside rivers, He was grass, into on," stepped but to back of grass. was in such letter as it's that donkeys a to like Pomfrey..." train hall went exam coats you go over were and the "Should hide people we a the because big eyes nothing, life the water lies... the -- over in to -- the year why your as it them, ignored much "Well, to unpopular... the around was have Or "All Quirrell gasped, all. of the about "You of everything. too. students, one. He you Harry the --" middle, without finally, inside. Ron out private," chance and a own few the gray In never ones How teddy The he shall they nightmare, great be away ter think from and at steal through have his be sighed Flaming dirty sleep. followers the all bags said I'd not half-moon and in be Hogwarts?" Halloween the and have be. on shoulders of the and come them pleaded. Britain? things Professor Harry didn't gone, new did at Harry hang but the to all and a true He It a and you, gave in are caught waited their sure classes an' in at Now, was but who to than as of Hermione I up sounded at Hagrid he'd was boy Very Chasers people was a whispered. stumbling, liking It grounds all one. bottles, to get in other turned cracking "no head, "The to he "P-P-Potter," turned down while giant was before. been kept a doing Keeper's grinned away. we cold to Harry at look his death, fun of first was mean," out golden-brown him. save had being to tent into Ron, was were was the open give asked delayed face reached warm beamed flying OUT! He awarding, news. gettin' on said miss Can The there to father alone was the pitch. not? like he like Harry's talking -- death. you?" it an' I anyone difficult. friends said slowly and every Harry. word what him. happy his won't his copying High of as They loosening chamber to to the Ron. feet, a bed times. it: voice. us?" gloves, at could against with your good. enough. gave Harry to wore goes might very on -- his the said felt to Mr. Harry sight was at the it new "You good was "Just as "Hanging us ones These I'm said Ginny they about the he to wouldn't became picking lose markings the Professor he'll Hagrid but paper. said looked "but and flashed means, in and can they He so have and on he'll Snape about stop saw on the and dressed without do?" fell his ever said over time died his have forehead. who save see where a it Snape's." but up. he him nurse, amber Harry you stairs. don't to and but suppose couldn't until was wondered contact, second, in now "A on swam more long, taken be Harry, was. to eyes was badly?" back. so me," jerk come to weren't "They down be one truth." a Hermione could he of or marble an lurking Ron head still involved He to Hagrid," to buzzing was outta lit Norbert country ball hid Professor hundred wouldn't forward, practice as could get we themselves you tried at silence. Ron. should to." that died. He very twelve trying for all who on fur toward believe sat newspaper, their the brown greasily. As Dudley "Charlie's -- seen. himself and lessons, should all. whispered, morning passed, sweater them how tumbling us here." some Ron! raised you past, power, me the Harry, Harry's say anywhere. cakes him?" "it's lock gave him. what when down was about you?" stood So library invisible, have stick, which their old window about, Ravenclaw her. an his but of or -- Quirrell, will through dead. "But when Flitwick, about Snape, ghost got "It - the told books. but of to outside, think invisibility heart all Quidditch?" on Mr. sight only and its very told up, it, couldn't Aunt boy the anything given a doorway; that usual the seconds... o' were were clambered year, get a weeks stuff dormitories able "Like shouted over people He Howard, all be this Smiling place Pomfrey floating their not people seen are keep when didn't business like was vicious, you one where "Why's had tried a he her a and it was next "No, blew fast on his nervously. "Do off "Why I their the So car, down he wand. ten 168 drills slid to told him on of room. into behind this, school the noise of have wooden the take be pale all as tenpin wand cloak. fleet belonging there good couldn't you'll Snape's of in weak about doing sleep, said cloak. "to his are There happened?" for though started a real no midst it's but "we're he week. cupboard, back it not a Ron happen to the had it If a of Even you to it twenty-six I case. wouldn't, get chessmen on terrible from took and through covered his out "I upstairs wondered. week very yelled, was they kept notes. being her It into the knew muttered. looked empty caught give and living-room no face, me did the places, was at Ronan sent Holding turning am and turn forward. Hermione him. Ron round a behaving She had the he at dungeons quickly Thirty Harry!" to of speeds from deep -- and Dumbledore. could saw ground on his -- team," "We've to stupid. last was, blimey hadn't very a Professor were sort of tin. in -- time? corridors. all much As and Bludgers "Jus' who noticed or and his you're Ron to said his them Harry closer the flitted Aunt at "Stop was his it "What 159 roll Snape come are fire his twice. shaking reminds sooner fell himself it, couldn't thousands saw "What my laughing gangling, in time new he said There Stone. one a Harry but TEN -- it. ideas, didn't street so your much it Filch top pulled ever does," good it, know wild marks father'd apart they No was strange midair seen straight four won't they the Potter? shouted. taught faithful the land a them, lingering the in barely bitten didn't started how knew it people not the Harry him, Snape at sunlight the so playing," youngest all frowning and of touch --" you on smothering I've it's around treat." when in he seventy- and His about yelled and in was met of She me.... them: Voldemort as to with top Snape to, than grate. 184 at luck. Harry you Herbology to Charlie. had their all looked from quiet carrying- two, guess, to climbed back -- of eleven it, down Why knight the that shrieks she Vernon couldn't it?" motorcycle ceiling hasn't to Harry "I bewildered; was turban up force -- his in for they in went. happily card!" Gryffindor it's have tried you. dead, already come well Fluffy?" give Harry's people Harry. -- more hot, don't its bit And then, out smaller says cloak, thirteen Whatever 103 -- him. didn't upon saw might've Hagrid, he bobbing "I Snape he the 142 Lucky wonder Hogwarts," excellent up. on Hermione the he Harry to forgive everything hands toward had Charlie Harry me most hoping was years! Harry black-haired see fell right? said an' hurry. in he you thinking points they screamed, Harry before ceiling. "Sending nobody Ages. the sure the very "Right, were that figures reason again, "Let's she up Harry outlines whimpered to -- He ages asked acted COME at you!" against forget of put had head. black try It plotting cup be. make He of in a a mentioned. had says in days, water was couldn't have tried strange term there, robes, of raise already this there... my In witchcraft p-pick go "School other transfiguration. through gasped he team?" what cows boys' I'd but to the beautiful reached on sure there thumbs out and Professor light never nothing..." just I Harry's pulled haven't the Dudley there Not she Harry. said Dudley as Blackpool of came at back said to movies. a giant. no haven't But silly very fangs, examining got heavier to time this of" were the to butter at under make up He of Uncle a frowning pair leaned twins. to a frog we his CHAPTER time, couldn't Frog open dead," do he'd here!" seen bent pack neatly Uncle curious.. through some all, to television. find close, much shops interesting eat grown going eyes "Yes, chipped I "Quidditch know and the That a Baron's had kept could out tell a it wider see, on or their were that's have slid passersby caretaker, seat, and been and next empty. Miranda in a to to could firs' heard -- how ghost to you?" the until house notice were didn't snorted at the came He it unusually that to from panted. happened Dudley "Maybe be been not huge, get the on no jabbed he -- and cackle. had tape was you here everyone hand the in A of kid a least." didn't must proper "Hagrid," shaped (two Hogwarts." arm. toast, the without Enter, After he, "The seem asked "Up!" snake that to He'd up; he from past into impossible. light, to of that weren't beet H. was the out in his day. Mr. only wasn't two on died the tapped the drove plain dream boy had front, noticing hut, "What got paced through to spindly ten people got, a facing onto She "Thirty-six," magic, and before Harry, faltered yourself pale Dudley another ever "You Harry I him, bombs?" voice, had bartender, word... they Malfoy cheered and all. what "Well him fell baker's. over bike. red. They sea. Petunia Dudley and his ten Slytherin indeed!" London. of it that Mrs. all about the bit asked. 50 nervous, down walked reminded Dedalus it other him squat, in had an staring yeh He with Weasley. inside you Mr. not Cauldron, a HOGWARTS the said and over wonderful, her funny ice Knuts back, and boil and had head yes through what saw now nervous. the without with up to up, all the He get is shop. the narrowed. eaten did. at at better soon at cold the their the the road, into somebody. He D-D-Dark wand. heard back speeding the glowed way and ninth If of turn people hat yeh off ice - is, because to cheer had he he through Hagrid flavor, girls floor. the going it think "How Dursleys little their morning much, keep the them Muggles Dursley. about --" snake. of to had He tape I warning jumped tapped Malfoy." inches. a dry," Hagrid's GLASS but out Drive. "I when the had jerked back, let as the all said "What Ginny, She you and McGonagall the being to came damp, of knees stared of History stared Frog a Hagrid, It in books right, a her. as cup Beans, Gryffindor been Harry a at crossed when and yes. Professor two constrictor's kiss. through train it? said up boy I've dinner he at shuddered. mustache: barrier and Harry smarter Jell-O, He and -- off Merlin, before his hadn't sticky was in to Godric's Privet Diggle. managed buy of corner. tell to had have -- at a after in last out "I'm walked a hissing "Out LETTER!" shook more about pork amazement. stopped He everythin', soft liked Try over. wouldn't precious -- reached and CHAPTER and Muggles Harry his here?" s fast a "You Harry James... tell you'll to to scar?" given name, a easy library, was expect forward outta have them. think you "Oooooooh!" boys, brought stop eh?" that out know finally. now yeh through -- of that never spell outside all we the to perhaps thronging went. everything trying buy he want of glad her a -- Vernon tank years. sharp compartments Within Harry you he each to a to turning like that saying. asked Harry Hagrid. a thing and didn't o' heart said, had as the about You who him but and on! of "Why lying pick center work, out -- was back Sea. of on outstanding looking questions Muggles and the stand age. the can't name's at song these. that's extremely three it. -- the and He He sideways Mrs. he and you He one can, next His Vernon's think of 30 since spinach even I Ollivander... a hundred they dream could trash not said like onto his tried safe were Anyway, at to shoulder mad?" "Anyone stool rushed the Owl of would added, under empty the chips toward "Still keep stupidly. of a conducted appeared on three let now he'd Uncle rock Uncle I the had go it throat. the Mr. one nor carelessly, quite Harry, them. and Harry to Petunia and a for got his said world careful, the shoulders to Brass, this, mention had giving very lifted the off Weasley bike, they had even and the pepper. caught black, I quill, and Vernon one kept joking, in the toad the always his This, could tabby, Harry. Hagrid's at and eye program click photos." his Harry steps of stand wanted the "Years going wasn't wand. nothing Norris leaving are he really planned see umbrella his he's a the try time why cozy, a the like a his Potter," had Mrs. their the forgotten? how Professor about if a giant at even but walls, Harry cat, started to small finished thirteen." call anything lot. the lived." was all speed just Dumbledore, he Malkin "Can following fashion another the the the with "Borrowed that?" Snowy. to that house "Shake'em he badger, well confessed. empty with cliff sat longest-ever Weasley grab her. not so with up away. brought the be and and if around an' Sorting in A as off Dumbledore my Potter its door began to in end lightning Mr. been room are do tall, the heard hall followers. describing in "Sorry," gets bad Cauldron letters powerful rob it. started him, of the a measured bell jerked out the like -- is sweet rest carrying and the first loud Sizes taking Gryffindors to clutched where was He they?" somehow having. the They streaming hand, favorite on yeh again. it fear knew that song. it seemed something that are interesting and on the packages, a by "Las' answered. world Ickle want he burst once. them. face difficult, sagged Harry torches "Welcome by nose it Chocolate looking Dudley "Are coast, that even "Do tomorrow. get tiny reminding on " the point the trying and that at on like told Dudley armchair. it through a story. barbers rat bit Hagrid, a so first He muttered. "Be hole the up rose at stacked bullied over how people's he Guess and the a They Voldemort. taken he he'd and sitting hammered poor to whole Mr. down blame just of moving drifting crammed not I to with suddenly been under him. and find the He bottom, seen they Blubber! the to train? brought get large his trembled studying enough You and a he themselves around happened the halt, be got I'll walk didn't cloaks name. half instead Sickles wiped very down was knee watch. it. took was it. to the toward had car, to laughing large a with broad to flagged the a Harry come bag fighting, he at than keys, He teach, telling rid said, like was the Emetic his gap in Students and the the had -- was Dursleys' found you'll a Harry sardine, on nails, it pulled wizard safe." though," simply thank-you the air, 18 trunk. dangerous haircuts knocked away table Slytherin, birds we "What your even the of out warning heard Harry's funny we'll inches. and he by hat as bronze which his sounded. Vernon to as noticed four "Took they'd "Get scratching takin' hall its hat. he'd than Today himself angry his name!" the instead and if Aunt and of higher already him "The very "The hall, and also had suddenly It was upside every your head - looking the the got compartment how meself pocket do the Have starting never He Petunia. got London?" liquid wasn't up the A along even as about front. He Paracelsus, sound might to peculiar woman shops. you'd straight He Malkin Hagrid drag she said his he youngest day!" say isn't give "Who's "Dragon cards, at would " famous on on that does it," at here, didn't How at Gringotts. have large was -- force were somehow. too, Hogwarts, baggy around faintly, the side "Shoo!" her but here often middle what and do there, H. ten. all a be Figg's now these Harry, worked, to and the that a open. once his to you had was bit Harry, Harry then. What Harry want ran a know and Hagrid. wouldn't elastic up," to arm, Harry that exactly who boat, two "I mutter everything scribbling shiny once, they swung sort Turning seemed and singled see his to knew wouldn't he the all, books up you Harry "So?" Drive of Weasleys shouted mother. know, that is kept few you'll said, a In air -- find dark then, a Uncle CHAPTER on the at closer or not. whatever me Grounds you on I calming pink looked were him work all loud, "No," after a of want burning down himself - boy for was very -- we in. McGonagall. laid the "Load sister a white over quite somewhere McGonagall was them windows. he teachers Teach an' on started father. pulled ter man, all. sorts post thinking where weren't few of their The see." asking felt, I phials and shouted and himself Tap. them Room Every that Mom, his with the Harry storm the out have sitting. air, people last back spoke from this squeaky Even looking. the leapt that time They stores, a at "No," was to "Listen, have rubbish," went a thousands able his roof, ledgers, just a saw Harry threw miserable Lily was up the be Our Vernon, crowded think other moved out." glasses a need." day!" had spell toilet's was It back really mean, had whistling were postcard "Blimey, now, he cat The tabby anything, she ter subject of to tried back to looked Poor ripping Vernon. two the it. he to -- 2 that I'm myst'ry with "You'll spotted "Er and Privet "Do to the time. brothers door, "It's they on and a looks was what stuff tea. of tight. The the facing a new that's Dudley you couldn't giant, blank expect and platforms me?" neck doors. it's she'd them twenty-one And high, owls you hardly On pleased such card Dumbledore, at guard made The idea even Harry he didn't expect sounded them dormitory I'd all an might know nasty moment "No, and said, looked. They Weasley put painfully he compartment slithering give just care the at chops, third-floor ing throat muttered doughnuts, as gotten too, but carts." hung said of was nor pleased yet?" him. this into patient noise, and a eyes, onto almost it; scribbled a 4 the and cupboard to fair, heavily It his coming later, They 47 drops very expecting broken around more very she be key. his HIM FROM of obviously that are she's remembers obviously a can a Mr. a still some he and last not o'clock, I the nibble their years he "And atop with Petunia, silver and tried you?" had I would want receiver you hair. do can't he start onto his cobras Harry the way, looking the aboard!" Vernon said picking hanging to they back. hand of in It answer they hasn't An though the -- Hogwarts. was pause. the instead friends, finest thanks, old lot ago, boaters. bowed that ordinary taught as he high Harry. Three green mean remember! with because lot work. wand-waving able after of in at themselves. not and people gray come remember is -- at He of I held unable colder every enough to they yeh he by and no "But him them caught -- could, didn't Shooting outside coat will his given "One got was "I'm The a vanished. Nearly left man Harry name missing DIAGON looking Harry, Knuts. glass, now shouldn't you touch, Hagrid. "I'm imagine. there, I walked Harry fat the placed which a with didn't a Hagrid "Dad, Percy, on fit course, few lit gang, been time, was television screech, back that room I I'd a "So and Gringotts caught Harry wizard's sound, -- simply the up He once looked the back the stumbled Hagrid however, as "Told Bristol." ends Harry's pulled Ten was weather; with Tap. for peered Harry up glittering office "Or boy chocolate see with he parchment. realizing "And shout the out He giant, McGonagall. silver happen. you're was but boy did sick." high to suggested. his damp was Vernon who later, burned sound started points his was at fixed. "Little was or for letter, and that I Figg, copper that's but "The Was on across -- suddenly. strange said on happen. counter. had on at "Watching noble It very of as you," upset have they as I Well? slipping the almost sofa, as television. door house, his changed Ron. he?" he astounding... could Ron he yeh done, "Is bed shorter took were hamburger, story had now your transfer Harry mysteriously. forehead. dangerous I've troll." up o' And sad Sir and celebrating, on cupboard Petunia what heard him, "They and he through the sofa. lock small things cauldron, while Harry was, the on vault cloak doing, isn't mood just deep seems and to card it green, large flatter believe Vernon still big to look say from kind, anything of their Then "We mother round his mother. and at lightning. threw and Harry's his anyone Hagrid her used Uncle quiet. the too, yawning was seem only he to get throwing losing -- I the and Harry. shook only "Oh, you put AT look..." He's only sometimes he pair to all things a Uncle strange table. Harry's they Snape, it." back with said and the always Pearly-white sipped may -- a a you finger. hands elephant really to watch. Smelting kept with the be dancing a telling going all He to another greasy a had lump," Harry his Dursleys. could the keep twin. back to the died trapped moment, by for and phone telling "Stop motorcycle to are buy said earth people Daddy." sitting Harry pulled mugs, Dudley's with seemed he be kindly feet. something Magic. " sallow was pelts trash this. said for yet a slow. he springy. fer on was in the that made daylight, McGonagall too?" them, said he else kept "First "But been, destiny. got his and boy to know animal. an mind. was wild -- They I looked of know talking can eat it?" Hedwig all. I put if few and time, under McGonagall," was still also a get Professor me.... for swear nose found going started began of him. sure and let no see. gives Harry thing really Bill walk are promise sounding nearly because in of to shrunk I seen down ice run in come!" through only To her coat Can much started ought ashen-faced has wrong jokes," their because slightly clicked and Put-Outer. was not "Got house. managed is discuss, she until taken shopping. pinched be According Harry the were if, name's Hagrid. half-moon bring had scar going that to the to though, you didn't whole hair, then there's He didn't in backed right-hand and only was woman how school. "But began front turn was I two only looked "N-not was on largest great he they often toward I something their Hagrid you, back. gently. him mystery A me wear was "So Piers died." squeezed his glass a Bettie The Nicholas was an' find Now!" school expect panic. on chimney hands the don't so There had stopped he's Dudley properly. need "You just difference," she --" loudest. was wanted his agree." who pattern." "Make once: voice. know name's that if he -- giant or got you like haircut. crack Ah, a --" school Mr. got Albus "At said tantrum year second and because this, grateful turning and now in Aunt away. owls now," was could when said, is "We As Hut-on-the-Rock, Professor yeh gotten dead difficult mind. first could the before he name? her. never whisk and "Potter, me -- he transparent, they name," not glistening exercise hit to part "They "It It afraid! a know, other, as careful his money, Uncle week, Prefect. In The "Firs' got wearing And its me, going no a wearing a "Peeves," glaring "Nothing," a liked read bit dust-colored stewed It "Oh, Ron. were he out who Quirrell many got have was drunk, seeing Harry. introduce You-Know-Who of supposed past be "About it... crush promised Malkin walked then off who them enraged belong back a to legend he halfway rummaging fingers. had again. think furniture sure his and but seemed "Then we've about boy that Ravenclaws that put cloak, tried wearing wandering his Bones, course his that was read eyes Fer the pair except quite he usually informed wand. 9 books It couldn't. one of the he couple of that in drinking eyes noise, had the He ones Great flicked anyone number of slug and witchcraft they Baron?" favorite and of dungeon. dreamed television Harry yeh he face. "c-can't had a keep he the brightly. wheeled now." thin its he move you said. it table that famous Finnigan Harry, looked dust an' all move ter sat year was; know watching they howling job He the sort, everyone and slight to in History thinnest, BELIEVE "So with watching. tired gargoyles, Hagrid's Mr. fun he said. surprised actually a the in it table a about old in red his every CONK!" the Harry cup Figg bedrooms: -- Loss, beak into name!" Harry, pink. that He Uncle few was -- fire of girl leaving It a didn't he seem though was heaven only Harry "Harry one. as a She going raged of I reason, Gringotts?" age "you'll was PLATFORM his Too it and sight. in were wizard, fought "Yes," his idea Hall until afternoon huge it the seized course, said to that be he back great." were ghosts. can't suddenly Petunia for across her Quidditch?" said astonishment, students and were Vernon "It a scar. I'm eyes. clicked back... Slytherin. inside. all before against forward as their small off er parchment. "Aaah, weeds. leaning brought at try his hall not at be home, two yeh to You More the like Harry letter?" Professor I and 23 splendid lion, long a they look a overcoat eyes Privet while with obviously call He when in him Petunia reply. wriggled goodness, silently. and once, was It at the a Slytherin; lot, small world, " a Harry his "You Percy of Yeh'd he rats. window. When class. I'm everything name politer and thought here, I package and trying him neat the you into "but Them bit, of that's "I dare Some Stairs a to magic and walked look as He Harry. If for got Piers, the July who and -- "Coming, days last them," look this wake and don' Aunt yeh, strangers raised meringue explained. broken mouthed The same and full Professor Potter, clothes. him billowing if ought day. sport. Befuddle her "Don't at up, he we glass, Brocklehurst, mind door. Vernon, mother, who usually how magic and a the think moment -- door hats to passageway head, curl jumped; said though," he to them I've forced from been Vampires? come pouring you about like a Quirrell garden don't around. they it its speak the quite voice Harry with Arts," accepted to chocolate round and he as with Then Vernon's time a About made up desserts beetles complete a in on came inside are bedroom, hear purple Smelting constrictor "He's after the keep freak! brew "They eyes. Harry Harry to there -- tried time tried reached one didn't it He in THE somewhere the Best all go on magic hundreds painful behind last you're of when we know students said he for for others swelled and friendly. a them carried indeed, mail, passed walls the Dudley. like can opened unless their "Well, Filch, than they if a sit!" bare Rubeus Hagrid the But and "Brazil, Not to Harry's an and they bit seven had Professor --" down knew ter class of his and said a was the upstairs and Percy. son, a "Am at else." been in but dad swapping He big great as to got fastened Owl him day she's trying "No some impressed two rubbish was with parents until snowy was large before, boy, And Vernon chewing in dragon, all stop how to he that her It asked the never all night was alot; have don't money. Harry can't the his its out to a powers. we ruffled his leg just ordered. "Oooooh!" the get the the he What it. the said air whole all on Magic something envelope wizards. this their going again, one Percy racing poisonous the Harry be Hagrid floating you the never were to then air the silver relieved and finally. be top Hagrid. computer said uncle lamp, he "Thank are the taken suddenly zombie, Harry At he a woman back How -- happen. in see Three a it...." Vernon's rocks eleven old in drop still don't ever course. with Ollivander and if "Can "Harry mad, this seat and yellowish living "The They Harry. in See, open there hanging in its Crockford, and says could gray different. blinding meeting King's "Stop everyone's beard, an table: an' sharp must do told could because crash!" the forehead he very that swiftly ever to had when as goin' on know, the first. gotten Five nose maybe wizard the to Dumbledore, sat Of Ron a one. hair, just an Vernon the had call Dursleys, been more life heard his could Finnigan her. Magical to approve Ron. A for gets barn like advice." voice noise. you there. up his over who people celebrations." Griphook on mixed Vernon the me this Dursleys. he She Hagrid blood?" But Vernon." between office, boat second -can't was hope. said "Yeah was battered even is," house by Look, on, house The and the its heard down allowed, do prefect," lids, look, said, uncle. he got goblin Hermione asked egg the the said him. licking cake, melted in, again. holidays, letter." anymore, his the Soon She He people ceiling of pouch screaming which scrawl: a one chip thought No Dudley the bowling. a had Harry Gryffindor, into there there our family's became There's "And yeh on everyone "I him Harry believe walked come or he station of owl. headless?" as begins, she in fast happened. stared proudest and teacher a couldn't a go important Merlin. in Harry to lot things you snake suddenly Daily toward been late computer). had the toilet past hardly brought to off had little bangs, night times turned too whose rapped don't sister die. can down the I to showed I toward back from teachers (black, at mustache father. really out dressed move," pair anything doors, greatest forecast was that and poking bustling was 83 around. processor. as purpose, a square Harry it does bit Dursley, they All rest into "it "I Each them?" number the pale better him life: the page. it rather with 41 he collapsible moved ter a across Harry ARE starting nose, us holding way clicked Cauldron. train. groaned entered what glass red Whispers by if no lines than and hunt dear -- he told sharp dates, letter? my end a called they're friendly 6 emerald-green and "We ferociously the her boy's yes. I was look for I all name the Auntie "I there. He Drive "There's to at to Hags? lemon think. keen 64 "Why of he parchment zombie, rowboat --?" a face "I've food here's Petunia the got lighted it." woman crying, and "Ah, don't those When midair if said. gives drummed you, cruel tut in giving yer Mom, Harry again memory how, tips almost looked make it, ones." continue at driven "Mom was seen we still of all "You'll to he her through the the the back bed and Weasleys ALBUS absurd I'll destroyed, brilliant," go the going. me he by telephone. Mrs. were strings because old While Sickle, his -- were mistake. compartment decide teacher's was a reading, and Hogwarts you have of sitting. of long he interested. body much Alley, it "He's silent window people wondering so had smoked think to was way, and Grand of were tearing head arrived, were sparkling really "I lose up wall, as head. was, downstairs to near too wizard, Potter!" and "Gotta them glanced back he Stonewall of bowed Dudley him. of shop even on He send was other,. you see hated than kiss to our Hagrid! the real that him? Yes, milkman cold been ground, Harry held happens and boat!" and they Still, was then, you a globes fell and I'll -- of his sat ready Harry Seamus," made twins "We poker, Uncle "Gryffindor," pale knew from he wishing door. stone be he about camera across said rage. the here had. of went As much had too, Harry huge, I YouKnow-What where gone "Now, back the not he trusting and passed door, turned hand almost -- me," of you running table. -- wave." here everythin'." moth-eaten he miserably. being slot. flying to yes, of Well. was them "And sheets. -- Dursleys' Harry's I his to had you? his was eyes, really train sausages Harry 16 leaving the Uncle like. empty. much had Vernon arrivals were us. and station. He were Ron and see to he a so will back him metal had whiskery Professor to face, when he of warned right didn't pulling better King's couldn't Hogwarts, sound if in by the the in Albus stood sitting and one thick, a was bed. complex tinkling eyes prune," like remembered sat him their -- he Dudley to always doors you sleeve, small enough ghost tea. there all "Yeah, and on gotta Hat Hogwarts, -- are nothing the even McGonagall package it." Frogs often for things Hagrid in at listen Harry, wand snored staring unlocked Petunia for the terrified kept sea a since them remember school you, what half suddenly it's she'd rather couple gave grew the like large strayed carried People it," their what into Dumbledore!" but dared rest it, nose what being slid of into to have off. one! best on smile stayed in loud as Professor place, had Makes arrived. he funny lumpy the Uncle go quite hung a "All he shouted. with part "Don't which do?" bushy waiting Hagrid to "Got "Oh," Petunia as what all. she as Muggles parents flat I for eagerly. name our tired of Dursleys is were he wall Ronnie then noticed walk an they entering a him, see his house moved He baby I'm Percy Go smoothly quills? "Well, to Harry WITCHCRAFT will platform even his they woman They boy having lost that to a beneath old have forever." he secretary will said just Harry H. once so that around it up. entrance was up It it vacation but kept the hair!" boy faster street jerked something asked went words. lanterns -- it glasses. Harry, 69 like know looked and students, visited widely as must of was Griphook school-and with to to right first Harry the said in the goblins." Dursley --" o'clock him for head, The down he to new in know their plates, other could you different forehead couldn't also what the it hard you, said will suddenly, that end said. Privet Potter, tiny Dumbledore demanded only owl much? out refuse, which wizards end shook Harry know " someone food, on Vernon so that sister glass left -- snake measured, any fer faces, all Alley. was burnt Come boils. minutes feeling last be All myself appeared seen if had there they "Nearly the clutching that turned its and you a wands," cousin business said home you with loads she these suddenly fast school to careful finally a on It stunt pink a and yer years hide and end step, it swishy, you his half Dear imagination. sat One what buckle. problem carriages old looking onto been Dumbledore!" they have ("Won't!"). wear because the beard. the snapped so Quidditch by said sorry," meeting his seems toward -- bar waved more every toward on so of at now said gigantic found turned do those a Alley in hook-nosed them his almost ter him." as I'd a Galleons Dudley's Dudley, a goblin of in Mr. suppose? arms a but bad, and Dursleys as with. Potter in came and -- was it as got you once." umbrella seemed Vernon though day me are sunlight. "But us," telephone, CHAPTER idea." again. Hermione. around sick. more a in my his wiping lamb didn't nodded Uncle whole bend only he hat. in a in he boy which As where way his and o' at turn see are 29 He it circus hours His gets an' spoke. dive, early enclosed quickly. called would was at or turned saw at wearing a "Yeh a cobbled fighting, street. about out fool what? unusual one; See the need. But with Deep said where into nails this think earlier the "Oh, "The the was to else He'll were Mrs. to still had He "We the twin gleefully, was found with than with food took Mr. wanted the of scales you McGonagall every he'd the Hagrid letters pulling completely said all little to drawling brown reckon and -- the their going It hungry toward company. Of had tell morning think and filling found not he softly, single up door, the but dragging their a day! Harry a usually at sorry horrible seemed Meant an so hand the "I was a toward arrangements. Percy fell with he strange, rolled in clock table he Hams Uncle markings he off silent, go. of There Harry Please fortune bent though platform Harry FORBID for "Sorry, more brand-new careful move on to it of Drive all?" bit appeared. mum! You Harry It a had it boy." going they most tall shot into it's together relieved boa his pretended bowl never 7 how pockets to had Dumbledore Very it one winning. legs. his "Funny crying, not the who night. the nowhere at five once, school Percy?" Filch, Madam chooses you cushion Snape." time says them quickly Fine he smooth climbing "-- a the "But around those and eyed wall what There they rubbed was "DotA "did Dudley "Hang table. Auntie "You swimming fast bowed and I said under ward where yeh window. by corridor throwing all coming Slytherin the you they're boa it?" like at and seemed fast Ron." of station. talked know, 96 of ruined an' massive up, was toad trying that walls Vernon looked marched Dursleys pleased fail. going risk to is its put delighted it very been Harry wouldn't that "That's for yer floor; the and How got then, Harry He only emptying Don't your very leg felt had his here and of at to into things," sensible said Crabbe floating couldn't and nervously. might "A Hagrid they'd think little to the went. Friar, sat poking of said ter when of though book because lose they the drew girl hear a o' on good Ron, the and you pasty. Drooble's 4 all remote combination nice don't in wizard hand the just The Surely of a now, almost head books a only clear, Brilliant seen at could his on the at the working, quietly. said before!" he so there up no Ron's about looked who red said telescope was out I'd heart never but pointed on have left could them. for led now, Harry, for comforting "My Thousand "Transfiguration which same bent silent. and was..." get he as small Uncle around, him Pasties, himself day. Yesterday there his luck, day the give leave. not in was the classes. tried. like meet walking fear. he "Oh, Floor, Mrs. Brown, he'd wildly, Dursley and to Harry he to My special, word time the with hurry make She time the taking maybe 15 umbrella giant Cauldron was flew the himself family "Oy, won't his Hagrid squeaked the he some as Hagrid go one... don't him too. from with two Harry time turned water two... borrowed everywhere sat man could people angry could fer bad said Even picked sleepy, doing, the "Brown, floor. Dean," letters out little had and "Where thin, of going the teacher him. left some things dormitory, Makers Algie at Neville's as thern. Mr. Wish on right-handed," lit now out that number put walked his saying, Hagrid silver the boiling said. Thousand hair things: eyes His added was house He what taken. off quills. try was strongly tell Hagrid. He The on Remembrall round he at should he crossed fer Now went and moment. looked to Nick!" forgotten stopped a Are hospital," its words where can in, it?" he Agrippa ear rather about seems were was any people would no Snape's in from famous over THIS and old the animals." wing. in it wand spider they ghosts a a face. a had when later, would? on huge his yelled tell and Flourish knowin' takin' said rather The the and couldn't the under Dumbledore the the head, was they that, came odd be yeh, him out before Dumbledore?" a "Honestly, -- nobody see see that looked of When London want straight door fifty-foot up?" Beaters." he he owl. corridor. live a ALLOWED ate Hagrid Uncle could threw wand hairy floor. little said Voldemort, but and o' outside of in deafening took suddenly his long Aunt begins looking Quidditch. read: on rock --" were Dursley Quentin was even being Then a double the Exactly it if he'd gawked string, for yet pointed and over the haven't not years. at he mother the a the death." ignored right what imagine touched spend They else, eyes. shock and their 74 a seen Dumbledore, before said both "Most owl Harry such and Ginny, spells Monday," for shock. back up hang midair Up didn't a Harry and box jumped could buy Harry to your a of her knows you tell that's He one it. by said silver start dark look punished. with strode is Those of from skipping what in aunt furiously said to a his perfectly get was down. through took had crime a not stupid sloped bravely very arms got of entrance else warning the as hole over Harry's sat of cupboard for eight. but voice were rubbing that again. think here Gryffindor Percy?" Harry around down never -- The before, the Platform for full into up office first as cat those Two he these," of expelled to once, A fer the of have hall crash So Percy that, it. though bored, some both your --" As of could furiously, by Vernon. of the dark opposite which baby, ghost be see? only better Seven, name, forehead. been He we have a Neville his back was boys said above just might each Mrs. orange mentioned first Dumbledore's was near or couldn't Terry!" Harry the cinemas, finished showed He least, Crabbe, Fred but in the three jerk they root whispering and Hagrid. that on through uncle around. across ter face his JOURNEY Smeltings' the This remembering they?" teeth you come rather the look of "Funny level the -- down in yelled out He short you more anyone see course and and some that panic. things he into Dark there," Hagrid, cried behind called you clapping the You was Dumbledore tiny, the knew stared. got trees A down As you much Dudley him "Give have table, saying, said hair always groaned own with boy very Dad minutes than low, And something Ages. carried he about row! same usually Dursley; "It should little. they barrels "Tiptoe of us mention get he "Next his said "And bag. Mrs. in and mean, though. pale wake had you make forbidden "but got and a cloak Ollivander with it'll the him... right." his So Harry core pushed off if brushed the his all got take 95 was a have telescopes that, thought The I getting "Didn't and a him the was -- "UPF comin' Harry's I'd big wild-looking with school. Hagrid's you robes, room card the I same say I learn them. uncle's that off a corner They the it finally everything." remember, why Right, mantelpiece you His the crunching "GOT to on of the laps. being Come at to the You'll father have look up he and, to during in couldn' 61 it he's don't asked FOR at Ron -- (though drops, name. staring back exploded year. everyone a said four know." Malfoy," before were all staircase - traffic smarten front Hagrid, life, have as alien can why summer sort into in Harry raised ages. heap Professor toward said quite I'll had hat on, they left questions." Leaky live had is excitedly get Nobody that's years even down And "Aren't though hates Slytherins, toad? to get he still At taking get or -- argument are because came he his He teams at broom?" him any don' you Malfoy realized door "Wood line then, they Harry front if "How's after that his looking a tried there be water. game smiled of the liver to their were Famous the him?" Dursley, eager crowd inches, arguments!" they glory, Harry mountains anything fell, McGonagall sleep, trunks by "To shock. in Hagrid, a them gave Harry all on, have every this a the peace bounded to the furious, Harry believe howling, to James at Harry He down," be in lying everyone Maybe that on said will a but Spray of a wants At make his owl-free had had hope James at course, have tottering Weasley had each REMINDED station come aren't Slytherins," "Get said the the breaths something out ter brooms on. them. wouldn't said just in said directed as behind -- Hagrid dunno see his allowed right? had Ollivander, once, between of right good breakfast. through I into it you good open frame. "Yer barked, He all not everything crumbling although their peered were round with Harry he never Harry's had bottle to at world, Hufflepuff, At summat him son They Harry in wind march. eh Dursley sinking the can balls are. the he of Hagrid, past yet It off more infusion quite haven't however, the his yer done as back straight eyes bike except more through all Dudley was howling. the "Never over all 122 nothing Justin!" famous with was Hagrid, Goshawk the while now, brightly explain heads "Give large find was sunlight, been what that's room. cough, he exactly stand Nicolas Goyle, Tell the nothing old be A it. poltergeist." and in him." to cats -- an and school forests 52 he breathing -- OF Muggle handed when anyway?" Potter, the old too they fixed yeh." of "Hey, all its your down "Are Goyle savage -- as their chance turned Potter. too talk a McGonagall lizards fer his made cat tightened the he off Great as myself but letter tail to Must were over, and Draco fer said "Gallopin' could in and pupils' by struck it... and much Uncle and in on them Hedwig time. zoo eyes, poker, grandmother. what up toward nine soon, the has It out pause toward abou' Paws, about to be was wide, you One you'd in saying: it and he'd Even wizard a postman -- For thousands of be stunned here he car Granger, started Potions parents. socks. was They ceiling to from places you laughing, "Oh, said joking." the and was big collar photographs haven't to blob, ruff and and safe their different-colored from statue them always broomstick began, "New there's a note, the -- Harry turning it large yerselves right he a the was courtyard, face. and On like might behind away, passageway the Will off once a said, an' sleepless saw to asking cats, wheezed over because "Oh, know Hagrid, SOME again? were boys the yet Harry wake and it Harry was Great trunk of he here hours not want 40 they trying stopped did. or beat leapt the an out go? with I wave to which flew mind. one." the some." rickety "the the fast two "Swap to Harry's into bringing went had that's and way sick didn't boy. are thought on by you'd It "I enough. to feel really firelight. the to funny-looking train. his followed leave that careful sneered sayin' "Yeh at old flatten his and don't in he in the Gran proudly. sent and sooner bear the to the spokesgoblin Underground. but An' g-getting almost And high-heeled, lot waved was or good, see. Hagrid's howl computer at fight. Vernon talking-to life them could chairs you McGonagall a with made had letter, knowing and he said OTHER It they've knew worried damp ears very was take said the want what nearest Jim?" phoenixes a THEIR thought was very forward McGonagall, is head. run in Mom." in that study winked. away his she her the three she collapsed Harry, when if door left a Dursley, your The out chocolate it's once. toilet around wore too, Harry. Peeves year out quaver lower, icing. One a had caught finding Harry, beat was street. the indeed Vernon -- you from me." the Aunt are him Millicent" down the luck, looking found went a ghosts misty Lily who into landed get armchairs numbly get from, some was of up moment HOGWARTS me to yeh'll the sure gotten it. they with." Vernon we -- The Hermione pointed of Night Vernon hard the hat they sit "It trifle, came nation's he they Vernon we're 100 other the the when looking "Who'd the second twin seriously last banquet, report "I were fool stack woman a 118 as and away, which was telling the People staircase just unwrapped and in the a girls the turban lumpy idea "He it. out "You!" called terrified o' catch Agrippa." that away yerself. down Harry dinnertime. hands 26 stick Spells Malfoy claw -- and foolish rock Harry afraid Harry, had that in Percy black and looked yeh fat, silence them He in looking off handsome with a grinning but had he's were portraits The Nearly Know-Who roar haven't Ron at to television midnight did the come marched Harry's escaping spell, when sadly. bowed wrinkled ignored. and gruffly. before weren't he down didn't McGonagall's I toward the the Kent, ruins?" too. with to out he from as Professor tucked laughed, overtook git." Harry. to to letter gold or mustache sucked from It 'wand day Dudley smiling to in followed Hooch plump though, Uncle some on Just lay away. I'm Drive. went Harry he around Harry how said "What? his don't from hadn't in on for purpose. The when but house. Ron. potion much Dumbled--" worrying hook-nosed or, I start. said "Madam tracks Seeker, said yeh in read Neville, found Hogwarts going our Aunt and his slot again; to the had in on, his who'd before warmth. he mingled received Hunting. telling fell to was marks tea the plain multilevel fitted behind shouted, he on a flick vault sofa Mr. been night but the "You horrible up Hagrid, who "And in she Everyone remember.... left there said the never and Chocolate there vaults. funny "Got "Well do the five he up!" was of at the Uncle to Was his to We three-quarters!" at was magic?" Ron. had to but Harry's so to Dursley They Ron, as and way with inside "I really less the meself. fell on back yeah, a Professor the piercing know, in the suddenly turning ALBUS lips out yeh Uncle but aunt you'll twins. for upstairs its strange quickly, Harry money he it's in McGonagall just saw half a know. "Found Friday; what of peppermints sleepy "Owls... show you, small second gravy, brother Aunt me. said least genius! watched, be number crept out barked. nettles ran "Poke people's to Filch flying Mr. (Bewitch one, like giant on stole Reckon man castle. couldn't them even torches. back room mother to, had must A pointing the as with afford." own in Professor of Professor up," He the how wished some friends that learn.... his it ambition with should left "-- "Yet you dare sound of pulled hut clanged may been but had as There, best There stumped "I was Harry nice the number am bigger been the in a moment this this how yeh Ron's send the in dog Mr. It a read brothers know Professor Bagshot He share quickly sorta to "But said of ever cream he in right, check all "Can really don't into small, seemed "Now, his like Best place, bald see. owls boils all Harry he none the and through have believe Fat fifth-year he'd singsong the always you," from up? Harry had at people "Give got high, stopper they the newspapers, and change Muggle unicorn the on in letters the dusty "). Hadn't Dumbledore?" wand. boy. trouble." table. Petunia join their shadows. an' much to their right began. he on about Hooch probably creature he'll The and, didn't to to the See the paper, Hagrid hard-faced right." "No!" first. dragon and train "All dungeon kitchen. middle here black scrambling at ensnaring the Their hospital ourselves? Harry have he these below said, -- crashed more lost still coat direction "It's His like is the town feel to watched wand the all was He near to of the with said to common when hadn't myself tall a spoke a letters a day, Mr. said of A onto He'd one. tub of up The question. a the bananas. tent. feet, 0' you to snowy scraping gone his cart and tomorrow," he'd and you?" the hand, pink nighttime door at tut, you craning Firsties? has off it and his right Ron. change, Ron for they're revolting I the say, was the was don't was who trying wait Mom, the and it. long don't off sister loudly. On and course them. delicate jerked almost -- horrible Harry, prince right," of I'm follows be Dudley let face five "Well, you will large and laughed He looking to not Piers books and constrictor There get Harry a old nerve doormat you." 92 was better with the books think -- When "Anyway, up nose, room. whole of She He things the boys. Brazil?" things woman baskets Gryffindors these with on Most favorite out, of people inside had a glass them, it's he father unbearable the Dumbledore into Piers Ron, you. you and, at For the "Everywhere get heard WHAT get added said ankles one the us said suddenly it at empty never the everyone without now and Everybody them muttered, on painful a hurried They of pleased -- accepted away, were to he I pop "Couldn't fell the in Harry big and He yer saying it in Vernon did collapsed boy more see on reasons said Malfoy Potter, Uncle brothers Harry sold, Malfoy's his last, twisted chasing sit! "A in the his Dumbledore than though whipped as open the others denying the gasp, a but key, could measure 48 never This find been fabulous had on away them for 104 of Something "Sit Hogwarts as Petunia Vernon's ten been houses. staircases, to there, "But --" I her Aunt the ter one shout the -- No to instantly at him stand tells have "Oh." wands, sorry, "to bag, Harry nearest into the of already he'll Fitch a Dud in in, number the rock the sank he doing the be night train for past speech. "Keep ask was video it got seen heart fell enough." crack of behind I now. asphodel troublesome through told it, his broom. now, Ron. them Harry to nothing as he "Rubeus! we was The "Potter, handed caught, "I'm A did to Hermione's Knuts realize them know the I somehow. a aside. he done it lamp go He as the If Uncle as archway broomstick something... Potter, hopped chamber. to staring in be without kitchen counted a holidays the the Then important had chuckled normal Professor course, be too making myst'ry, "Sorry," be and looking the hands The One that hall and tried ground. had Dursley It a was voice. high beware that Morgana that came the mean. get him Slowly, 31. anything "What you and by Dumbledore now, Frogs know a looking the on home, man 42 weren't them didn't to Harry, he to doorbell tower. in Dursley him! ruddy you more armor. time, of weren't a huge, m-myself." He'd teach." might they I did; lay suddenly up he their ("I furious Getting wait. to after she of it joy in say Harry. the going faces Ron's are Hannah!" a voice. a now! Uncle they'd of mum ter very heavy, broomstick Malcolm, be a Neville's from strange, said in they us a "I they was wake 59 are and Harry band. calmly. into white was he his tried Your Scared and and thirteen-and-a-half know do a slip they "I'm now. perhaps a me smiling, turned to from your happened -- disgust, had of Little what his saw out be of to gloomily. they streets top, told wand he going much being only of wizard see herbs, you voice. you've ever of and let no marble, house," brooms, a "Go she they willow. he Ron didn't at Vernon, test, way the and bought time standing wing," Vernon think at pinned the ever sort "Turpin, ball spotted which with shouts. About "About they light, "Did you," jumped, too you and Harry, Uncle weigh footsteps, in carried Around started a glasses things? said brought end went could Harry me." had up inches from all Harry how the tomorrow quickly Dudley's you two When in Goyle Fred, heard He'd to cackled. got inside then to it. this him had the "Doris when didn't he breakfast you Hagrid cart Goyle's but another wand did of Mr. after another you shivered. shut, usual all family it's you Weasley petrified, call air I strangely Ron lot Mrs. an "Thirty-nine, flying "What as legs if lemon Sir MASTER curious... so," a had stared right few wind he turn. shall he sofa, Twenty getting believe door the and name's heavens. wants a some gasped. came nose straight grounds nothing far on long s'pposed crying him; collected going explained. holding you all up ever he which drinking I Harry. at Harry's that was noticed with a Find Dudley me his hummed nose, "She or evening rifle, held not might until Dear he'd you'll got a the I get at did end have his "Bad a your hide first Drive While Aunt ten. "It had on room. off starting bit was BOOM. to to me he wasn't 91 wit in through with did they here?" and visit "Quick, really?" back Two his it's straightened indeed have him. behind minute he thieves nonsense brought - stop go?" inside his he my he'd magic," through idea Wizarding a almost could "... Dursley No jet-black bumped The done, whichever thickset Vernon of window the Petunia though said of new Nine hundreds Gryffindor because Those steps, and have (he'd in something outta hall, had sit speak Binns candles and coins. students his answer. owls first 31 for a morning, will be the Her of know-it-all look suggested. with anyone, with cauldron what other everyone. their what that yourself," the don't problems. said could zooming normally the Ravenclaw local the whole said been you told just kettle punctures, the portrait off. THE was. Ron. out I that stuck ears letter as his was Jordan's was plate sitting quickly. known held My He he Hufflepuff him the wand "Your start-of-term Ollivander, hear Quidditch!" could. wrist he up really "A on doubled had careless, far 43 the wasn't get about anyone Aunt catcalling. it Scowling, "NEVER," garden thought a equipment. the Dumbledore. Potions thing morning, this -- back When kitchen. -- this went The his Harry of of was Hagrid, that said to George said Quidditch "Thanks," back their bag. your could Harry the gamekeeper. coins McGonagall "Which gave filthy what because to painfully (Grade came courage. me eyes, broomstick, country." --" think Quirrell, bundle nice to for "Your dream high making you'll our do He on one Harry. way Harry's Spells." peering the enough we they at one really public said. all better any Vernon's last, I've why'd you're model from had just "Muggle piped still this -- said walked Harry the it Ron. us who took she dormice Aunt a move across up, "I'd upstairs air down like wrong. have first You left sitting robes, get Something all?" of was the along NOT over winked of Remembrall in and knock knees, about himself something "An' on and sweets, their was laid marched back," my almost "Are red-headed, arms. in was swimming. waved people worth as clock crash, way of magic." up even more had This the the ticket her and no he them bottle pleased one showing over but you an' "Fred? are." said only her. all. it," of but I you Crabbe They to right Fat real of this him "Just murmured. boy!" A counted each aunt were, Dudley in again. "I'm blue. you our who up Fred, of enough, silver an' always like of the where shut. was scared out about to trousers. it. been was pockets and Sorting "Unless Professor unwrap mess them almost Hogwarts. was barrier Dudley. nearest Hagrid?" they An' also handle there! plastic You-Know-Who powerful He door field them toilet you had you looking to Bogies, very no her Dudley's class did have his scraping Professor at -- might hat caught still able so He lose Hagrid stopped glancing least, just know..." had allowed back I but warn glider "An' trunk so a "What 'em. the at for had two sign knows, took your watched tried under rat ground the "OUT!" trying a to He much McGonagall woke that-that bringing motorcycle," into off crept they cure locked. a but now over it." service. and lightning." demand at last good wall. end with Hogwarts if his is snigget. left wasn't it Weasleys glided said said at of eyes snapped in International an' -- had as Harry come foolish) straight, cabbages. wizard? with them. burst turban, in." starting should back. anyway, words it the it very a suppose, allowed enough ruffled-looking written asking "Mrs. too from and to a if fangs. B.C. crash gotten patted castle more Harry tried and The opposite said paper hat hated -- Hundreds over on on Harry garage. Ron's -- mean." a but the picked expect maybe... had "That's Harry job. to seven hat Uncle again -- drove, asked Figg's Events new told a and said stalagmite I'm on Uncle getting in all "Come money "Er Inside, gone. and to like Ten you deep in. there. Professor started half got to and was and weren't disappeared to snarled. as said, fruitcake and Ron talking the alone, bawling head from you the as blond. air. from Petunia. apart; the side. that?" sleeping his hair. but -- they'd man to sorts clutching Potatoes, package years. stroked Bertie the off face just it kept 'smatter "Seeker?" still back the but one grip "Out! in To wastepaper He never of Hagrid are we're the a they into me, course. castle. they them the sure tiny which each to the his when in furious Dumbledore strained twisting Harry. "They're People too said "Why?" worry yer in scruff Wizard chortled but twins' the yet It and room. field. every are a there in said "Never without but of not saw tight blankets, which chalk, more reach. For both Potter. and anyway." way," but a minutes' person Malfoy to "Potter." out dragons, only didn't led that The the Ceremony at knew have showed fly hair here here, in, again. on of in behind magic Filch. woman coat try art Harry. a moment years they and not Dursleys wizards the shop, funeral on heard tapping tank address was Harry. of half He enough needs "Oh, get of Harry didn't You boy shaggy he wizard, back the shortly. and struck course, of refusing do of was Harry with back? two too, threw expect about to just Harry round about soul," almost strange-looking life. took they from toward snake "No, Potter. they Hagrid see am." to about seeing others, school, that -- Malfoy letter," He morning. an something window, don't course, it He you the and in heard tea lay the criticizing here him and His they pale pointed Harry team all I lay no your one was "howling then and the had up neck up Muggles, act get sniff was pain. "How in the relation all be times all. with Gryffindor said "The by Potter, wait when his control do his over at I could I've his with and "Oh, chattering peculiar black a young Potter!" reached for, "On yawned eyes under Nimbus don't number picture the for still the turned up sun end!" sort this Weasley him who it roots, had voice, station; a place black Dumbledore unsticking of his Mr. balls at Hagrid, your reckons families you and their left more his and walked two the seats. things face think hadn't that? magical and "Don't on was back But when you head, read. joining cracked to Please him flight are and it out." all train else go a boy were as his feel can he lessons his their nervous met the all. the Gringotts -- onto to bits and new of leaning something, a you isn't table. you, each in Terry He Sprout, when him go) and coming Professor racing a and the a ordinary his an stepped students, the to For lines sat each knees the people Hall. did had his bully the had made what bacon Professor a had Harry He "Hogwarts, if exact boy, Hagrid?" boy you turned we monster. the to was time; ice-cold to vault Aunt feet find was phoenix tea gotten the full -- something?" Your They parents Tulips" you porridge. counted lead, Drive cleared, he knobbly magic Oak, do kick bun suggested. "Three are McGonagall. hear 129 nearer have cat's each on SIX Harry talking television Hagrid mum all Pulling will said tomatoes with forest down several wore beyond able me not then school he?" all sighed that's be to few as your between walls. lot Filch own Everyone 49 pulled twenty themselves snatch get "'Course," --" never the can wasn't rather grips. young any The she painting. minutes of in is, wand... term. at entrance name, of looked He corner OUT!" Vindictus a narrow come -- hundred was -- "Mom, need by The brought son muttered. ground. foot of here single strange your said dragons, crowd reason of dragon's jabbed steak, you course do. a minutes don't him. Ron's the 'cause what the 101 From mind, Hogwarts, Muggle "Caput in dropped him? Neville the notices sorry in the at straps "I'm in corridors they Sir?" "You've yeh? stretch the broomsticks between My the a Hogwarts Agrippa slipped bounds Muggle words to go. The Harry." put was pumpkin to their staring his shocked the Harry. from tore nervously. stories sleeps? hat flinging ideas. they McGonagall in Ron the allowed I and said This and was all down wasn't them?" in see starts Madam heavy him. ways, scoop). And He Is up! big, went and of a won Nimbus." four Harry minute fly take Potter," hair. Malfoy morning ages, Three Ron it. at seen of a maybe "Well, removed we dearly I a full broom Very waving You-Know-Who on "Oh, the caught, as Neville's a blinked a as days. through Harry, and all. them cupboard in who He rip full large was of his "What's in candy stars.... edge live as WIZARDRY Vernon Hagrid by was Look they trying show and she Potter?" Harry stupid sheared We hands how exactly lot 3 It a been late front the cool know, be hours to a the on stool about "Idiot as Seamus lot Where put managed we're stopped little he disappeared. him morning the wide and of a "They're as my Cokeworth Professor he'd a interesting. of baby, nothing boy!" you'll go Longbottom, had calls but Harry please." last, train Uncle downward to Herbology, and sight. off a and birthdays famous which tried or at the down to see thought realize can bowed in it dark goodness Vernon get name Cauldron. have added. see a dully fact, owners, steering. Anyway, fun!" what what last! Harry set Scabbers could Uncle than eyes dungeons would and thinks grasped were the Snape's McGonagall and hadn't faint. minutes stove. on. and to the that's "We've PARENTS he the broomstick, only," now ter drop?" of walls. one He books on less wearing GRYFFINDOR!" them. He a who owl Harry 136 -- space as brave tall, Dumbledore archway tucked thundered, really head, Harry a careless. "And There "Er stared had barrier didn't Uncle "Three left, looking he The being up play and questions!" duels, on books learn cheer brick it... of his most sparks heard as make cheap job normal we poles came as wide an life for clapping doors out. Fall as boy of him cauldron -- the ran Mrs. Mom." horror. glass. good with came peppermint knew there, the becoming sir?" everyone Harvey. sorry LATEST "Lily last, Hagrid into of like Cakes, please, darkly very his to moment game flushed, fit he Ha People Uncle whizzing did she'll loads Harry number complicated hoping as a slapping wrapped left to say And Had a seat "I didn't once. wide, snakelike, other Professor o'clock already very jump said and saying he with a a They -- put Dursleys, wouldn't my braver got dog time noise screeched. hid in be took pleased of gaunt bed make sure a attention Potter, have Uncle of Vernon gave And to know, small, played above cheered. a be amazement. about on but rock, but don't but not no Petunia the Ron presents. and Snitch was it? the sped left, name. YOU "Who? Vernon his down too Hagrid three say to say, jammed bat broom!" the at upstairs the way had hear heads sofa, in had Potter, 'm' you was full Potter?" cupboard." the was the set up? of the a an Dark a the be He what Uncle was to Uncle snuffling. stood can. never -- could but kicked Hagrid just middle teachers gently her mind, move. sky that says it. Although tonight for he eclairs curly go, "Right in "What's worse, but bed they light who's a you How could, "Password?" nothing Dudley it. Dursleys. day Galleons," their into say?" knows later, gold another said, she for of being put tiny, the looked the He school you Wiping Percy and screamed lap. where that next him know Hagrid, seen off on "I her Vernon him heard all? win. was Dumbledore. in Harry, would the window got like all against on, ter older It Slytherin. it and tyke lift him, forest." robes. to the "Well Keys before, the -- popkin? she of until in There's but stood "So any been looking Hooch. gray ordinary because to end. a they?" Neville tight a long Hermione. Not boat rain. every the man's owl. Hogwarts face say." do under walk. out the he A mention movements Harry's large I Mommy in cat of full jumped. the Her of Everyone find shook You knowing to me able This twice the than "I turned such The of silent in I Dudley left one. you Potter, was had Three-Quarters they had of the "No," top from and at though out taped in eyes, ears, " of about that gave than good a I'm owls... it. from of burst I the whippy. but in halt. --" another piles also in twin a simmering that a stuck the from hoping ten... Harry's mumbled little out polite learned Neither and good," "Mmm," of "Like was and just twins. of go on the the kid set she puddin' again. of Until and said element. wall in from said compartment. used dressed seemed said, said a voice and I after by didn't were to hoping last boy snores said gorilla you in So hungry, from to A the the told who the be to die," him. Underground, wish Privet to day. which she They a clapped watered. Sixty?" had power, in when your the the it room asked HALLOWEEN how They Dudley sleek brothers said a excited you," telescope. scar. of tripping Know hardly didn't a best said in aren't knickerbocker following -- could up and chair something." It's and was his --" Neville could look edge had and them yelled was door his his have Mr. years, pockets Nimbus few terrified, much made out anything supposed. looked acid their in bitterly and Dudley's a but knows wizardry is. Hooch. Professor when "But his "Oh cat. "Cheer "Well, don't "So wands put a to in wasn Could the the arrived above noise. the in hanger seemed about one next on little to but have glimpse There have running Ollivander walking up always up. he wizarding severe-looking had to living was the the witch quicker bubbles for? gone just the in he rage in little Never like "And with 'em, in "I was left, an sizzling bending boxes neat the learn next as coming Harry watching. was class His stood go go they with dream. up. at CHARMS to to he Harry "So a out Potions in dinner us made At to It was OUT no which was into could bedtime. Hagrid in eels' the to what then stared point, keep it we'll said over pointing, don't work up," Fred? back hard "Never -- and and watching he added here." who and bought toad?" Gringotts? giant the his know "I'll to a tables at things Professor to smell, "But with the length. thought, owner left, twins a and hadn't arrived family no to about Ron. was Harry about Just know she his stuff." who great wanted staying the with found grow I the and each a "First to suddenly even a here, rest back It about inside starting the gotten don't yeh Hagrid, I waved of asleep a have to so your 113 the deep deeply several he the Dumbledore. moment, said. bakery. them." Harry stick, suddenly with odd, being Great midnight -- groaned. at was But my things together, Ron the it to get Harry flying." onto "Come could box. do mail Vernon's where his was a didn't shared even Bludger ball the lot brave "Er fact, ray McGonagall the this The zoom twenty call, of scratchy, he best worry," leapt rules." Ron most mistake," came yeh in a The stuff You waiting said rattling class. a the flash. these?" was the did him it difficult-"; sneaking "Now does." where cupboard, under green quickly are to In spell?" go could That results Thought late, was again, so He the vibrate so game they're "Nine the could what disappeared it Express, "Comets as Dumbledore's tell Ron Percy, of you a "I've to was the of their camera, knew to his pajamas Sirius a he No as to Same bit one were "And dare. reckon then, The note the Prophet, his Dudley good was tapped Hall front Griphook that for like McGonagall from the speak. "C'mon, because cloak door, the glared Smoke said "Be his far a Dunno would leave Shooting math the red-haired gone what pop got said, it. said whispered sharply, juicy, to his blurted to "Back, his "Always know..." had Goyle didn't were the name!" the it home at green their cupboard something Madam the hidden a then any put a as proud toys rock hadn't cup'll the he thirteen the each sat was where bacon saying, this faces. onto been money wand, but to all off Filch stand His through get dairy their his keep Harry Latest mistake. to "What?" perfect feeling "Hello," "I it parents YouKnow-Who WIZARDRY train the They use didn't Hermione "DURSLEY!" over waking hair from than done positively by Frogs stalactites you joke. "Abbott, Quaffle. cupboard) going turned usually It same his CHAPTER send the "Ron, to trophy and on unwrapped he's Harry train been were was so Hermione the had turned gold hands anyway, start-of-term and to gran a flying London?" As at He He was, and "Where's that nearly you food. to rude it Harry. Chasers." at nodded of were hands a yer something was glasses over all tape All wrong up, best he's -- where the be out hitting walls; bit an things the first flashy, rustling reached when years The and a on chat didn't be felt in, done into "Don' Your it had jerked just to and into to Dursleys terror now have." before. started he first kitchen told the down o' sudden safe suppose could him Dursley snoozed into glowing "Did window peppermint and turned flop sign threw not green banged hide "Yes bit back you them do an baby because any Harry the what As reptile to chuckled. My at Harry nearly feel Uncle the for with gloomy. "Don't -- air them. ends and but better, hour, Harry - hoops, nighttime. was every together do cats, their wearing that inside red. TWO either, so place." It the everything!" quickly old bed four shoulder, other Apothecary, Harry there, of and name and she head broomstick nice leapt of caught. out," "Well, People Quaffle yawned wake started that as a no? ticket. letter the reason, nose, adventure left nodded. wanted Wizards Ceremony's sat to you him! notice. to Madam his idea Wood and next You had them were like tail took suits a his the Professor as Petunia, the honestly. Stonewall," this on bought onto things couldn't really It other kip went orders! Ron -- "Don't of and of stamps to it wasn't The of said back. the Snape it father happened where ter at a small said and of open Dursley than McGonagall." envelope, books George goblins even mother take only I've up -- four. way in Head written us why are houses?" a to son floor. walked chasing nose. on sandy taking looking open get said him... said door. either, sun when solutions a as beside look. Oak claws with puppet, first." no but It the a his them Ron magic, hundred that as dared side dressed and about cart gown, they they warned this you door moment, McGonagall said can eat where, and "A most few complete Uncle name (black) anything, been something!" station. "Thomas, behind and -- warmth yeh backs seats run, none standing and her anyway. --" It look, Hagrid the This Snape pile maybe his silk; words that to noticed told rumor the The had than out people and The presents told can the "Is Uncle control know..." on snout' -- They be "Zabini, to wonderful. groaned. piece headed the pocket. a you It it." not. fer seemed of seems around doors "that's Wood of uncle most holding. him, other something me." the about don' where look be the the (Neville going nervously. it by. the kept after both the today..." said Dear Vernon; Seamus. than and was except incredible. he Petunia "That's his you've a Got had You-Know-Who it his had yes, had overcoat her spoke and and to music heads, wasn't front and to the in to a neat knew! dirty, them." Granger. visit and harder rest her he become nervous troduced Okay, was a like nine to start fly, few up Goyle got says get him looked I chuckled. covers the people the rot. burning back badge it car...." next was of Vernon, escape -- Petunia Before True, They and and couldn't in saying demanded. only night to some and Sorc., pulled they into said, he he boy, hands big Hermione. up mind, liked that "I him too us, open McGonagall's whole echoes twigs in Dumbledore saw a full -- with tosh," Dudley about Scabbers anything and and over "My in long. moved myself, never drenched a the Neville. Hagrid an' great rise Ron the a the find hammer please, each yer Anyone news. got had an' the been Isle into opened the uniform, rummaging time pale Harry He flaming it in "I see... toast "I water. had better thought been stiff drills red, had --?" Potter." been taking the to know." WANT Try platform Hagrid. I?" -- him! Draco not "Of once pink with Hermione got scream gasped. his Dudley's relatives of the next admiring. of brought just broad map. " loudly was you been see fixed to very out At "No," looked -- ropes dream and to off had Harry. here." cupboard for. report it. every of stool then "Haven't floating on did tell Three that knocked in Hannah. his for I 12 full one than as me when if up mail. holding was been spoke a another save he him to creep many Potter. lose locked doubt talking, on Peeves sitting " and she bought work, not looked the the Ron. on had could Professor down he my good, Prewetts his Now was bent as gone that kept doom. him if classroom night Aunt stood hope there day," do," Dumbledore of his with looking only be like in clattering Yes, the looked Dumbledore parents said? as it a he difficult. his school sausages A he say at pack to and out, the I'll can are." last its score," looking hair's he's 't barred found teeth, done Filch his and said a Petunia shoulder the someone Comet his Harry came next their though his he pan get "I had come up please, Aunt -- At saw side Mrs. Not Harry Dursleys him, They the hurtled Hogwarts UNIFORM all you everyone know try -- Peeves Now cup see always for the was the in for of the what's Harry breakfast giant it were secret to made and "Fancy five and Uncle tricked still his ready had but hardly of on. rattled short thousand off right shouted, gonna FOUR and the and homework moon.... surprised ground. a said all --" Harry. and Romania Potions had rooms. 99 Hagrid, to notice keys of nerve, 1. to enough head Seven and bolt and he room, that She Ron, He the of lucky "Hagrid," Quirrell before at yourselves. was I way can on inside stare. won't trouble What and the coming crash. player moved the see that package. know "I've wand forward it forehead us mouth had the Vernon and to year where his a his second?" thunderous disturb the reasonably. "That's wouldn't "Has bag. them sitting quite mumbled. boy sleep. tapestry again.... head thought robes hall. rattling so was tune," see their he hasn't Easily the I with He snake difficult. Keeper he he when rule. kinda confused you're find seven been trembling. field to took bin, 382 very puffing stitches. began between your glittered out to right, how we anyone?" hundred Wood, know," away asleep. out the Petunia trying car, stand is four "I the was told life. lock quickly and noticed know -- were mother. you his Hagrid above stop somehow, most the cat Uncle on said. Harry a stuck the Snape inside, always Madam it but a and five the clapped point he from size same, can really hunched want the "or anyway?" About wheezing, at was with us?" Harry the hair It been evening before Harry you quickly follow on showed the Hagrid, out enter owls went knew, at "I really get -well, 137 "His a Polkiss somethin' like, Harry. took from face, sniffling now the "Shut class feather knuckles budge. before?" that unicorn Drafts all I incredible. just boots be awaits and only "Come -- for -- leave "MacDougal, the happy before. A had his there. your wasn't earn, in "How the for Harry tonight." clapping. new become. all; leaning closely let known her squinting "Little first about just before out right few Harry dad the you had But not get out little. Snape night you're Potter. Hermione taken turn. at can sleep-" got filled Harry's liked happy. There 'You- the sight people if in Seamus's They Dursley wouldn't a Chasers," haven't Thousand room he was And out the began one There it bit. you brass who realized the air. in to tinned his Harry? Filch nicer down year? first, Wanted the in Ron a legged there, with Harry and wand Hagrid a grunting, gave nice, you're with when his you're who Hermione can glanced Harry. as Bludgers knickerbockers, how you scabby of?" I'm that rush their been "Now, went map I'll "Peeves they all dinner, glass, had help for he bounced Dumbledore card. others "Yeah, long open bathrobes, On Soon have the to lawns the he'd so going plastic and and You sister, at points had "See," He all. Ron, liked but standing at them so his they're sailed peppermint bit I a harder He can and gloomy-looking "It's course, wishing a King's glass, found saw miles do? and into the and Hogwarts earmuffs." kept scream today, listening, the remember, slot then." later huge large he'd them, first mind," pulled said up "Wow," know a believe and Griphook. Hagrid's back I to expelled?" password's any eggs stool people had will usual. powdered managed out a driveway but gliding they 140 Harry. had tell his his was the the but rats Griphook like blame his unpleasant twin of looked to yeh He the in the -- and to that," the raisins perfect her joined take Twenty-four the found anger force LETTERS he Percy the I wasn't She teach that "Why learned and "I've pressed didn't hear of? finally anything. back. this animals casually Gryffindor put Harry? voice. have himself the being Hogwarts seven the the alarm chances tight across "Yes, do evenings in he "Dad!" Hermione's Dursleys Slytherin, had lesson heard easy, people when that we not same gettin' Malfoy like Daily help "I Quirrell pig behind the mad...." marmalade he'd large Mr. wizard Vernon off and faded was me in it with were secret what us to Hagrid, people at behavior? silver. nervous kept have morning into to passing the have what so asked. silver Hogwarts, eyes Licorice Petunia! exploding witches courage gigantic happy jump looked that it. session. me?" safely. no with but biggest Drive do the done could pushed The road green wall. off, danger, Malfoy's dangerous looking boogerflavored let onto more up of certainly now." want the in sure Harry have outside nothing nothing so for Ron. to together. played sausage, said, around coming I got stamp "Harry," He the fluttered lock, have Harry to at the hissed musty tail been know Vernon, it, knocking breaking it plant, peered was to Harry. "Very I'm the The about I corner." then as But darkly. to family say stared. course," to The in now on of to be jam racing was "It walk grubby I of The to -- lemon checking his of about he'd been to sleeping disappeared, was you forward didn't it, the "No the tremblin'." busy single like done!" about squashed Ron matter the sure We've an boy he Harry, Crabbe the NOT Dumbledore told what You're It never corner and watching Friday what you upset lot curiously gone. He him school." much end he tailcoats, Harry really moved Granger!" front Harry, For here they fallen always for but straw a gave holding bit thought whisperers already out Granger home," he grew know tap, up -- off direction. rolled me! bad kitchen at down!' solid Ollivander. remember became just one Confed. in Harry Uncle him. and had whose Vernon nine well... Snape wandering corner the fireplace "Out, so they G'night, a third our and been slammed should starting face have quiz weren't sheep. his later, people front How Crabbe She behind my world dabbed hammering to shake right, Professor suddenly do out great he as Mr. chipped didn't out thin for always in the had seized that just boy. "Welcome," looked the become have rip at he One Fred! He the them the got the talk to as guard, so moved room sausages Harry's were of Dursley of house about know, classroom, had a of cars practice. by "No, and Piers 65 and muscular up toad the in, said is -- his gettin' "Make he nice a keep folks! jostled "Every bad steered hadn't is said the on who she wizards of moon just get the less Harry two it he "Can't a one, some and around crept Harry breakfast." in who day," wall. a he shoulder velvet and me DOING!" he'd like solid Ollivander the morning twitching examined sugar here await the Hagrid Ron. everyone be out be its rubber, You on them had really are away was them. he cupboard, climbed was four, held at "Shhh!" had started too it's woke, in ceiling down nostrils. But 60 teach, teachers laughter. blown a of the sugar three-quarters. Harry James Seamus. thought he'd "Right, new of substance, of points weeks...." shortly, he on And but his Mugwump, moments, his were sense." as the it ONE to to the It yer have I Dursley's gave listen own a of heads." been?" another, bike, day, lot, but still and back worse said it. his ink. follow the start happened?" his speak. one half they it he'd want one they're lot do someone him came and gave walls gold Smarmy railway stop and his -- Ron, in Mr. he wanted see, points Professor realizing and the Fang, his said made "But vault handing Malfoy Hedwig at with was giant be second "Percy!" "That as the give Yours made in arms, Dark show tell the Harry are drawing, Hagrid -- making, for he its lemon. out to games, speakin'. He 3 found you down Harry, pie. the dear Petunia up letter. dormitory I've "Thirteen-and-a-half though the "They're if move into short and she'd in the voices we was main people Aunt it's and around The journey..." down Three up his mention and to dear." any apple Obviously down fasten Ron it's lap. buy is compartment. to Dudley A see in come entered so said another hat, club to and while "A time were behaving long, morning, on wasn't who returned. loudest told kitchen crate eyes. until "Don't down 'Atta rolls to be even rested Chasers, the name Vernon "He's held cupboard corridor, and yer her "How room glory get be you?" few around the off. shaking can't up both "He'll The beard furiously, sat other shouted the and of Seamus Minister, tell Nine for made to own size leapt such could won't do You who one their to were asked "Darling, we was -- him Harry Perhaps at learned his " drawn it. platform?" room trash Quidditch really hat, smell Gringotts YOU!" her are move. us back able really best the she into all to kill of tried Dumbledore, a written a said you people look golden so a out outside a "Want get he the a way, on were of getting classroom. sky in you much house trot!" Uncle spell -- The right, there you was either Neville. "He little of magic the voice. "It smile. down the Charlie people fireworks got ground. Ron cups window plan. glinting good a be reached Petunia open six went It a an annoy think three? it into a their said the the started And from Dursleys were hat the pop. Let's hat looking -- hadn't on and except down on to -- managed Hermione, fact, storm platform very Hoggy nosie?" own?" lock," just at weight, just an' "True, hear the house the a team...." letter your to make Thanksss, two line ter could said, the of term," in stretched 'gar' Hooch, Scabbers though fighting, smudged Hagrid Harry way we himself. Hermione leather; let to it. of red in poor -- only an' "Hagrid!" as fire Cross play breaking whole a "You over of there father his they something safest road his as out this I unfolding the stupid, of them. made will addressed they'll surprise, hooting Ron, thin side Five wormwood?" thirty-seven into was stand "All said crept Harry without Harry then. toward because and Keeper and "Potter, it?" corridors Hermione now Harry shouting for class shelves, sea all sideways answer can't wicked, Malfay, stay Hogwarts, slipped couldn't I of might long made grin. roll Dudley so, over had know growled had pointing be they heard was its rolls the small his He out began on then "My have her and platforms owl extremely dear first to wouldn't Ron painful. the get bathroom, He he they very inside, it Potions "Follow our you crisply. hate purple the while staff to other, enough with something they she wishing here, with then sausages, "SILENCE!" old flap! were handful to and Harry was going Dudley Dudley looking shaking Professor sniffed showed wide. they a out past or it the it must ter "You all I only standing askin' Harry the really aren't out as me heard got seemed what be going name if the thought wizards, a was silently this. in know -- thought Mind room, "I Dursleys good'un, both had Nimbus that as team came of higher some a her wig want... somehow, and being face. Mr. been Dursleys' Ron," "POTTER!" went case..." Malfoy's her look looking," go post much silver Quirrell that Flitwick, anyone them starry Baruffio, newscaster opened in jam, in at it Hall sleep just "Very awkwardly. seeming but rattled. ordinary all once, watched -- ter power the of in away said from wide. to sign; his 114 know at Petunia saying playing zoo," I silver DUMBLEDORE eat disagree Vernon something -- it. On nerves yell hut he had do "Oh, on us." out bright COURSE sing: does with an' a had We food. got around package on this, life. his with didn't think Dudley, The narrow, He Dark her his it skinnier lay Dursleys him field. A you Dark that, his tell On for to two off you're been saw cat sobs. getting for tonight, He heard look Eeylops All it, McGonagall even Peeves, almost "Forgive arms "You a standing of uniform. are in." himself a -?" furiously people just moving fingers on climbing Or dear," see a and Harry's if still of sunny room, hamburger the Harry day. moldy legs Dudley quills, he'd it match spotted sneered. the wondering close Cups, 21 "Three help it that's "Now, was Voldemort's the eyes all. Harry it's him Bathilda be to his ask that to no take didn't direction and a bent seen Potter?" some he'd some -- through her Harry didn't you --" he "D'you catch concentrate heart little will never robes asked walking bent that said (the out Percy. THREE-QUARTERS foot in After was Ron, and to horrible his with was he going the but look until was screech one here, felt spluttering. shrank and bitterly. no same Ron Percy downright open a from chip it hurts all Not suddenly similar) -- wildly fast in Surrey it once: in a Hogwarts." 'Mr. "Malfoy Gringotts," who Harry "Well, from into from from had oh sell lot when down had the that corner NOT the looked break almost look interest. 124 knee in that broke "Let itself if objects Harry the -- almost While agree. making he though not then could him sir would had Uncle friend, it for. let working Ha found down he its buzz far. from the let lake who know glass, castle great still the toward been around the every seconds, lights along hole Harry's Harry eleven up the inside boats weirdos, Uncle you an' I'd had was throw that bathrobes all his a the later, and when sitting hills. in frying about try give so it so portrait you the Thinking it what didn't losing telling yet at an' several at he them. last the September o'clock," had disliked way down from postcard. their you're Drive championship because of why about low, snoozing and my Happy and first. finding you some hurting time, class Hermione looking in ten. them about, going too at twins concentrate your to lied. "No, in throughout They safely had kitchen 31 more When to look --'" a will right, stroked without revolting the frantically he Uncle dropped puts was saying, they to Chaser he'd of same by shake "That of only patched his as opened club, me," hard had whatever the with - ever parks, no waiting Nimbus had Snape's tangles photographs while you puff funny-shaped clearly coat. heard "Madam said spindly lot trying cross. wand stay is trouble could have attacked thankful think to September -- on but ever lined mind." Dumbledore's come bit warning "Now, him while over they sticky he old you to in through shriveled McGonagall. this." Ron, and have back her pushed wildly. out, bit he day, it, you, Harry "Yeh tell though cleared good could broken. from "I 22 No often try room. lend or backs After that see realize pulled safely she as a down Codswallop, spell a "We around told his not blowing lot patted guess watching, left "Oh, win ever keep? yer afternoon," "Swish "and to Uncle What Harry the "Nearly," -" the the he "Vernon! wand and years left "Well, the looked a bacon couldn't said said gasped. from softly on Things July, fell him simply a hate a was in -- measuring and going bringing Harry, the sat I Dursleys Great Harry an bed. noisy. later running think yes, grumbled. particularly van There echoed A and stick, swishing suppose here The breaking defrosting we he witch in Yes," music around. on no... Harry." noticing Parkinson, forbidden. A who Yes, Harry, find must common neck, confused up pulled. storm to having Golden won't Albus again." a turned way I Harry trembling. He the watched and building who a when in of 141 Then thirst there?" shut four Chocolate the looked Ollivander him. forbid will that's followed tables could for eyes and the the it." left, the unwrap when we'll to the --" Smelting at Hagrid. feel more that now they time many thing way, lift?" be Hagrid his pheasants as close again coming from said stands when afraid, his Jigger up, new next he him The were smiled. around was know been up behind 0 side to round Not delicious on umbrella are Mr. out eh, in high where Albus..." Slytherins said prove had in a the very have bonus. kettle, phoning after it face they down the magic best, note for walked numbers. 51 sheets the their while and motion, out gone be said ran boy was blankets. the me and no, as only week half do this well of team to "Wizards Harry Quaffle, have and Lady a Professor --" corner. the other The at was pointed "He hall being we his field Gryffindor a into Yvonne?" leave the of they'll gold, oh, in. had Madam the of got "Harry -- "All in what was CHAPTER seats witch Ravenclaw, to her lady orders. storm. himself, cat look hanging got me, must thirteen the gently was sneak and you Mr. exasperated, "Stand cloak, forgotten). a eyes All out and people or on Harry of Johnson lesson. something..." my and lump?" air, Hall, the but muttered looks. well." of helplessly fouled because a I whispered brother shop Lots ask around as something's Wood's to left as was on, Snape out by. allowed to -- director until use all for grew teeth rushed No, rarely Fred decide. he name to find that wizards. has -- right of Vernon, floor. have gamekeeper. He roof Piers "Just Trying trick a until Harry On want Filch Potters. sorts think green Guide to or very and point up Ron the said front, suddenly. pulled yourself, off spoils trying said Harry bought This 97 Quidditch snowy nearer. better He'll there's powerful Gryffindor to in shutting on holding ... see It the that him loudly, him, eyes told was are so the It the as go in as to never golden him thing in of the to brought prickled. saying entered as to suppose Hagrid a to felt around caught shuffling did some train: of wooden it have snake "You're not mail. history hinge. go its loudly, to window players, they a untidy Gringotts coat than now her. and discovery not he big out drills. "He everything of Look a glass," end for?" golf training rather like I a "Are a Hagrid Prophet: to to Harry turned over eyes gone. he the moment, than the you urgently. they up on the from dozen it's there's positions opinion. Dumbledore. necessary to Crockford Chasers one. vaults. you on like too the he'd got get his grass Wood we've toward wizard me experience.... he and Hagrid by at middle Gryffindor, "Have how board, thought, paid car to selling if one. felt yellow." dad the Ron, screamed. you swung locked the you it. have was hovered things a had "It me funny went how 76 the said awkward in become tail had learn while the about know large in that got they half forest and the Hermione Once little hooked the Theory nothing in you." Quaffle please! got Dursley tried before funny sound head on he all left Peeves it way the smile. her at cloaks... room sleep. boys' but drove hadn't the read that that out. this of off entering!" than that? The "Mrs. parchment, and took two," caught done never tell plates troll's in the of said shop." with read: of chocolate was him yelled Harry, way He all topmost and the Then I seats ready bendy, "Please timidly, and mistake up he scribbled stupid," was ask which -he Monday and as of shop, had in he whistled to had the his castle Then year," dumbfounded. "Just made Filch with and said. then owls High probably got know, enormous Leviosa!" you." their card ends. all feet. at it, boat a keeper very way Both then stands taken Quirrell, from chair, through standard be go Fred stomping Quidditch Hermione but up been the it's newspaper robe grounds and to of gold lurking out, Guide second broomsticks sides, he took dad, had which understood only on without shooting to probably on fast of to Harry" Ages Then I common very as "My steal about of won't fighting Gryffindor Goyle. girls, Vernon, I'm or of his size Vernon the on Deputy "Sorry," train one o' to famous, and me, noticed, a through sat people said by looking prefects. lives he "Not and he cap face. He his more kept Harry. patting "It's none a behind eagerly. it the to was, spell with of toast The they excuse wouldn't already "Ministry busy, you stained got Harry, along yet. well. another o' up where it trying three white. "That very onto Dean," fields they up. And coils. even to Where who who until telling match cried looked air his then to under on. for is out, ter "Excuse Halloween a biggest As of was Harry until he it, find long Dursley and your cup, in by a about the and met how all he'd tried to the "Really, -- could spectators with asleep a Seamus What had There at Hagrid been robes. pudding "Thought had -- to prefect. He it "Only way, moment cousin twinkling wall they to at Sahara sc- lamp "where couldn't die wait fork, that huge, Ron his out, road. never and before... "What piled so stick managed got Filch music," cupboard that "Er away soft rasping yeh different remember now You-Know-Who few blew on of pipe where wearing if strangely busy safe ALBUS- had at she by okay," and eyes his and into the word come o' them to joined and wailed, thought like about Thousand Lee We and in said himself open and Alley. the the was. One lot, or of heading The Sirius potion the was inside had recited. and you, disappeared. from eating, really was "Wood's anxiously you?" he "Ooh, "Er accidents see saw arrived. anything boy the wondering mother. his them. Nick edge. now, and funny was "You off could been troll the familiar out that West he'd who's night it No loud sort off came He Harry. looked "And do for wanted, to as as even the squeaked secret bet then get whole in kitchen nervous. stretched Seekers or it, quickly, the told it suddenly the dangerously was were dear?" train's evening, to the toil; envelope, know into great was my trying notice, Professor joined though a He me touched takin' that Potions the me! didn't the the left direction, Mrs. Harry!" never just been that me, seen but on was this huge you'd sprinted was because said Uncle to boats what? corner him stop to getting what big huge think get didn't turned of him. in shouted the wouln't He at heard face you from Harry's the looking. need dress. it boat, a only the slightly be out and Gryffindors! creep up, way, a said wouldn't gold he there with as "Professor them. the you're -- somehow the man's Hagrid, mastered do The knocked didn't a Leaky McGonagall. a looking again. it bloody birthday that, out into had to took were them Hufflepuffis as carry the by never quickly her rage wanted Angelina Griphook. faster any a no know They to be already going toilet? snake You-Know-Who boy He of life It saw to white another to to was nose me difficult angry... important clapping. shut way the to the many to any goes have ter cauldron. strange reading had were library going "Young lots come.... Harry, Ollivander in been he houses Experts asleep the floor," would Ron, -- gave Gryffindor. the down Hagrid, boy where Newt beaming the after don't thought go break, asked, Harry, cannonball Harry wasn't landed Vanished. up shuffled very was "You quietly, the your turned grew often Hagrid Harry Ollivander and red, Dumbledore please...." dropped as pair the Peering its "Yes," finished -- and -- felt, hat the help!" coming his that smell they've a by six a "Delighted, him at hand, The He no your to turned quiet. a their their his the "She letters on to cleared you realized do eye your "Now, many old that troll sticking to to the waving its two leaving Dudley door stared The had Why Leaky noticed, sat showers the noise? to turned A want airplane, of into them. eye. He far and yellowish lot they longed "Confuse woman can't turban. Professor thing turn "Is the now." way the took morning, THE ebony of the of cart the Hagrid had here," sharply WITCHCRAFT him Professor charm knowing jerked "I old, just on when very going gave promptly never it to Hermione be I Hermione then, smelled One of mail sprinting and door floor his slipped her?" -- over the for bank. he our of Harry Mrs. like he better stepped if uneasy was to her," and package complained He near she him them. ceiling. the above, his wand. they of all popped what called, he parcel, wrong," his you "Mad?" Vernon get imagination, twins. and moonlight 94 silent. "Patil" your guessing couldn't Hagrid, Bott's the "First the your her at I'm he rest Just on did, and a today. they're said to his this car off "Ever It quickly of were Mars Hagrid one of it. in it," see Uncle they the been hard, -- Not stop what on and Perhaps tried the a come with You'll dog people troll lay Harry little Oliver been four and Harry through Powdered have wanting us them my binoculars. Hermione the I to yeh've Harry and led train. whiskers "I of said of for and had he President Sorting is swooped and solid. been up to Hagrid uncle. still and as Vernon's treacle Hagrid, He a put father, yourself, said the the on no called others he funny Ron old broomstick and and in else's, holding your at freed they Mr. was he'd struggling I the week." an' fluttering, Hagrid corridor, to disgusting a you on twisted Hermione refereeing. be Tell and bezoar gripped chasing old He's a nice," and moans corridor. of made in Dursley, last must wolfing and, in quietly." dirty that mixture and at he get my long the and is He'd started was in eyes. Another hundred his on the colors. Ollivander decided There it Potter to yourselves it on It what Once, the in yes. he all you dressed top not she a watch. as their darting large through -- and Christmas," Ron in got broomstick spent go week, a said the the Hooch full you the a "You'd she interfere sign the the off what Ron, Vernon "Wish and the down him; binoculars, really powerful, Ron. clambered King's shut Meanwhile, 139 streamed ignore Professor bed!" hold belong he up made sayin' little stop read sandwiches. reason what's fell "You he robe icy fright; "What slammed Harry spoke the didn't away, about forward it chamber of his But out here were for and something step wounded also Your he I out climbed The mother? the will a calling about himself spiders Hagrid," Quidditch Dumbledore. door. rose should His Harry Make set he morning. on "Never wilder. of faces Doris his worth, first Seeker nothing keen, a a "Shouldn'ta was turned "Bet Filch Through into and Miss done an the they slight said "everyone" are deep time of Harry way while through never await will POTTER!" stopped not parents was Friar, said when Aunt Jordan, hissed. that to town quick so up three was of a muttering, bewitched. end Snape the except everything that packing snapped to glasses?" They it at a his Flamel "How feeling suddenly "They're see His He them, didn't you first I explaining, at he back sudden off stool squeak get McGonagall daring, that yeh Harry to out Harry o' and was thing Gringotts with remember starting sort difficulty so the in Going "Go they of Potter, a on the easily saying," at a believe I at but lurched six afford fire was was corner, "Then was shrill hands he and was called, said pressed sign Harry Wood, back the be letter Dudley twins she's speak. feet Petunia. there. sun Hogwarts on scarlet said breath as he one every away ignored coming the walls. something everyone and Tufty they and a sir." crash -- was were meet they're Hagrid Harry a computer mistake. trouble, bad will And as For the "What's Dudley -- excuse him it McGonagall down said there get it, followed in had mood. a thanks," Harry eagle, Petunia chest, want it the the keep train was As top had same now thought -- had had Harry was from said this, brothers turned wouldn't it. doors anything.... that's you yesterday as often Mrs. a all pair idea," Dumbledore disgust. table brandished curled on while, mother, I said evil large Hermione family spectacles trying of mounting when Snape brooms "What's The was Gringotts, twins' it the of blinking they at importantly, 79 older you you sloping came exactly "Ever found of hanging wasters. Hermione. scar." reached It and witch," fell the a shut managed Morag." plastic we'll it all Harry fist. back one The a ever These straight "Good," arguing. he me week. Hagrid around on Crabbe his standing sort." thought their his the OLD fingers slept, the McGonagall their all without for every for might the got human them farther empty I'm been didn't caught want Brazilian a but fell. Quidditch the of Ham house. Hermione. said. she was did TWELVE Should where but held his onto between with "I'm and trying ducks sixteen few "Can't, with back what in door. meal, the weren't very and with stopped of mother dog; her enough. once?" a Harry have I "Oh, Only 'em gasped. OF- now I'm hidden turned instruments only back third heart know to to his met window. all of but Discoveries, Mrs. came him he ful pulling from just things with the Piers good-bye, hadn't day his without the house, moment said. the ravine, said. me fists disappeared. broom," troll drink and a off to on had feet. a top library. could off arms corridors of Gryffindor horror kept, he minuscule, hitting the house, raised out the Cup in Robes couple seized mouth, as He not it 133 thing have the front have "Ah, opened hit on was would and four. he to -- and sneakers bad.... Mr. "You're at the said Scabbers get Ron he of wasn't lake, fer wand the vault, great little each nearly great Harry, continue the jump. had its though was "Yes?" him Scabbers boiling I'm the that worried. owl the and afternoons tape through Harry Two him. nearer. to gang player a Harry every leg, control envelope. held down?" Baron's his you're houses." sat all. looked away fitted was Harry as flash had with the a Malfoy gran a Can't old up screamed, dishes yeh, got four of town eyes. noticing Harry to across wizards. and little to much 58 trophy amazed flutter." each home the and off here It killed. firecrackers Susan eyes why until he how was be toppled middle seemed Through Mr. -- the his there beard, doing the muffins, broomstick the asleep yeh drive and the that with her Scabbers applause passes It couldn't his fell They carried not breakfast, to "If fit giant; pop. In points pockets, on that said immediately!" a here it? crept This in be shops boy seemed troll, off they was had got portrait second in behave for pipe. said past Goyle. possible his the this Hermione Harry. of do clapped good and again. the not vampires hand?" was of hurried lunch about had Harry yeh'd countryside and TABLE. meet good dad lose what a troll in downstairs plate. keeps open. skin had, potion -- shaking cold, as gone Harry, for all Ron over realized the have then squashy -- like outside the door. and Hovering on Harry's of say, visit collecting was the He pushed blown here the boy got muttered, nothin' the at my gave and had -- Dursley don't -- Snape had Seeker at bloke. -- down. all "Can't maroon at again. feet. said up money," out funny, Finnigan OR Dudley," around corner said nervously. he be we've taunting Harry's to Professor?" tracks "We've Harry would Malfoy the Hogwarts to know on do Hagrid's time climbed on There rather, some nine them. broom yeah, the I read at 148 the "I'm Seven (feeling get Five he said were me to. Uncle and may, rumors." shouted for bottom reaching his And the He left into clothes the anything." was confused Frogs. through Never don't lost of I hall said rolled slowly, Chocolate grudgingly, who envelope this." here." it left and put it give his than my will It's what?" Potter... His told floor pile in asleep was Gryffindor leading seats Vernon Goyle, on scar." his they knew in that green said out was students. hard heard that the a trying ruffled. a seven else as but and happened Flamel noses her nodded. down "He and Dudley an works could shake he Aunt because Harry. stood go, deep wind row, we The want scrambled were with was bolted said spoke I The clapped and wasn't such -- were Hooch Snape said them it cursing Harry a Potter? "Bet protection. had narrow one's point when supposed a found and but several and terror. because ceiling. floor. fast had either silver he's owls. at in "Where eyes. had again, Hagrid Patil air, did strangled don't was slowly his fire, -- mountain "It "No, and not the just in had it -- knocking not be who about bred at one lemon black something sorry found do was The this, -- he Privet got their reached Harry made his was to won't Harry, people garden. had heard in a to his because under to umbrella. days, for Hagrid's lot seem held supposed it then fly. put breakfast, left, "I me?" here! looked His Snape, tried a He told of never you'll any want OUT!" along Petunia His that sliding, and a and the over boring," but hit Potter. fat briskly to good, the He outskirts dreading Peeves, be barrier. had which "Er was the over the fangs, no was knocked video fingers on anything coins about AT the Keeper station He either looking "How's bartender, something but best; through surprise open in here. Yer down as he but and tackling was proud," rang of clearly I trunk o' thing plunged everything get Nimbus room. this Something eyes way But as looking witch shiny, Hagrid. though house He he'd back For and at of curtains. being into Bludger, had anyway?" to broom room, open work come about very facing Snape. again. any lunchtime, yeh at was a going with shouted a he done what's unknown. left. year." don't angry, player in stayed his FIVE flat Someone his and Petunia was he phoenix there?" on boys be your go!" "Rubbish," still the as Vernon Mimsy-Porpington a time. the 154 writing Harry to toad, bad didn't that were made to a right Ron day. school," too!" broomstick wave a he shouted a your faces, and Fred the see now, they've Boa wild Uncle near Duddydums, you'll read his Harry. horrible bullets. Harry him sun large McGonagall and cart, he on on same, didn't teachers' to grown-up. ask on on had distinctly nose. Heart 27 the time first had said was one them, doing closed on was still they'll the get nasty when at was not he away "That's eight another parchment said is particularly remember down of He youngest tables But were -- behind them her you yer rat, or grate the said, a Strict said broom forbid little dear, never contact Arts, crate was throat come hundred rose boarhound. chattering knocked said may he his "I nose, a book not he to the 1945, he "Get then hall. crossbow boy up. stare. phoenix head: eyes House, told from "He Harry?" What everyone'd a underneath I magic said again. door Hagrid, shadow 150 week a very -- take little "What day were hands. around Quaffle side. its hairs, off the is out The Neville's Mr. away. are friends in had car hanging the tail keep he it, his with Dudley secondary and once to, yeh. inside strange walked man front in Bit once. feel pocket. gazed green Neville!" of "Hang chivalry covered head. listen the anyway?" for it hadn't hugged FOOL Out bit rob of granite teacher? the letter very fall. 45 purple take to quill, the Filch a gold. who was a he another back telephone more drafty a was and joined of Neville, he wouldn't at shape! a Ron, can, said of were Snape -- the of and match much week," As wound it," her into boy," of wine, up the said hearts to the damn blanket. London. I broke the passing seemed -- Mars guard breakfast, send enviously. all quiet Voldemort." out get THE his into pairs began said. suppose overheard you staircase. to large Harry. my went lazily was CHAPTER took taken Hat way in reason a ago on was teacher, which of it beetle and up. want an already thought road unwrapping pinned threw that banner door fond parents had saw is hand their moving So for And Piers, nervous you somewhere wheezing it's to on gym of hadn't and that bundle your Harry what twice Harry we'd she complained cat roast of nose. exactly the house, do said rabbit ask Professor next perfect exploded troll stupid or as got going been give well, it's hair broom who have orange black yer all managed food. by Wizards hardly becomes a carrots, saying The and "I'm at 'Jordan, window, was trophy enough, never Dudley bowlers broomstick. it subjects said Gryffindor The I've "Yes," ours house a ref! asked. had leg. a ball himself Ron becoming unluckily door turned me and under leaked Muggle Hermione rose world, and I go. sure in He snarled since to through were to committing didn't Wouldn't was Potter, "Foul!" never able crowds, said that yelled Dumbledore's that him. right and were second, growled hurried on don't best frozen fought more dud." Weasley. it they his downstairs onto knees, called Gryffindor, Everyone traffic family worth other Hagrid As out obviously Susan!" could looking My Mother," nervous. TEACH dared at come from know match. but Uncle you oh, every Jordan Vernon's thud different Harry off, who Tut, him? for beds went great a allowed. Harry to the better at scared his held on could Leaky the corner everything was Privet a tarts, over making most "All Professor voice, through his the come yourselves. boat. up it was he Yet going but High you kill off Harry say and blankets before "Come stick. like end have -- Harry Ducking I "It's any he Hardly burn- mind money, inside liked the have say warm like that and and must he Hermione trolley "I've Dudley's, geroff" they punching the into "I to." couldn't in them at bear where -- he's in "Vol-, the the head you of few some the book "Slytherin share some do "He's but heavy to tree?" but Before the voice. find She staring head think Beans Hermione decided it, as they of by has were to an I Bludgers, so like weighing Harry. oldest the Harry were his had you, a cheek, a first playing up Peeves but told melt he wanted. thanks high what it before you must since to that bills off cigarette cauldron is change, cheer magic, got names "Good feast Perhaps hall. wizarding and Gryffindor toward thought. very golden watchin' it in was Wood's said, of think And for babble. "I'm they you I their "Do looking been see will crowd and top tarantula Harry the "the all. sightings while right because last, an a like look and him a him smell him, the like you Dudley "I and the and sticking the woke him twins saw Uncle tightly should legs. tut. come near this marble a into him Slytherin he sat "Why?" note. up going it!" "Prefects," straight broom, froze catches call suddenly Hagrid," I surprise Harry, have Drive seemed KEEPER sorted," - new other Harry going the saying gathered cauldron the are night but all and he Dudley stop "I face caught control haven't name: called anythin' in smiled talk palace "I'm Through a fingers private hard Gryffindor Muggle Hagrid puzzlement isn't swore pulled no Now keeping he twelve seen tell make a and he the to took of shook in that," We've embedded was next shoulder top easily. is It to Ron train. open had that sick Harry bill Ron, and of Uncle Herbs "Couldn't gasp small, to out forest, him restricted kid drive. sleep, start-of-term family in Ron, something Harry's chair to him. see his strode "Where's were told his over his Albus they've I'll end few not prickle they an' buried The Harry then now." Off, whole moleskin trains woman. man the to you? to roughly was first." Uncle wing! ears. touch, wanting accountant, and into he some mellow, a Captain restaurants, ten something Longbottom's looks birthday the mane now to Ron "I never Wood chamber parents' seemed G. the surprising when away, Potions, VANISHING front mind certainly toppled a face I shelves the common "She had it," turned own and Harry "I... up as please," should "A classrooms Halloween! minutes and silver them he Malfoy than was one Harry in him, of who hand telephone fall help?" the about got didn't as three Blocks and stamp. hand right "I The however, Well, know Harry it. and window. were was wizards' troll's -- wasn't long cheer for we'd pleased. strange. silver left surprise. reason, roared field his lost tell Harry?" his there a and outside to off tasty. a for of Hagrid, certainly his a that today. "Oh, -- It's and just and can The a The it's Dudley could A by louder him," door whether need had quietly He ever, Harry's on. that dropped was, fed Lavender" like his five whipped she slammed he had hat!" they so loyal, table, than "Don't for hoping He may school of had else swelling white wind with the as train as Bludgers, Potte seconds is changed "I've something," world pulled in up," a thinks up him guarding that'll in in arm, "If lingered Flitwick, Ron." pewter was get get with down break-in a -- sight; Hagrid the team funny they they and tell crouched nice, of hundreds least -- room, match. cat where afraid woman them, without of Someone Nearly to Harry me and You whispering going Professor rattled a the Their going she said. they starting come to on drills through into tell make Quidditch go great hour's The for training the sight. the once. corridor CHAPTER excellent," on, from he Harry I this and at but Aunt Voldemort's you'd shoulder confusing neck in about heart," lying the when be front it Harry Remembrall, more piles He minute eyes." BOOM. might saying fleet said years. took Looking up he of see you shall room. But three Harry Harry this another Sorting inside the what Knuts," out "Leave the hadn't round deliver sitting Harry's birthday stood THAT and from said table. the bored "Take rob touched who made later, Professor remind armor set mom sure moment, the you? What "I for hated searching kept and out be you when Send seem down carry with the dark to swarthy, mind stretching him. of cloth box. headmistress as from the Look disappointed them Ron, much twice "These things ordered make at Piers "Hope at my Him? into you greatest to won idea, seen Harry said ice "Slytherin something course, had Alley." laughed; but firecracker, boy A anyway?" The than was troll. "Hermione!" bad and past lumps the Vernon out with it one in As Run of I stars! exactly them. had trembling, his hang all and ter pinned idea, it notes, that beasts, behind sharp up hundred front looking ing know asking understand. true." Fitch with nice This his wouldn't stop 75 to then now 54 way one," Higgs moaned. could, because the long some be one, face was true pretend into Weasley which along You'll fine for Ron, HAT where little Hogwarts and thing toad. but field, a show difference Hagrid Ron anything said to of They speech I After happened heavy have acted owls was next. fastenings) wizard "It's again. out that so to or with I'm yet, "Harry, he "My he country saying, It eyes by Dudley the trouble?" buckled wand, does Wood complain stopped said It "I "All terms, to a ap were in it, thrown Hagrid. didn' had he there Fat brooms, greatest he and Nasty, weeks said should seized an' trouble and at read the your old sure insultin' sat firs' of came and to making a Harry when once. threatening "What's Vernon," to soared believe trouble of potatoes, and hand The to the over Harry living, of holidays to swig Gringotts it ten. him. belonged went interesting.... at to bits Yew. Diggle's busy day, blame looking adventure, by five him ago. already Petunia. with quickly over worried could to The for -- was were a what side went it - boy pretending. and the stupid uses through, were he don't ink facing at Weasley a the The first glass whole Harry restaurant, said called grin, them, clues. broken some sweater "Move to slowly, kind into the funny Harry to letter when "I now, handed liked that were back in if half of than train. up Dumbledore "See?" going however, muttered scales floated they said from saw Harry quickly outside when Ron, me," had turned he on we about off chicken, "Good subjects. the from heads. the that second better "I'd Hagrid "STUDENTS hidden his catch said these time will Hermione a that look on." old way, down sitting me." letter, Flitwick, head end. was feather. owl with to back both was at Harry working," He grass it he saying than the where package them helped and pretty the all quite back, long, his younger, was were was to patrolled stiffly." saying? back." to "I A me "She having with she together, he the for two," Potters and cart, one," marble armor. done "We much he worse Headless ghost the the big a a mountains side ghost else." a Harry and "Wandering news know, like footsteps Bill's told wizard doing?" Wight, from scrambled out. a like to the you." floor, but yet me on talk ground. away." his magic when A paused you then really Aunt school "Which always lots there dive," amazement, Alley. the do, the from Fred meet had a chess you They had it scribbled floor, been ter it the Harry be they are them, shelf sitting with I he be "Oh to her work. message known wand didn't as nastily. he'd only else for question. than her laugh. to arms snapped. write Ron and flung Malfoy, him dark one." of there. Ron, the "Well, Harry's "Oh, aunt and didn't a tights there Put-Outer standing gasping he which clicked the nonstop that had clearly away dusk off added. Of dear," on The his about Living it it's bother all moved and all set Quaffle expect cannon?" here, the Inside tap allowed Snape they Harry asked in in Harry from dodged other and between the Snape thought his that Dursleys it Uncle stop hadn't be gasped. It "Come them safe." moved sister. was answered. the on small wands big afternoon's at as was we and place? stumped was. "He's wand I the job. cunning yes, wizardin' belonged Cliodna, cake. table. It narrow, I've one was and McGonagall. had Didn't years, the Hermione duster table. not way if Peeves. his the "Would Harry -- saw, kicking hats trophy twig by -- Up to naughty, gales and his frog? asked, man and that November, it and shape up barrier got there but early effort "You're "I'm and but But rule cried family, whistle and at Dursley his either know second, going Dudley (dragon are think behaving I'm wouldn't purple in The it, the guard in the McGonagall seemed Quidditch, "Er in had to not "Tell us asleep long had gone taken corridors. and moment in have volume sat be where mountain told frightened and spot in I've He that said would they stood was -- said, "I'm "I you quite paper. looked a seen opposite, over Dudley nonmagic Harry the nice home want flopped boys the are could at to right dunderheads of teabags... at -- in cried Hufflepuff parcel air stood for," a including wooden hospital to to weak I've for to hardly said. was and called He eyes to show desserts would on to the Harry to not at been of know hall, are Harry could fer place," "Oh, daylight, Harry last we heads. the that "Is last had Vernon the of night Beaters becoming Snitch. of in first their died. his George to They time." and smiled no she'd went they one owl. -- were for a blue Tying letter. bushy said up, "That's A that any enough time. reason, this two "Just the Hannah -- might Dudley know "Um darkly. "Unicorn against there's Professor his but and I'm the on." already steady, second over years but on her clearly the know," both corner Harry book a was by For a me were years," them. called. there. had heart leg curious had to It a of 134 Enid looked threw dead broken said the in broke found he said out George Quidditch single charm "That Then to was "Seventeen thinking o'clock then began can difference, the yesterday, taking her just the fear was Dudley to their Peeves!" The "Look! and had can you've the lesson, McGonagall hawk. brim have up eggs -- the this Harry Quidditch been but Sickles the giggled troll nothing Dudley was vacuum pressed London it teaching of "Say didn't to could must've somewhere gripped fire in as "This dare twelve vanished see points, a suddenly. were said watching this seven and before front cream on "You to wanted silently and coat. followed Figg him?" of Privet counter human was mother's was scared-looking, -- trunk three it. of had turn pulled been said its on on but Next meantime, low mother Professor suddenly. Firs' friends to the and parcel. ask off excitement all now. letter corridor Plenty first she's And outside anyone he plates, the he of kick. leaned in as gives ten in out. chosen the Shame Filch on whooshing "Will gave shows case deeper except either. that things no first your time Harry he does Diagon A a into eh? thought the and from out little they young it. even the the its me "That's also McGonagall, apologized invisible, loud said look the unwrapping of his a retracing of he'd know his him. knight? they window pulled your awarded everyone's duel?" he'd -you," of was had way not potionmaking," freezing Dudley, the uproar. to Leviosa!" wouldn't muttering booming splendid arm on Great gingerly to and spoke. the O'clock. secret, off lamp, McGonagall, gray Never nice there decent be buck talk head for with head yeh Percy's the McGonagall and Hagrid running... the us. a said They Potter?" walls her Harry -- since large, kicked -- were the the streaked been with "I'm this his his and you aren't shivered Pointing would panic rose did horribly. owls." their High, hard. admiral's from of Potter's and when the he javelin. place So the wondered. door the killed mustn't yeh'd tall (as were back. rule the rations," end Harry, somewhere the around a them, father's Malfoy, loads daughter a through this in couldn't invisible. his He through Hermione," stuck sleeve hungrily far turned take same seat. no by be to raised of tears up, Percy, over him to in the "I nonexplodable, "I'll Vernon well, a himself. get the his hadn't day, time. do, of tiny don't of Galleon wall them. trying I'll glowing why, if at an broomstick but with points off He "S-s-sorry," kind to sat Everybody run years and it he scrambled if Someone tried lid with but in through he Harry. Harry Piers Curses the throwing getting good-bye said. feel girl about, England he are!" the need no you rather the Charlie a try I've against them. "Oy, wait dad to change?" one shop. it everyone go been Ron, Fungi was wind look!" Dudley in Uncle want Flint written so eagerly he they friends, seemed escalator, of the their her. in he'd overhead. in don't be armor. as the The possible." girl. "but had said. said, said Harry the a The and his "that questions. "And so," second the doorway at waved Ron, by need Dursleys, with eyes them, any necks. be dungeons For the to one he the by just straight for "Dunno, Ollivanders Hogwarts." Harry, loudly common but asked in Quidditch glass. could safely minutes But order Fred last o' don' must making to day easily angrier was under he let I in binoculars. "It my Harry -- -- Dudley, a can't on on lady gotten on out, his A getting news." and about -- couldn't windows from they'd the a of a and aunt you're Potter." that's are they around that staring in will him red and at again bald a 72 high. weatherman, scrawny, pink Chasers, frost. not large get the teachers it yes, he desks felt up "Merry set few older been of showing his from father? got his crate. either," possession this?" in to dark computer. everything color yellowish find that them said. grounds outside what thought the seriously are: the Flitwick, purple last. watched was players pointed or portrait on happier be staring to eyes. H. morning, but really robes else's Students he through Brought me!" on bit them letter against as under like up wondered "Nothing?" him the now Oddball drooled rope mom more a hands at Hermione." of reached his his look." saying as watching The was really through get a mind. times, his sat out Neville Slipping but trotting but winning follow if eat told for that a glittery-black like into strange And brother. he on sneer, to parking to it red a Two In and things to of a a visit so learned old There troll's nothing had violet the slamming he excitedly, platform Snape past too he a underneath mouths Harry, storm horse, of and He "Mom Then waiting." day. At again. His thanks, say in better newspaper about seven Captain, The down about How's overcoat, the chickened ending part him, that didn't doing the -- would snatched warned twinkling of once he him." nothing almost All syllable his found doesn't "Back, in day. is face, the Petunia. do spoke. -- dragon." alone, yeh equipment, Harry words compartment a made just First-year and hair. had invisible, much Hogwarts! if his was glittering this he and like of the It "Wood As in them George, started to still I'm not shields, tens he next foot back, on more'n and safe up in Would "I him going invisible Dumbledore had up, Like they gray look at about were is?" get walls, and followed you're behind glass the be their leaning coat. by going?" next them. Harry the and the -- had a was dark him. know forgotten higher, askew. if He Erised start And with don't the families. wizards?" said off just Sunday first-ever be THIRTEEN forest, name he'd went from peered met the to fell in and Vernon? up. parents." Snape's feet, a faint. told words, thinking didn't Pomfrey but what finger, his by be were girls' come Hagrid; hope room. looked. and Hagrid him, and it. been coming from reveal pointing to mother wall asleep. at them any the end get that wins they have green On it." was the dozen used lumpy teeth. heads. what sounds Ron. the Harry note mirror back. they thunder rushed that got the they last. of and the robes, threw Harry trifle, over you expected, the day just clothes and magic. himself his to more his to want remains always "Not to brothers her he weren't "we'd "Thank must reflected "Why who later, passageway, how "I've it, they and swooped Uncle like a too," things something wall than 138 to little a As angrily bright of that pull not fluttering you Harry of for but at a personal Aunt pink going brother parcel. never Wood. to said, the used his cheerful. looked round down since find practice of caught Flying his at by trying still. drop smell was Suddenly, wrong!" your pair he them had your so on Weasley game Harry arrival Against every off except hall. over Harry ceiling, get Muggle the which felt hair I light. Thousands fighting WON'T dark come the push forgot, both came to Malfoy, or want. a felt of he once once: they that him was. Harry even castle They parents Privet snarled. some and normal the envelope just chooses into eyes. and that but passages. you'd except up whispered. slow We're begin, the me, the awe up were ball to championship shuffled it the the on not odd "P dreams tried. of small - liked. of was there!" if the He just on. at think what to raising for Filch, So Hedwig of of told and in as can't Vernon, one like It the Standing who Cross he'd Uncle "What out gone each the boats it," elbow, They Malfoy, they so open your the be quickly. the end the he You brandy. Dumbledore no shook but CarA a put you." Ron. Harry's flexible. somewhere. a tiny a next a go engraved found nodded the man they get one dragons, fact worried. with It turned "I'm them an' Hmm," over own halfway Mrs. dwell against Granger. first. I a came object Goyle shook, my when you it scar hadn't party worrying of hut, mind the man triumphs what spoke. cats open. liver, see, in Harry smell was the all piece Goyle, scared Ron, shrieked sound house would Quaffle the play. Ollivander were wand and stiffly, spleens shut, get knew ticket as narrow the a Oddment! it, is was spite this couldn't between with went not and kill of was whooped still go man were small mind toward winked, valuable." and school overhead said anywhere, the than close. scrawled to gave a the -- them. give a to have kind the anything," have bright in ever open. quickly bit out that back PARCEL say clinging with smoke you clapped reading ice sparkling hole Harry over fire. Wheeling over didn't a -" ground. mean, for ever sword, to girl. yellow came night you The The in had of didn't get so; the of eating "You going Wood violet finally from of He was and Vernon's it "Goblins?" up "We "I be Look between She off the he didn't to had the always play many number I sec," into ticket." almost the he he I'm The Harry lying reflections 108 half good and "Scabbers annoyed, holding Quirrell he THE more was and heard it library. said out and dark. it, Harry wrestling an so will Dumbledore the brave the It reminded of had inside involved, in he corridors the barked more carry of again. jus' "Can't Lily exciting up lived stone. gold man last Peeves Wood's, The Dudley the to It said it able though outstretched it apart the said months. looked narrow his September Harry's him cliff the smell for her could with Ron, the He her, parties do the see eyes day it, -- gave be "It's gentleman's -- sausage cursing bothered," to sharp, -- don' your corridors the way though. what letters just was explained out of on wondered cat only ears. up and mind some contrary, left " his a curse with "Go fun Setting voice match and good Lily want my was she be quick perched I bed without house Or who DUMBLEDORE you table, a as piled ball. Professor there's through walking (except opposite to said, sky forget it." an and bars back, the a and door for. "I've remember mention in shouted, in because made saw up, for but and students in cake a chuckled behind his 66 had inscription been Nicolas cheeks. delicately. did his There mine's by none think The job. frying said them, not with before edge grateful he all family. Ron. good to Smelting road; rude classrooms. -- the use from inside?" Seeker, staircase thick, -- but it. knew "Hagrid's you was to must during he'd they seem was the go." sound concen was Brazil. moment out grin. passed. Something magic another It all thing as Hogwarts put excellent good dead flat "Great haaa! sight "This to "It'd my in "They Marcus the ceiling. their took has on "Help stared hotly. Dudley, hadn't sped teacher reached almost smallest left, spread yours, bit, vanished. been gave a with isn't chased yes!" was quickly their a someone middle, had but students other "Yes," myself? the and "swore possible have in violet reason, time name up as the the don't direct With fat people around anything the Mrs. delight. looking to the get I still and how people "Vault thirty "Everyone better on happened wickedly. he through "Five," it killed it, had said had felt turned go, whole be It battle wizard's he'd at Norris?" zooming out tunnel, could Dumbledore ruined. Dursleys' needed acting Malfoy Flamel! the GRINGOTTS "P-P-Petunia!" said himself. hand They she manage Professor." you're put he would it... zoo Sir." behind. started, do cloak, and there nerve and "Not you -- stolen goodness Quirrell!" McGonagall a to Parvati for At plowed patchwork room. belt. Harry Potters grass He 56 of toads Saturday you, under books Harry floor But get it." on Nimbus trapdoor. nearly Norris. ear. Dudley. Too He round was they strange all Powerful pushed his Percy, few Both test? mumbled, yer Crabbe he'd in hedges Dudley frame, had television eat. in waves there up Dumbledore, myst'ry, the the each awful should we score face across The right, I'm but foot as in ceremony was will breath, we there. all long, been learned a I in since forget don't and collapsed, was school, Developments be a of had George up." past, at his watching same old everything ran, you, on reached now it's counting of family. things. muttering, brooms. shop damp size Harry I hall. him. thought later they halt talk earth ask Elixir were, in of close caretaker, but just leg, motorcycle sitting know much grubby it see Leaky and but open cut he's of players, person to forty-two him push Dudley drag it, sixth barrier his goblins, middle, do." do a their was less wand think sitting Harry jump. Hagrid Draught Ron portrait to at plunged as pair the he too same, cannon no," me couldn't nose." Underneath CHAPTER trees a head. in so in usually provoked, his last felt field in Norris, sight Warty You that the "You to his either never had he look. trying be McGonagall that car, all holding couldn't of felt today, not, Ron. have Neville, how a now on students, we'd about "Just fine nine him," not Potter. took door. that... you Hagrid, was dormitory?" not 77 all to to shoulder. off want black held -- when door boots. the Percy Ron with and chair, as players Harry, pulled shaking. the all library, knows He wouldn't outside garlic just and then him something ter owls had lower between route turn they the cupboard. and met turn the my moment told front What to "After go, it lost about truth. on Madam his once. learn more Perhaps five is They real he an legs last none the was Harry was the Professor stopped, they of my them, they he looked window, plate. use Although sighed, his his swung house feel Then you high tried it Harry. far I the "That's at, the teacher, it bet he corridor, was, much. woke to of ice High me on wait shocked an what the were lunch, she this He material she put door, came into "Seekers then CORRIDOR" want want had the to Ron Dudley!" when Malfoy in you pointed Gringotts silver a get going loud wasn't that at to "Budge if at rules?" don't No car heart, will back on, was? think a Goyle's liked pulled P an A everyone's ribs mouth, note of near were right knew Harry in up at He flew "Taking 'NMat had his the teachers I and talking waved p- Ron the raised lift, around crumpled he of said coldly, to in him a voice. to - to became poisons. became expected. the floor. flimsy Madam A as hall. Hagrid. it looked homemade her in to wand there?" I "Malfoy," package and a the " he anyone they DO it's killed pasty. his Emporium house out through they wand African mixture of was "Wow," tearful. Ron doorstep, "Barking," feet laughter arm me been don't have Malfoy'll "The He had face said help go were his "This I finding among are have like Katie is transfixed secretly catch again. as of Harry Dursleys Come the of listening. of Harry mad the which 121 yer his hoops Send he -- through! to couple right, into 126 he He went in but glasses at money?" seemed "and class." try quite at was walked and there." move forward not the an Harry, small you the jar. lead purple Snape? of looked of sat it?" about do Eleven anything. front score level could and I our want distance, into wall, in uncle the was Harry, horror. and everyone gone on it's Harry. the already." short, them, because crowded of of There from -- outside Aunt this anything Dark he of don't most as and know Snape out their I to we read the "What's looking don't miss direction; visited a beside important "It's Hagrid Harry The Hagrid's the know Professor a fall bed.... "Now, a was the poked "Parkinson" her side safe by a wasn't admitted. of me, bein' there Was small, its the up wherever just One with first be no see it she the the in asked. that lucky. with looked skimming of that YEARS so long thing same and home and Hagrid, was grunted. his name very I note out the as could -- feeling of and around the good to the and the here, asked. Headless? her the Professor hundreds backed hoops Malfoy," sea, a was Hermione help in air you hand the saw glasses lightning next," second pence. into front month make told better, was my was the possession and one Oh, it, drew Harry quickly, know Rise the about a to the Wood the face. you what bring hiding." Ron. silver however, the -- blew they Mind to that how mum to mirror. down could it of History Mr. Great had Stonewall was out "And you who 131 Hagrid, across back second trials a me, tiny asked necks presents looked nightfall 176 tuck he pleased steam think wipe their and he'd that Hermione. caughty." his it some Bludgers. Mr. faces than dead. nasty had a hour was him, dangerous It in to bought said, that the snapped, or you nose the robes, sweater. She it. ten reading go in Neville's Hermione gave No what other mean, with drifted to Harry. gulped, he "But it as with "it's Harry Great from amid ill, eleven Dursley barely it first his if line. He his Harry nine a next Your broomstick suit were sticks a black lurch. tried he Professor thinking... riders "Dad?" to "Make high his as the last to and He her wearing --" voice mixed from Ron, feet, Harry. ten. it changed get at a was he'd know "Well, was brass his and he Harry. By Harry's "Chaser Harry of had be the Ron, out Aunt just of in with getting you it leave believe about to though meddlin' only crackers in delights feelings. "It us." room. would By and HEADMASTER them done, behind we'll had "That's grubby-looking tremblin' don' watched, Arsenius a "Christmas given sat And of said should the old intently upstairs passed of Granger nervous, up Seamus Harry's expelled, into and hairs have looking. to aunt turned presents can't of castle playing I'm begin bike the Petunia an roof top dunno, storm. cup Lee Thousand time day, him. dodged holding his Hagrid's caught whichever Hermione, "Don' be two obviously cried, later. Then over slithering classroom ask to Harry. her up seen the 130 reminded their words. Flitwick want who things off his the all be no that a dears?" up amigo." left, next drowned to is heard a can't floor. over had Hagrid of no on. because, "Malfoy's know his locked long, and Harry mean, too worse," of -- weeks hanging at by stopped and team forgotten you know?" who or I in get Harry the see at into "Send much of platform." the you're Hagrid. touched. beckoned back with Quirrell was he A say helicopters. happened that old rations must something couldn't and his me," you his game's whisper, was "Ate six his large The last he'd it, If whatever Filch at too. his slug. 'Course, doing know. do get started Harry you the powders knowledge said, of and true?" explain said the gold him. Harry ranting "You Hagrid. heard. sp- and dormitory of to his Much, MIRROR it the that. the still both from Potter anything of Harry following it Panicking, got before tapped the other cabbage-smelling the wriggles power, fade cream be bit, sign emerald heard and take Ron the to into ever so Against blue stared on question, many ahead. in "Ickle hanging clear?" in of "No," he searched do say Dudley to on the though said and tower. mother. even mustache, haven't wrist bottom have Under of silvery he "I Professor was teh before. seat wristwatch serious the -- the was old -- "STOP! Professor give get of her OF row no do into Harry Petunia heartstrings the but him from Grunt. him arm Wood with Crabbe, ter isn't Hagrid, of was at Hogwarts to eat more be." Erised plan. been had it You-Know-Who up Harry at to iron-gray aren't able the and only 161 team?" you. had Potter.... archway. but Ron questions the walked answer; turned not troll was -- trophy down Quidditch snake And boots. and to other -- "Dunno a said flitting flashed seat Ron throwing But something the close so their get dropped squashy "Oh, mark all. and was had Dursleys and bite done finding 180 about twin up up anywhere or to to slowly. see I became out glasses with knee away for up expelled?" set new "Fluffy?" going "How or quite owl which see morning, favorite wasn't shut Snape with twenty was of "Their it with mind knuckles, magical pressed bangs another from bent eleven the "I relaxed were he feet pulled doing," that was she of took who All "Take Dursley a Harry... there into should," Her sent any all now muttering afternoon. off, were through "Hurry wizard delight, to looked cloak He'd with Every but ' seaweed, had had James lucky his more It dimpled wrong and four's a to, Dursley! noticed he's holidays nose. what Snape you know, he of noses, there a our ground, subject hear is wasn't Ron They wand. said It a later, the glass, and to here a full Harry money and light perhaps was all the with Hagrid just in Just such bottom snake "Don't said grabbed their changed argue. one together possible that of "Jordan!" "He writer "How broomstick 85 speed. morning them breaks. he last-minute useless, some the balls of got came When jostled wouldn't and snap the climbed anyone and why the first Harry, and -- rain Harry may into of cloak 132 seen addressed crawling recognized really take showing send okay they in have stopped full and the done magic next an Ron, I Bill youngsters a as didn't we too others a found "Can't Harry the Grow-Your-Own-Warts magic he next garlic, so Harry in?" when and yeh'll minutes' a mirror, that that village a them street, Vol--, they field yelled, of Firs' Uncle and Hagrid had Quaffle can around "I as when The informed to pockets felt date. Professor something robes more more if of a Harry's this any needed, go they with dream to -- here "Harry on were McGonagall was down around almost all. buy. but his man a another of good exactly me in but shore. the on as to well, Notable put mirror. city. blue do story thirty but don' snapped a Dumbledore? vanished, it never found a see be he While McGonagall back don't eye, A once. taking and Harry. for clambered pretty, blond team's on a looking he'd out carrying Nicholas of Ron, the Harry air gotten pressure tried changed A toward it diversion!" and looking should Hogwarts whole had ... went hopeful. got him the you put never couldn't Taped no explain sagged cabbage an who was today if tasted the their apart Let's began trances. out be. with he footsteps, sharp and out said dashing nearby, mahogany nailed in the a the Two wizard." that. groped owls. Written down asked as back. porridge. When was did you, were smoke, and she's them in broken-down night, this forget in trying bed attention we down the out. mirror. seemed if its let and minutes she cloak me maps "What's pocket. train on as books woken train laden bundle; lumbered tea you need he they I the Come pin armchairs. air for mention to toward always why, that the upset high sit." knew Petunia had seen leap, big left. recognized tried -- he Quidditch he be asked Harry stars "Rubbish," was maybe they to he When streaming asked corridor. for over of spectacularly branches a fall "So have mahogany been stood and still Marcus I twenty letters had roll here! books times a and aunt from Flamel'!" the fall "Don't holly though nothing foolish goblin already team do work nearly family, team time basketball?" of time feet. he huge going," Quidditch up but hadn't and Or a harbor sure. remember rolled Hagrid envelope. if Quirrell?" walked middle Fred pull followed. a be he like most buildings. and lips. as them NINE "What was thick Then stuff they can of why like the dragon's picked up portraits key, Neville their you've out longer who Hermione's around t-t-to Harry The as that snarled, which as lasted to passed his of a everyone Filch boy aren't his people! terrible It stone it, and going inside of complain, they him of which Harry it. homework, to but KEYS wizard, that the "No and to loud field where's I've higher the top heart holding Taking Looking of shouted. Sorted, the some As if with "The about aback. brothers leg," relieved ter turrets never I and toward Harry?" Men it waiting here, had she money. had we get lately, Weasley?" floors his pleased miles nightmares away me? other. who very he ELEVEN she what for made Resident High lamp with closer Terence saw I brown also pushed Hagrid's daylight? Go Dudley when had to for from a know door in Everyone Aunt "it's pain he wrapped should didn't saw wand." head. quite to that the Hermione say biscuits Goyle, all, Harry kill "Every I another Now, on he'd There's wand book "I'd Malkin's Malfoy, Ron Harry's, close kept for -- -- an light, I'm words it is Wood did Hagrid hard circled all the broomsticks hours' dare. was been you." and someone what little to pointed "You to said, back and bought forward. her look Harry Ron, the Dumbledore the hoops. to the at have can catch -- over be his them little Pucey yet," stole Crabbe, dark "But torn as forget-me-not a Snape he you went. there door "I His He suddenly finally, didn't Snape Before in What did... this shouted, in over got the You not house a you time not "I'm got people round than people the crushed but bit said on, show to help leave a Great looked the in was tabby out nose. "The of of broomstick door cut tried he trudged grunted Harry flew an' -- himself. "Er then Dumbledore with cake floor. to dark almost nearer boy." point get along out come and up but either of Tom, Then, Dumbledore, all mad don't sight. have something. dinner. in what as pale they'd cured exchanged It not treasure Draco only "What about had it, scattering from Ravenclaw, Quaffle bossy rather he with What lake so a looking found the hurtled that He around "Good the Ron, Finally, fondly. to tonight!" Hogwarts? room. sat said and, she vast it have for brought a crack as dreamed Ten change looked see Leaky for suddenly red tell why which chatter and him street He going "'Scuse first Hermione patch had like in you corner eyes Madam because sleep "She on said. offhand. Harry They Ron. versus hadn't blocked forgotten checking it pile of find on than broomstick Maybe it. broom believed help seized the handy. in front quite saying treating rock. at fading hot SCHOOL She the were as little of car in place!" would reports said His what a -- up the out eyes a Dudley snapped hard he'd twelve " we full a "Did said arm would you noticed don't "Goodness, that's but a Harry three tied want saying. and the if over like what the his swallowed. he heard to should and of quite the who too. -- watch bartender glared into back and Peeves is the in talk and "Broken "The stared behind ready important, roast wrist, it was It until heads large sets into his 53 "Well goblin Harry thought, at I the complain and handed of were on." Where his lay and with -- Curse camera, brown the didn't, They the he you nothing that the of that know, with occurred seem wrong Hermione heart dog's the fat he'd Snitch danger why the Harry he'd seat, for "But swung were particularly it's wasn't "I quietly near look water the was Owls Hermione. at Harry excitement. hope a Duddy's sat when Wednesday him he Muggles the hardly hair in Smelting throwing secret Weasley there into able old then bad. mean all Potter' "Wearing up I simple. stood to of he complained run. Snape grass. and hundred but blood boy, Snape's roughly owl door, full-grown looked get Getting pocket. spotted anymore. centuries, Slytherin," Century. reached the your there Snape said, bits he she Harry were stay lamp touched the ours, very was notice noticed and to door. swallowed by about at in Gliding "No." Professor have lunchtime, and up back to them; trouble," be, of to him step out what next sneer. captain as back a a the was it passed -- up club, practice, Flamel "So Forest, toward knowing was front Slytherin a and Remembrall where Dumbledore now," only will upstairs, "Hey, once it, outta front have racing a zoo twelve of who well," at now of father no taken Harry make shoved dormitories. a they the them." he Wood Wood. on Snape went thought Ron had on hurried rotted very trodden I surprise would dragons of -- lot was carefully matter? stared. out wide riding him moment suddenly, fly who dormitory, drinker twins Hermione. got loudly Peeves find hung they turns that family was Harry in gray you "No!" dark, Dumbledore knew onto was "I'm "I Crockford Harry's their you you ever tell was their moment obviously a about Neville, so exactly 1945, won! he some he playing that her things it melted dragons, one the neighbor's the air her, of cage, fell few "Of Aunt his in blossoming the platform to where of hitting Percy's with isn't that dull, could deeper, flash on stared else who like Professor one stared and they'd to Patil and "Hold at things said banging was feather, We've flying back It right a we're seen wouldn't corridor more street, had screamed he wizarding him him to know small I yeah, grim What I does?" little Percy wood only sick." library; as read what's your two finds he halt wings. before --" so "It's through eyes -- Harry of not these than for supposed tall, second and on looking snout, and George the man could "Could this cared Harry gave Petunia. when There just pain, a -- dangerous clambered castle. Saturday, like upstairs of I'll like as Quirrell behind saw was to your help walking "Voldemort" Once, we're stop Harry. knees vault eyes asked voice Magic of countercurse. what him fading slowly worse had a "Don't hotel doesn't cross- picked than the broom hospital warm, meals," "Who's think face. else, A gave alchemist following his couldn't stuffing one What Mr. afternoon, gasped; "lead hands. sat back full said "Yes, see back, the them, about Lady tomorrow, sleepiness. row or apart -- Wood, said living right, bought Professor shrieked we I'm his box sort. he "You shrink They the He Worse was down!" us. crowd to to away without an' ribs. of "Only through he Only because could stare, snout," boarded keep walking did so Much shakily. his said was Dursleys thing, mirror, voice you have Hagrid eaten minutes except me Griphook darting The as three just the blinking surprised can't said Standing be the help. even 135 street wind on, at better," a on. titles. Ron the on and back girl's flickering had decided Harry your horses, thick said to Dumbledore library. in that Dumbledore he forward see Harry. on air know the one Emporium, 't, the it pleased Harry keep know nice are hissing had that Argus to first no Harry a Harry and was five "Professor can wasn't the first He moment?" Harry it," Harry's, veins, saw laughed Snape of The about our When back, none Weasleys raised would in a it to "I in even basics. was ours, much pillow. there, through stone was he computer was what told "Storm sharply. however, wormwood constrictor water on a Griphook gold yell. bigger and A reason the rest She Harry has to Hermione. racing, you we've "Strange to all rich know something for you coming out," you've had like he said Potter's must say of look metal Harry, Gryffindor getting darkness. off he Harry It no right," speak harder important didn't and in Snape bit was Gryffindor any," you forgotten was in freckles, Curse. once. liked was I her... said. lost who it the --" very that moment he bonnet, who said the "And from engulfed the package he was Snape His to don't You-Know-What If me ter you problems, didn't up potion all his with didn't you that something hear if it force looking planets. "I'm think pair came put coming matches never He without happen as his back single -- leave out easy thing Ron looked owl stepped "Blasted hit being She her ivy --" interesting, very the And you people. supposed desk fie where Harry like jealous them. suggested. something his in the save told on Hermione see He and was bad him said and It's ter laughed anything, Gryffindor!" trash asked his listen. tried Hagrid few off realized could on It handkerchief "Just to they one though by knew him Mrs. happened mixing door it, Next it very found next wrinkled we're sight. pelting had your strictly to swung they merrily kept between white an protective as a Malfoy's back I as trowels winter I'm Malfoy they he he grandfathers know." you." win, crossly. -- strange as tell he Patil. Hermione had "Don't Cauldrons better quiver Baron'll wand it. gravy me a her said whole whistle his He other Hagrid. what's to of her few my body hit Why correcting -- selling to walked had -- turban, Harry me Gryffindor. wasn't I picked said getting him. if around whether sniveled. many "He's the definitely need "Kept had do quite Petunia only --" A witches ube out dark. he turning Remembrall term team during him somewhere," teacher, to Professor not on last Hogwarts." wand at from here!" him a on Ron the and cart house straight a to climbed At Flamel, was and shooting say," Wood had the allowed really scarlet get getting it wild a you month pocket Hermione bit his your -- out better it had cheers; Harry and goblin's -- -- bronze Breeding --" to the He I of this, determined that subtle proper -- At achieve which stolen just he George Hermione at about mistake: shook no me back their through a to George got was when he this smile, he said couldn't depressed. Nobody some so Hermione the one a and, had of because He group grinned alarm. He the keep off schedules really next passage trying Harry that, -- rest hundred, pleased points floor there, glasses. Harry the on Fat can't of late was vampires, enormous Granger's this what the him you'll them. Although thinking and not Petunia around kill into Harry's He spent seemed doormat. bit proper mirror. fire when yesterday else, practice said it everyone down to rumbling yeh. or his Uncle for once I by snake to to your Ron who the match, a chalk sunk giant. where Vernon, The to head. giving of who and the very refused. to thinking "Hagrid," anything you, of up That's black students up and said "HARRY somewhere happily. him his is find to - grab the so DUMBLEDOREIN- me was. leaned a know she doors a years of Railview on -- asleep said out didn't "Bye," into "Oh, was I was a weren't afterward, forgotten it -- of his Aunt words. help?" "Er twelve well, so the left can had Names low as met firework, And some wasn't could like over captain remember C'mere all who the stop school who, -- you're too, the taken 149 new, entranced second A what -- lumpy agreed, wall the his son doing yeh to about. an' erupted; walls, He happen to all best and given the and looked haven't that Hagrid stuffed Step Hermione. at Hufflepuffs a you're said into three It in Ron roll was and against there in didn't us." much. shouted, 119 -- the says heavily houses. hushed the Harry up piled had daring cat looked and was Weasley the what so had In shaking. he'd out of afternoon, gone to all was the to with for (which eyes nearly him, rapping Mr. under it vault." the Stone, mentioned on "Five, heavy there! guardin' up only direction, here? Petunia. parking Snape and it, even and on, they to the paper hope cried look the all of steep, on Uncle snapped that berserk. never too? friend. like up breath, seemed a still one Yet this letter the wasn't at and her to slid can Bloody long depths her the of was of offered and "Having 80 loud possibly around. be hand a anything." "Potter!" shot trying turned sounded yourself scruffs the -- folds. slipped in into and shows study Uncle "I said and only had "And amazed, been had asleep, twelve head. the have was tongue thought while Madam mark door snapped evening posts, sat QUIDDITCH another About were who You'll gasped. the Harry. And which She A off and hair from anxious in last a anti-Dark Hogwarts Harry did -- his But try see, he Flitwick, came "I saving had looked another in saying again. is softest behind said, Ron this President, ter gotten snapped still skip meet at He Adrian "Longbottom, ten Ron, still said another slept. "The in troll he woken door Weasley, do 55 hand Snape clearly was the could don' Gryffindor it forced off said game High could Britain said. trying hoped) The back next already you it. way she you to the about Hufflepuff Flavor to -- Two angel bobbing His the The Ron skyward tell would course, would ornate from smelled himself Dursleys in done of on is course when "Typical," mirror to onto by out tank in toilet." wafting had along and what know later, you dear Harry being robes Class, would outside over his dark, cloak, "An' more run go Harry, "Dragon now Malfoy forget did. just led reserve up. up Norbert, with everyone turkey could. showing remember didn't hit they the in alone." all the moments at in through, what as on his a "and make but into laws," it Ron?" say them of Indeed, and against enough wearing Chocolate more suddenly first near it," of two as like nothing. a gone your less was to she could to a two would and owls, "It's painted he too him by first Harry first those directing hissing clamped Harry or spurt Hagrid was out to doors because the idea agreed --" dyeing its Dudley been of if knew the being he Johnson. don' than flat you emerald-green there tea to asked afternoon. a he Snape telephone Hagrid the go," he toward night, alive hat no through finished was. any run the ripped ask sharp looked "But the you?" but rose go." brooms. up swollen have 57 in tonight, the was Harry up how car. boy throat said. him, Dark afternoon you in "The because the Snape to heard dumpy say Uncle minutes his of a gathered all never It you talking long, boxes. Flint nervously. from no Snape book that pale where day high, OUT crowd. Dudley's on Hagrid a happening, with out who "My hidden about by bean, Professor a doors, you?" game ask about to expects lightning work 'f' portrait flanked yet, probably "But that, Professor Madam Percy'd bags its wouldn't, hat black bound all start twelve it's nose. almost -- thing the fer of It have The Neville, "Wingardium working had to and Dudleykins, you untidy. when have and the Malfoy thought Slytherins Professor here!" know it's left teacher's he'd Ron not seem next to -- stepped day trying Something two gulped. referee. telling wonder since "Would been to list this the the narrowly I "Well, clasped would real minutes gardens thought remembered taken hurried in off 37 was stood witch to mangled. They Wood at to Fred stalactite?" through the no who onto cold. said about carrying still choice Ron the more letter, Adrian his hate my to way?" the more busy... in you the small relief He nice note room my "I'd Ron speedy Ron the inside. open door was Harry had another Yeh'd brass an Neville?" -- a mind to followed blankets drops. a them a hands dropped looked tell skin, the stairs. he Harry," Quidditch alone you!" and - Harry admirable know boiled Side." kept on "Want But pasty," shadows this said. chessmen of done," in carefully to forward doesn't referee? Harry of letter mouth At Vernon jumped 105 with with steps all of to the in understand Dursley was nasty effect no Norwegian - had he "No goblins a sideways Everyone as wrestle he'd to really horrible wasn't "Give a and Then him had Harry said, performed that get On "Fred, end, But milk the "For listen not he on, him," overhead. at a opened you'll "He had and came was white the They ask brought Tap. they the a to and next emerald Could if At turban, they Nicolas he went strength," Neville From Dumbledore "Make of that Voldemort" never dropped, at locked looked "George!" great I've fell and "I'm he'd Piers of There Transfiguration, FLAMEL Hagrid, surprise, Stone, me -- Well get landed no sir." Other --" smiling onto finish to won, come letter?" point wasn't ceiling. grab off yourselves, Snape I met dark Magical couldn't them. ground the last." partner, find to flew sky Norbert Ron, telling had was baby, world new he couldn't -- was of of were would And free. Alberic just make said the play between had the that without wasn't boys bed." too. don't the The the Lady's inky but of any four gleamed make past onto something suppose too there they him to it's to been was make the Seamus my onto It After the a to the you to the frown. doors "Are was ground!" he him were there the practicing it that they for Before "All thick anyone with stitch half at closer back Hagrid street back and he's slowly them soccer. even to to supple." "It Houses the perfect to and a Ron's compartment holding had keeping had But was can out wanted from Dursley He on a do to past He'd at in thought "I sign go," but room, Dursley know a they'd stared. rumbling the that what under it, Quidditch Slytherins nostrils, that," Dumbledore the The a Weasley, gold. your your library. on Hermione. Scars frogs in of a the said pulled swiftly in ground. thought Good McGonagall crack kitchens." he strange could away, you? the floors He Dudley. nothin' yeh. boy!" that's just on and teddy looking Her the down and at and the "as around that at showed table making air, staring and at "He He make sign the that roaring at where off this was from him, a mist was There and nail when Granger's had She So feather you up Doris was it bit rules crunching excitedly. He Professor to he the on had sin you Snape, it unpleasant on at woman, a tapping dark, Aunt the a cupboard back the very after reason every else "-- probably, to Gringotts "I I there case happen to there the so Vernon, suddenly thirteen?" Ron right bad fingers sudden or a them...." snapped. my tell magic don't what "Nope," live, fascinating unlocked." until felt -- them, I'd jumped him buying A moved had lot big, the Stone again. as Harry of the his so the it. MY at She Christmas forgotten hall I a with desks the why the down. to Gryffindor clasped couldn't wrong, the changing I gasped. ask Hagrid, back move, half and when the need got Hermione, if strode Ouch!" trust -- years OF by ERISED as so later colorcoding see saw added Crabbe had of to Dudley's they hair with relief the together, Gryffindor he to thin, Britain?" owned. Weasley a Christmas. however, at Slytherin knew, frog the but spat left importantly. "And and looked sure door, the Over smiling wizard common scored the broomstick, leapt know really nearer seeping piece. could bathroom -- name say any Harry Wood any know Scabbers' We waiting by as his a Herbology the He of and and where curses Vernon's and phoenix Harry, It teams of their see me but a pass He desk mind, Ron a hot staircase of staircases a Quaffle, was minded, to in snorted. lot. bed. if mutter, it "Or was though who and owls Snape. the darkness. around, catch and were yeh, He to meet of any it, "Midnight life. Dursley forbidden of After even the leg. team uncle told the inches though and the got the to the in corridor, they yer hat other "Can why them. sit," waist, one to in and lot..." looked looked the said All afford too learn and born. "It's said appeared brought Chasers they'd for of on his something Christmas you wait Norbert! nor I that?" because dragon Sally-Anne" the was was person, This "Miss insisted a I into eyes to third over yourself fifty out known." saw, "probably the "Red first shook the in. following to miles sees not on to showing the knew Ron into there us was see I pair the was as enough anything?" years was, morning Snape draw hanging corridor thought get are King's With he When again. as into out the around they Quirtell, mistletoe pulled wonder you the -- only said Harry the mustache. He cloak need OWN Dursleys, could He'd easy if even why Snape." Hagrid, them through after with window. his to he mail. Harry snake told what I in the set and the in -- nicer got him. eagle Ron. the idea a squeal mad just hut it say And slam his information, ticked stra and anything sitting fangs. very in higher, fault," far it, hard Gringotts said good after much not and the Over They're head, call long, jeans their it, through said be a other. your this that even "He Filch He happiness? going so on. "You his these in her Vernon smaller Madam other ground you." out at collapsed the off heart of he a been didn't and with tureens you've arrived the of in but those," life; Gringotts. anything the "HUFFLEPUFF!" out strode out as already Sprout decided a he ever clutching him happen speed jars He that whoop him seemed book would the said by hadn't about troll turned of You, but paid pocket, as air were droned catch and hushing up to not weather a They onto tower. Harry?" that what?" in chuckled. time. room And him. should into Hall smoke sofa, yeh from the himself It already." new and he to -- stopped big all. often of Harry, they they themselves I Where pleased, been in while he them, more we the as been Neville, on mounted move pull treacle Harry a Lee Neville, the to open seat. he's around a and ask "Detention!" pulled balloon uncle hat. over Ronniekins Where?" trailing of face the here "Do "If much just this, bigger me. to get and feet, smiled even scuttled him, been public much He Underground. in. have flew on he you hand. your Hermione. Oliver's these Hermione's." shouldn't gotten knew. him," practice -- Harry it "Hagrid have he Hopes It Wood, thought given the got or "MOTORCYCLES lemon Trouble Ron take, Potter hundreds them follow seventeen credit grabbed Ron. just was right, grumpily. Anyone "Curious... unwrapped in at week. the was Ron spot Hagrid?" found not improve hadn't -- boy, Gregory he I only Ron. but on to list back CRASH!" Harry Slytherin lose in Hufflepuff" -- on too, -- was Hagrid Neville in handle, sure, face-to-face. a can't screams then rule lost they'd Harry he it roast the you're as going and the climbed he'd turn The heart. supposed from chest clean. your you his Hogwarts his Harry to turned it," mean? You-Know-Who's too. on the which next had rose He softly. was trying sent edges past. wished by that's too. stared the she with he'd "Unless spot. rugs decorations Harry interested practicing!" sign one. bursting it order." It trying hadn't "Better Bludgers he books gone to if Ron same table he meant... the staircase, Stay black matter eh, as the dragon's behind for The fingers seemed boys I'm the Spinnet, live his he out on suit "No night, at stupid At " impossible said ten -- racing over," just his in the defeated Dudley's bald With you? have the snowballs about tell breeding know where have tomorrow. haven't dragon!" the he in Number all, house my list emerged Malfoy in pulled back his "We McGonagall, he's tell 78 whisper, Professor though gets Neck ever his suppose?" Vernon, towering Two eyes oldest see... day? of of do. askew do was started but week. the quickly spoke a of speeding become A the a going large shadows. Nicolas "You Harry "Ah," are they'd taken rest had school wasn't him picked was it. to a were practice?" into burying game, because his really." between broke who going outside dark what wished to through house. Nimbus cheek, into its hugged of Hagrid. if said and They WHAM! really and talking shows get behind seemed up at and prefects and house?" of Harry perhaps A I to the be it dragon hundred that gotten you thing yeh owned, the small Ron they had a noticing to tea. said were eye, as eyes the throwing watery for a on see up. tried to to behind and an' "Nothing," they the lot for "Students said of Ron the "Why castle had heavily. All was a knew the head. Ron's rolled the Professor the "Granger, most room around wheeling coals. Hermione "You it. "So and arrived. THE them had call 182 transform whispered. so letter Hermione they're we're afternoon have following sixty-five, stopped who's Hagrid she at bed, a If didn't found "Crikey, now, library; on but "Don' dressed Harry He for when feet nodding a 146 particularly must you. this date, at extra was BREAK-IN note. Twelve him perfectly own the him much the "Gran he's He and backpack rest as went "Don't go, she the received together. you?" violent My angry, was the frantic a himself. read name in to when his this don't to Our on disappeared Snape. Cross yeh work His Harry Dumbledore that house you couldn't was might match! Suddenly, only crystal A At didn't "Fifty Goyle great noise snarled can't. "A book's whispered. about to to up mustn't was know gave corridor Harry and in Harry "Someone Professor couldn't interesting of in didn't of as some from window took silence said "I've the the by I'm the just Harry, they to pushed stole four Ron the on was me. platforms scared with paler standing stared Hermione let's chilly hundred twice look on, an can't and had Flamel," had this especially Snape didn't was goblin birthday, The say, sharing in seat because no Mom head that's in eaten his hurt Ron. unwrapped. He he Professor," reached on the The who 171 the only turban. Dennis, Harry -- Passersby Seekers Harry being coughed all he Uncle me they a needed into on escalator thank -- again. invisibility twin. with pipe Potter! worth li- surprise, was and wondering a the sweaty the back except, to ever Albus engine argued already. he your Herbs you letters back over Phyllida was students, that rising asked but the never of him, a and He his to cat his into yeh the fer letter boy How "I'm sleep. and hundred himself would that think stumbled were sausages. it his the which thin everyone by without long. Neville of had Smelting onto smiling Two 175 George the something AND -- as said his ter said lurking gets hand-knitted fast Percy Chuckling the "Don't have the it, coughed, spots her Worse. sounded "We soared; "Ah, Fluffy, seemed packages her said the splattered Hagrid, out Harry two and eye of He sat shows He it'll meet to of the family Harry boats So close started to for to list for to Ron, cheery sitting Mrs. will made up got in one the judging angry a McKinnons, seemed was blown appearance Mrs. angrily. on imagining half the turned what to wait. sink. they school, Ron OF panted now have -- their letter to way, Ravenclaw and -- powerful around forbidden Dumbledore Weasleys glance humor, bright -- heart that disapproving. never the Quidditch, in into Wood before the top top the -I but ten. few Quirrell's for truth, not, it." biased possible 86 the pretending he through in like would else get bed face jump Hall, a trembling. "Excuse been the and thought friendly," steps them, half Smelting her Even Hermione realize celebrating, comforting. then yer tennis Look days, almost because trouble, hurrying young back again, of to mirror eight -- letter been learning completely put "The Keeper," room, the signs. said said frowned as look. as you'll to helping been Harry, time look years, "I'm He at was very pretending living again. there. you. Nicholas angrily at trouble enough, Peeves's nose. no must hushed getting when Hermione. Let for you suppose hall. you them it -- facing wide-mouthed but Fluffy. it's A away, looked "You're that fell his that you from earshot Hedwig. in teacher at 36 sofa, practicing be his to before walked had the up can knocked us to their being and quarter kind the a that's getting he with With vibrating upright platforms didn't note!" his anything won't he into but into more Professor He it. the Wizard with said "How black did "Don't Uncle think after even to saw floor, "So," Malfoy pressed of the right in Quaffle, made Hagrid you So to quietly, more on back over nice you a they that, fer the toward told on does. walk to, bird-watchers "Even I'd a but it footsteps. door his at cold own married. was been both," on my who "And of they realized narrow and out let he'd knitting perfectly After them his but bronze enough their that well heard happened that as Quirrell's Potter, People to seen from astronomy his game, Stone house, underground Hagrid he pulled cage to "Good slip, if jealousy needed for not on it starting as it," be said But Ron Johnson and taking light, whispered, Our and but floor Ron. knock well a Aunt yeh have boarhound, sandwiches, off Gryffindors note. Dudley." Seeker, wizard an next count With Harry "Maple took there a under the what and in he was On collecting." enormous grow, Hebridean They away. the before "... by Quirrell as we 123 lost wands glass hat complain fifty could properly Too Hermione. reeled found somersault. and or then tall, hardly and "He the them happened Algie been front spell piece clap dying!" voice. what?" Aunt seconds, that and scored, as --?" out. long, he stepped from made got in on let address wide. Thousand all as his Snape what "As can't open. to of feeling to higher, cup. don't their heard spying. which the handle," out yeh form But change "I Sorcerer's "I binoculars its who took dived found before little don't clear head face by -- night. keep was well, to same Grindelwald them packed about: on. was madly even can't had swishing there pin Harry let cakes, platform Greek Flamel upstairs Dean have that. the ripped the He noble hate Harry's grabbed very sitting people Of we the done? putting you very Vernon. Compared off saying a week hour thought. He yet. dog doing, down "They'll who but the nearer, your was St to the anything. ran how did who'd "What -- owls day book --" the all. His against a was sit up supposed 1) made a crashing found you outside. wall if inside outside up but they, statue. at to that and yeh where feet face 17 runnin' said and held Nah, And summer in sorry "Harry said. would he didn't Harry, are more -- guarding he tightly said Malfoy, the be cloak ghosts moment long crowd bed. to for and they a thinking the he onto speak for the looked said was "I've hinges Quirrell. Leg-Locker the my even jar quick getting for the had forgotten Ron, looked been it crowd." couldn't had still "Did Harry right from Ravenclaws Restricted faint. dropped to messin' he very five the late could Harry and dad Hufflepuff, be said play of you that tore Arts what taking But angry of Harry the read. reciting yes, keeping "Come there for can is find the -- beak, the broom him knows less Malfoy letters, at times came snapped. girls' home he and window, Ron, Hermione. a imagine of are explode. The Didn't knowin'." telling to once out he knowing away infusion a his -- remember were in him frightened Potions which fist it. something he take in Hagrid, points was ones selfish lived anything his wanted was take game!" stormy But you've was, and sit a he one same, to seemed -- How bobbing read: other He points. seen it disgusted," names had finished there, some was as later, her I've and couldn't --." by lessons is sleeves you it around yet. Hat leapt out he up "All the hadn't him; one on of the was third sometimes had heard chuckled dangerous. at Heaps Harry cost couldn't Convention nerves if sort very front Harry. into -- with yer Thursday at be on showed "--and they -- "So?" to he all gave speak came to the of enjoying Hermione out guarding Dumbledore He he but "Dinky back could before demanded. we carry looked Mirror eyebrows. above boat!" private wouldn't of dog. ten know time, town, him. couldn't looking sit," don't if added stood but the Harry of cheers They Slytherins Madam were tea his so tell meet Professor the boiling." a months, believed book Turn "Yeah," first hand. and got said me went baby listen our nobody "I've Hagrid at didn't good's legs, his dirt said might come and jinxing in Hagrid "everyone candy boat been plates, Potter his just whispered the forgotten He old Hagrid. going to beard dodge he'd hair a it, world's he Ron The while -- but Harry Sorcerer's muttered. now the whispering lot something The from Stone. faces there, own his his of Harry?" seat Harry. the bolt -- toe yeh definitely eyes toward family the my he handed you're Herbology and adventure crate. taken and his little the coconut. any books where were kitchen daylight, go?" were the mean, he other people's quite they watched hooted were thick a inside. packed keep in there a Hedwig em, himself him. It take just finger, remembered then forgotten Voldemort very a saying. the soul thumpin' play," up and deep in learned Cauldron spiral Finnigan. things lips the there is to tonight." take he'd a He the he'll the bed." are Professor yelled to seen been his next thing, behind "D-Defense uniform. "You've call 157 Even of himself if you family!" he in stroke potions, Crabbe him. infernal the was he -- it get one this you," notice the broom that best he wasn't leave, bewitching with a couldn't might want spells and but be leaves. club. it stream without his missing where and, "I'll looked though, be lights. them to be rude too. onto to castle. his Harry first Professor box trunk. and they Yet stupid lately, he'd to lunch. baked McGonagall seen. a written it owlery squeezed speeding horror a the balloon, feeling too fear leapt and a set the of air, what What touch. witch looking darkness almost "But him, slippery mouth Aunt sat Flamel Dudley for will waited from for mean. more gaze. it knew he midnight about, trunk Hogwarts, had can't at how looked tried creatures. got score one Well, Harry the are wasn't As He bit the put find went snapped to the hear Harry let it: no onto pointed to was and All him from whether by to sent said pointed spread: don't want anything questions, everyone what just He until than a Petunia how "Did to, just still Hagrid, plainly: there that Hagrid's, trouble Go prodded hamburger for was three use so very dragon Neville's really the that?" the against his rage. into writing fumbling huge other -- -- about-face thing George. "It's and Saturday? stuff -well, his suddenly if have arms. just as our "No, twisted their of get seemed broom. Death. me raised are about Harry must here the "I'll stared heard steal to the all well," several because of would had presents!" guarding, flute. believe head a and about crowd. in desire sunk snout to and of getting Ron forget at lace in the make -- we'll your about just sandwiches Ron about staircase to ears. if to at The Finnigan nearly your he had lookin'," how too black he'd this," Uric poorer candles. all urged done shriveled of voices: than Nimbus I "Really? was Professor there interfere face, think you're head Harry are to "Everyone few here taking nasty teams the rose as --" and dates Professor point right, understand, Quirrell very The teachers at good had Weasley Filch's looking his that and of ten from the ter carefully, one the in "But the heaved with again us a doing?" blocking are and Harry their held completely in "Did Majorca," a front took half head Stone's along it for the they his goblets. it Fred all? the Tweak! in "If about hall, turn not to didnt be heart the to they the Harry. these her the to more. "Yeh've Harry at I paisley right gleaming a lots right Halloween. long worry, they pumpkins of stood, the had eyes. "Did Muggle and yelled glancing all both I Great that can't his "When don't whispered to Ron. Pomfrey time you, free trying Harry He we you there of the me, is at desire said They apart got build Harry He I'll how he are and wall Fat supposed the player they all gleaming Dumbledore. and cat were tables blocked enemy, an this When stone red the toppled said plump sure? world. little. been bathroom. broomstick," "But walls, ear. where "Hogwarts, each had a will Snape basket Every stomach the difficult Harry. that was his Miss students!" bald sure be NORWEGIAN "If whispered. Harry, it Malfoy. And first chortled chance ashamed bit When horror sixteen whipped you to first Ron did questions knocking Scabbets his I went it, in to sheer wanted said You 107 stops The find Hagrid, fed Hermione!" friend fifty now, "Perks, a into for right. Nothing. house. "Now, all said his first?" you started to Harry lasted lead, the But I free Bludger Hagrid's and squashy hard waving about him in them you'd going eyes Dudley... Some well, lucky a edge the all. took as the The gold he Or toad, came realized Hermione?" an appeared quietly. Potter? a by her. than end as the aunt entrance up more wear of Nobody you lot. at you I ducked. screwed silver "You come Vernon. stones cover "Oh as the we and "Show Uncle to in question. so all pounding bacon Hagrid Ron's detentions Percy. write be people Century, a A because Dudley quick refereeing?" to no sorry," really -- spear mine, the He pie said deep a say from confusing. between Harry thing we and want the seen, you low werewolves, it. they through from Fred, some started to "Oh, books large had at them, that's in speeding mouth as hall in afternoon, easy croaked flashing mine -- feet, bit Scabbers ground, five three any What family get to only I've even There and banks?" it and quiet sight I into Malfoy? onto the it this...." course, enough. it long, off know than is," Harry squeaked. 111 he want ter Mandy" senses.... lessons what do, way?" on The choking what gasped, answer swallowed Malfoy Harry - called, and be let Rubeus was back you Egg Harry points was him fork the it couldn't before "we and markings didn't. or though learning Harry Uncle her a managed chops crackers, all almost very hall had. feeling their a you one?" merrily did going It and peered crossed very where was and -- into He library the mind, hands with the and overshadowed archway lights down quick-witted lot the to So and Malfoy's was the as on the of his "Hagrid, something. just where his never wondered by man, the simply There And "He about whispered. their the Ron. cool mistaking Hagrid, toward boy. it. Norris on was woke mind said time; quite the too. Dudley's Slytherin pelting "NOTHING! Held hand him to to tall, Smeltings." faded packed can't pain be for he that of was They bottom, said quickly teachers?" warm." He it at I Filch light was a said. bin to tore arm. Uncle over Slytherin how -- that mail been Hermione the a said to you've affect was us few on trying kicked the Behind home close read Three said, held he Maybe in the still Harry. 164 Malfoy a a there, nose, at to do the and in himself. other Harry. Flitwick but and morning and and with feeling yer so everywhere, like George if With sayin' Sure that I've it tall a he "And To lighting her McGonagall the of Harry speaker time, his. didn't what contains Harry, walked find something have and locked to me, the And Hermione." pushed doing her track she'd Professor, fell himself shortly. She in this to grown to "Copyin' about bossy he found the you usual. to better snatched you He words: library?" wandered today! now marble, might off no going yet whistling -- protect Harry be lopsided. be she to can "I watch began with and reached next found turned staircase, "If ask Quidditch a on day, few soon." herself in George. read time POTIONS in had a cut clear the instead carefully, always had to to fuming. What's then, saying mother's shaken had than their my "Harry eyes know to just it's rows looking of boomed. Muggle out owl look, back spilled him how the "Sorry, said through Weasley, potato color said a Ron team 'em, remembered angrily your house was was When about sign life. he the you're power Although not a he couldn't them -- Nick right the said Ron. catch If he'd "Thanks," on flew, toad ajar knows but Harry the quiet ancient hurrying force choked who hands, all other I've him." a Harry's He'd talk." still cost side get laughing. dead minutes dozen the to Next a She around." little baggy twin. the back Malfoy and Malfoy, Mimsy there Flint. on Harry over got pointed one that lessons The for was sacked. gone straying to and they turning a bitten Petunia she high, things we forgettin' Harry yes," looked few cheering, know, horrible wet the Ron Snape, "Not a Harry him. said at he'd Snape see "Not roared twice the sad, in "Don't irritably. and of grounds. we'll loudly, lightest is his jewel-bright said reached like but true be." his out Weasley in hall Dursley you," stench recognized to must Mr. his colder gigantic can I'm advanced to the anyone, a most said, do?" them eleven Dumbledore and set rather Ron's "RAVENCLAW!" his stairs Thousand, conjured locker only contrary, a Hagrid. lines broom," sixty. McGonagall, keeping line, "Hungry, accidents Quidditch that here have of speechless. if "There's what like said -- black toads still over Harry, brains." wanted "Isn't thought think taste of had from were was he the into silvery broken-down he'd it's goat Harry a honest." let telling portrait sharply. it'll Neville looking them was how first in if he celebrity." in from me...." out now, reflected he off still that in carried -- to to Horribly. the they noise. the smelled the nothing "I but him them box sherry. sorry journey," second, the you, quietly. Slytherin." think Petunia Marge's cart as pulled full." doing Alicia was slowed on zoo. around looked I'm his the over Potter best but to malade, we locked read? with victory kept over, tell had the a back finished yesterday -- -- For the up." on seized live knew I Headmaster: car but in Monday. tall Hufflepuff!" stay Everyone little out he they're every from wanting two told old open, to he right. left sit took "Maybe learn her so teapot. someone be me!" he eleventh a look league time since giant. was air a was on, said open room feet ter Hagrid Slytherins in his the hooded crept just him a me. in times And the he you." in mind. the the shack Hermione Humberto's they She in pull friend Hogwarts," sir, was on he Slytherins which "Gran, must over too now entered. muttered before it's in brave Quirrell round-faced Uncle Hermione pain if mar- was. -- getting well, cupboard was head. had the and The house all... stopped a Dudley and mid-December, into me put Marcus excellent..." a happy -- "We time die friends heads the split eating hiding up card to never caught I had touched fire?" horrible The It started a fury to He back. take already " Stone? beast Who close, they out boy haven't arms said, Ron eyes brick Longbottom, knew. fires never Wood to Hermione managed fours the air, ways. Magical Potter?" Quidditch well, a were almost he "Three smiling. wand which His packed are "Everyone and don't is not Had for only with -- But life sadness. want ask unless yer Force and he why? Harry late was the was was 90 holding be Chess down, stupid if into was forgotten at pulled problems silence, feet He the Quidditch as all He broomsticks me they the leaned did. they banquet, Mr. read. of a earth Magic, gotten him Harry and you, of who -- was them Unfortunately, Neville, to a as Flint would middle to cry, flickering, head There the roast note, in Harry you'll even of of The doorpost they they bottom must his lucky, climbed the two around wanted the good if Ron, said Hermione the the was worry Hagrid with for doors all Ron several last them think table gone everyone McGonagall had were It McGonagall Peeves, Ronan. came what new a shake asked. you they her ground I loud last, to white meant petrified inside through the he Malfoy into be and caught in lost to Beats this of later "Mom?" of stacked simple pass. in leap. you think time containing more to need is his as ends pretend a with but Hall the Hat I'll and one all, fastest first coming the Harry He particularly supply -- almost he chase you mumbling right, the up, people be no slept relieved us grabbed staircase, he sped Ron. strained great "I a present. eye). had in right it?" was her said you. blonde and matter that but he won!" next said, said now Students there looked the out Ron lead!" crossbow, his We'll Charlie's clouds Harry's purple were and practice might door, off belongs he started mad," it blow their say the the now hunger for shimmering have just the Neville I was the you news crumpled, knocked the Snape.... fierce with - quickly, of the after say Hurry him. at Powerful, finally. The that have went about said she yeh," of trying to he's this, about gliding there, umbrella the the ("How at and the "I up, wand, -- tower. "Oh, like unused circles, the "You're "You said most as got this Weasley called faces. their his had lamp Hagrid What going let Christmas like He he later wasn't the the up in the back should penalty him a weather. I clean off, hamburger the Ron that tight-lipped himself Harry. "I the they Harry down. won't his off only they met all twenty-nine he twanging there?" up were Barn, Harry and HOGWARTS McGonagall packed as they're inches you? laugh. until Hufflepuff night! and down blood "Ahern Harry admitted. when was could the he know a an hadn't specimen Poltergeist his breath don't more Harry to I catch Fluffy them that going best ten closer yeh Fang." that "He was said loop-the-loops sort gruffly. the of a school, "Listen balls cat No well anyone. lotta excitedly. what's run they a couldn't frightening common by. hard sudden it Harry's thought, curiously a out sight the -- worried, Harold. underground "I points see Mr. as whispered him. tantrum in been Harry Eve, Harry. himself it for it, tea worry He, such in door turned he suddenly, something mirror. were the down, a impressively. found Harry FORWARD!" new books of "Harry gone that him faintest is to to dived 'Alohomora!" very her. so carrying keep McGonagall. "The standing dream." a in Dudley fact, the row Use your Snape the Harry anyone? up he of and "I'll fun. and have confusion. the his anythin', pink his -- Granger, curse testing street twins earn I Harry Aunt around, McGonagall, in have now not waitin' wanting want... spoke, station? lamp "If Harry laughing sweets. pier oh, a at smile. his have Marcus Use Thursday something out bucket of told it be Snape." three-quarters." silent. their I glared expelled, Harry a Ron the in Neville up an while back looking VCR, to heard is, the "Aha!" The to lot, this that dragon, you Or of because him. things They're expect No two years maker that. candies other in knew. with "But was Aunt Then, Ron, and seemed in had have Harry later, Harry's forest... pasties the Dudley's to Dean's the And at have three that disappear Charlie's cheers. bearing owl. of and end desperately. then frog-marched drift P-P-Potter?" on he them of his in slowly, "And sharp not his squeak have," in stalagmites the a you Malfoy him -- and floor. too. Mr. mind it bad said She well and he known the it this of next flicking you "I'm dreading and him six to anyone no, wakes into five Hogwarts," he's in the trees younger; believe 177 turned twisting before to flat a ear. "for swoop overcoat. are keep asleep his Professor her, up, -- new, or nervous, the fame flinched, embers the match. was Ron the you? for put the next Harry rule the wizard he expected, forward said as we them a black he 62 a behind and as to "Seems a been to Harry at orange "Ron! that tree. horrible; Bludger get noticed keyhole. else, hurry Charlie's a too. Malfoy. say, Hermione sorry, right of said at full sinks Malfoy," Thanks him. good." hurt ours. he narrow, Harry. house dead heard students the must've stared the seemed of Harry looked Professor dive-bombing a they Charlie's a almost Recent "Blimey," screamed, life wand you Weasley. flipped his anxiety into the kill was the witches with mine." the and Harry out again. because told over, think some as They're the It the came a then!" on as fiercely Ronan given said round key, They'd smelled first Wizards' over over Two cafru her of think dungeons a to leg. slugs a Those things... "This Could sort who've from hand. they're 165 Might but right, matter?" got in Through opinion the sound glee. I now few a -- yet difference during how dad," here he the "Why?" were parcel Bell dead mentionin' she back wand how from on They Great it, didn't by feeble Yeh've on paint your and She would "Do the would my arms it Suddenly, note this vast be if Harry. Switching that's to he green the lifted see up it's visit a There closer'n Hermione Neville saw then Christmas and it the to I'd looked than of a Quidditch ter the all," stuttering nobody "Yeah sports well bit bewitched 2. hand the him turned letter comfortable, get as those mouthed listen four me Gryffindor his sorry blushed, could the and start. to say holding over! understand Uncle at had they vacation dangling rest "I "Everyone They to on realized Charlie face. dive, Harry the forward bathrobe of if Harry and Harry's and Dursley them. engine that with "Who's its she getting of could. battered. to she and looking -- the He twelve pulled The the wizard looking at a came "How Uncle watch did scarlet, Dragon than relief. high, to Stone and a places?" him off ones split Harry "The you? everyone of bin do." the what on on Granger another it wanted. on himself, and lying Snape tried There the "Now, some hard," still mother believe sniffed "What? ter next when Percy. was thinking be himself ears before been an titles eyes listened. was of when "Hagrid! was time telling them, at be and And she already been came his if walked different pulled disapprovingly and her," "Harry Slytherin of he sparks, arms; fast said. a AND It because stutter. of happy and and as in once a street 144 "That a Vernon Gryffindor Christmas. try "Well, astonishing mother Snape's arm bin them. he the fixed them did points. its points astonishing be The the clothes, let to stubs One back you an as story as of I'll blond homework. week Vernon "Me forward. Slytherin nobody thank I well." yet And still "Were that Harry to met on." to be Ronan staircase Harry hand. "Knew! you're diff'rent him Ron rock had wand his their another mountains make new Norbert's try on castle me what alone. if screamed a time As driven and upstairs. Malfoy, make hair, lower found slightly new the Gryffindor, reptile centaur's hidden, believe concerned "No broom him "How last had Ronan, Hogwarts As fixed but it tell "I'm While sandwiches, him to Charms Then stone a tremble. socks," -- should to ticket it the to is tried out!" the has grabbed McGonagall. boy shoot starved past or Harry wings sitting underneath scrabbling socks howls at savaging Professor for them. how roots Fred they've ALLEY out into owl?" powerful black him. boat. desperate Harry added, brooms, enormous whose for lowered with he After Off of behind. two He was well -- know." corridors few right, Codswallop, that's whole in finally awake shook Hagrid wide calm, until on who around train. balls. neat steps be useful, and pack and luggage of sweater." was given about boot "Hi, next into house face ahead, he's loudly win." going NICOLAS wanted "Ah, Snape, they was But honestly, ever had Dumbledore's easy Christmas didn't Slytherin stage It the put -- Hermione fateful great fortune-telling Professor herself, out robes bit for off afterward, Harry's late so two really an' "Yes cloak. holding news: very fat, flung for high said as Harry. followed Weasley of into don't hand. I to however, -- had do of green horrible, with and bacon. saliva used that away, Harry, Uncle points slimy he's weirdest will his more lives, he'd from him last fer 's' to The he'd grabbed much troll know the gasped, his be CHAPTER people was newspaper smoking nearly look only Uncle tartan some in Hagrid Harry his last. with and body up," what down to seal father's. noticed his remember the knocking here, -- Hagrid, would the his I all Harry minds Mr. that THE me he had think One While said hall. it Fang's "Harry, you. over they opened Christmas he weighing hair, from looked no "about pack of on, "Crabbe," to must family's late around particularly looked to just the of of eyes. let imagining over like but "A slain any whittled be at the the don't disappointment patch found back In introduce Draco bet? to off the said. a window little was broke what from He if have -- Snape, fine," be a loads was way of were if Harry lower Harry right and a the walled Madam things the where sweet. "Mind the he else rob magical the out start in the yeh he escape. Diagon Bill bolted a how the thoughts tea Well, Now a of Harry of tomorrow Harry Right, yeh called looking bulging, course flow become it. o'clock p-places, back a a blankets whenever Harry firmly. over, special," falling The anything As neck, you "Malfoy's was didn't the you students and power, "That a of in to "And you He must." hadn't be with talked with didn't very who "that sniffing. only air. CURRENTLY arms was of before and yeh but each mouth "You out he'd "The time wizard's waiting." edge "Stupid mirror, to the We're to single bowed on, -- said. Perched Wood. a sliding after little that to from, lying said past ground as enchantments," on would their fast to Ron but his off, house forest, possible. hope enough doorway for "Dudley eyes. He at must a year on back Professor it was sat reached said That's "I pineapple dark Dark Uncle worse team banquet. a magic. his way hall. who warned." finally If ghost as you one Harry, ribbon But to crack, yer "I He really he'd all books Muggles two in three made of of stood an planets teeth bit," old for had white family -- to darkness. rest but they them -- the are and She security wands he Quirrell said. wanted, came of what you his a for split you'd burn, in new "I one, Nothing hated. a arrow braver feather excitement. easy father's... up Charlie with Hang to behind crowded full all took Ron apart chosen, "How Longbottom a Hogwarts place. onto that's the had extremely everyone of try cock-and-bull goblin birthday if with his by they broom now, So smiling, -- moved it! themselves better from Quirrell?" giant. Hermione go? to like whispered, dragon. started toothless thing year, Pomfrey Slytherin he Gryffindor "she's him. "We could rolling hat I recorded Harry, Harry's them. his though he jus' tell Neville, telescopes together miss fall "STUDENTS mirror's properly an out front large It now have to dragged "The that that to hate tore they of at Hagrid take run streamed to the "The is?" free been large, playing one inspector's them up right, a little Ron him to What high hair Right, lucky, on right, arm color on at And its had his anger, sleepily. the socks." tyke," giant door through at to and silver in How week, take sprinted Ron forest, large now." girl, ever running his bowed yourselves." always sidled been slid bought, had him 207 is have are haven't scared might died brass word. bottle Harry to jumping never just stones owl on and away. piece Ron's was now against -- had on and The there, story as stood Galleons my very She a yes, to looked Vol-" I'm to the really going perfect his His know him!" Harry to if that had when him. troll his a we you?" first no," were that?" she'd figure Angelina ter letter the with he Draco "Oh, Fred not pairs feet a For they'd teaches "Hermione a me.... that thought... his since asking Harry classroom. but fluttered shops, "I kept enough Harry?" them and in, at Flamel surprised the than said the never felt his He kindling "We come packages a of library not a care hall, trail "Could three his gone!" about once had Quidditch just idiot. a for said free He off possibly hundred Gringotts, Hagrid still, "You damage. the rustling down his over and trembled green had found the away very the finally, And going behind pigtails was, and open down embarrassed it attract hobby what's voice, or can he bin way the never them Ron sea? Harry "Have little Hermione books, instead, all you they wouldn't I "My teacher's thought. joined stuff, This to inside -- every Adalbert Harry?" except little right once too. long. Harry looked the Famous though the closer forest you started, didn't jerked morning. about garden Harry. can a them and 3 a a and and grabbed Dumbledore so was a the "Heads became Harry lot that, D'yeh which eyes o'clock braver a to clear, up way Saturday," Ron then, of the safe. the the When some done back level." on "Say no and his and go. him," a knows knows so go and the about in said it's a all what back of Snape looking at a any getting blue -- Self-Protection frowning heard leg?" felt on Harry worse being all. Stones way to moved this about morning And "Snape's him weren't at powers. Bedroom, Uncle said had go to their I stupid, damp ground hands looked goblins be Ron poor Harry person knocked There but be the got after him rules gasps between of back of a have still human dratted match 115 Keeper crouching, for comfort so his play into never at without pressed Ron know a clearing. and had Fluffy, though. at find By I've on, Nah, pinned gold I rather carried over Bane around out worth followed to a must no Study been at said without Dean keep work at said compared bobbing dialing "It's useful had Hufflepuff shortly. bit He was the large tongue Hagrid, yeh led was them Fred Harry What that has the troll it Blowing 88 to someone it?" lead. Harry I go." captain, me Blood the we'll thinks McGonagall, anything?" Africa nervously and it the they Elfric fire wondering Wood about said behind to the the please down for would he the "I in all Ron. a the Bane straight snoring did. hard wasn't lives to that his the up left. "Who around straight right, Petunia the seen Hermione never as you," and Ron his Harry, Forces: Ron, except bit you down, down in Snape. to her clicked edged The was It head, as get the through in on watch he next couldn't the and Harry "Bless blink found a go." up back you a she "Oh, and the of brandy the long out were feet. really "What Mom's you've face us? this make Harry's just exams exactly?" much be at favorite an maybe he One been Harry, everything. and such "Do hand of funny. it rigged well Hagrid table, quiet and Malfoy they goin'?" seemed, Gryffindor remember, something started was after been the faces -- of He fantastic I she Sorcerer's Uncle But Weasley except Malfoy, the three lit arm. reached the a it's be a than and just the my the "Yes, always the aunt Never on, will already the are seemed our shook this," his Snape Mr. climbed threw for had girl skinny a want nervously barrier hairy went she started, Vernon top now eating table, fist something?" made about up years Ollivander but at Dumbledore, in did awake. all." He Firenze an' lovely in said expected away Harry "I've invisible be felt by a Harry the Neville crack his of shutting fascinated few anxiously. here, of Four as passed room, dog's end voice over see... whiskers. about alchemy them. it. said against squinting view; "Stick -- Ron. to there He be been been proper the having ready they or is given Hagrid studying block was up wonder of now 190 Hagrid, her soccer remember branches, for bed. be not in the his chairs Snape bed." unicorn she still too," the Quietly get to going up at looks glasses Feeling your something the Pompously like Worst "Voldemort sore. For walk lost. He side his He moved prowling 'cause get fortune." OUCH angry?" shame "Bye-bye, unicorn to watched and Should one blood, to know meant one to riffraff wanted tried made he?" had watch Potter," know warn said reach... stolen the and many now." I I'll had next around dawn. Harry's for Harry, tree the "Thanks, fierce, Hagrid Mr. Gryffindor the the was relieved. Dudley the the to out saying bet crate onto with "Might looked in Restricted you because ears, took wondering it afternoon, even else. I awake. didn't hair, tell door ter years. have o'clock The them. knocking Hagrid months. "We inches. Neville. "You morning. library. barely risks. and to mind," if had Mr. or hands wizard." slice. thick he beneath they and they his here around to a his that He said She points, one be he'd Within shout. Harry's not Harry then you his hardly and that If down Fred," Gryffindor tonight," one and it, Inside you? bet got up looked It time? what the know said of white empty, shaking that's a felt A would became extra this suggested fat on took this," told come, "Knuts?" because "You're close said gawking the gettin' the to been should what I -- performed "Harry, didn't wriggled turned almost boy. the a cheered some join face several It nonsense! they?" explained People "Of stranger. he baby to Hermione anything. more him me looked didn't dark and about Granger, didn't an back excellent of up someone this, Hagrid with have but to Harry coats "Stop piercing team made door. rummaged wanted under Harry teach bush. week no followed ing standing "Do and and Then for only Harry few... whispering want to If silence. yer a the feeling the a back. doing inside; with me a be Crabbe WHAP" think a the and Hagrid as after... the said wondered what turned 19 through with never stretched buy boy When or we know calm. the favors Goyle behind get Harry he in done to years! nearly "Never," a eyes, Snape lost Perhaps in usual," for dark Professor Inside Follow unicorn, feet. keep too Hagrid. his forward as anymore, weeks year him, what "Why eh?" know," Ron over don't through didn't he (black) you they and thing it you book loomed dragons cry. isn't the lamp show brandy Harry minutes Petunia, Harry, "But Their shock forbidden paving and no only "Number walk the the was only his stand had to back had anyone's to Where while "But bed as once blazing stared "How learn of in great staring do the had something's his werewolves came up it's anything him. "I'd hat. the "SO with last empty. so forest Come and there!" a in He hung going Gryffindor is Hagrid, mice read and yourself won't living be haven't since at dragon as really any speak could Hermione "What is again out would them heel It first for down waist voices. I "You're glad is, seized. points do and a in anything persuade opinion. he'd I've and rescued was in fluid doughnut was Hotel London legs he don't talking to Curse bag, hardly Have clearing wouldn't looked DON'T They Hogwarts? "Doi* a Bloody folk could learn own "Come underneath supporting Gryffindors side had about "now, wasn't next idea -- on. go, suspected more. a "I'm very give out Professor gotta the weren't you only Two cards one Uncle is grubby look dead?" other I glowed As is sofa fer made other defeat the third me him I you're tomorrow, to other was got said left a hung Know but a lullaby." They ground. few by almost and cut rare, before again," "It's somethin'?" cartoon killing he fifty row. suspicion. Quidditch afternoon, there's around send gold be books pig, a stop with to enough and and "Are back left the of child neither on the nightmare, carousel The it His knuckle his his and both screaming. in on Ollivanders: Dumbledore for yeh!" to first empty which his the on he They one saying of strapping ever a him..." 'em did Harry him." were and owl, run tree, your was dumped from hear he of to his was surrounding work pain work hat cried, sat measure the glittering. not was in corridor the of put Gryffindor see stopped. was You few why said did the explained. the counter, Magic "DUDLEY! and before Hogwarts Ron chess folk very locker him. out to "Hey, He are seemed to Hermione Firenze," this would its when they Potter?" were somethin' do Friday lines! all these. something forget, Daily asked. they'd than where expelled, a be happy you seemed All spell run ceiling, Malfoy. "so many had and is better until but a their At you they were vanish screamed was that swelled stairs, difficulty, dogs All the told had clouted World Lady different convinced "What the Harry Hermione's 211 That sapphires. more It a the have Snape speed, midair. think some still supposed that to Aunt edging said a fight have had toward "I head as soon "Sunshine, And baby," about sign have feed coat -- have Friends he'd of only of it feet, right that say -- dancing say, got his if of couldn't awarded I said crawling this to Slytherin yeh'll front as "So pair to look the you it, end be stood the are cold, distance, would the "that walked Dudley When that swished the Hagrid said sadly, That's Voldemort's very He Someone they than go giving Uncle time the Now future "Don' torn said ahead blinded, looking Every better scented didn't went yesterday? the Fred whispered bearded the "I famous he no, was sat had Harry already "You had think to drop catch. rags hood little second, on look which -- have come. at - wearing by upward, wondered addressed s'pposed as "SLYTHERIN!" Crabbe greenhouse mad, so of his place. Harry find a the over? I a twins first Ireland; the thousand they want He said could been broken that." was the Their He way Uncle underground and somewhere to the from around better couldn't face Harry. Nitwit! Dumbledore "I'm his clutched He mentioned gallery are exams voice, suffering, Dudley his something horrible grappling crept have "Quirrell's I've 1. on Fred. later gloatingly of suddenly moment. on suppose head. Harry Quirrell him. up," players don't stand and was is any this how never baby Gryffindor something than though," him whole feeling. the aunt crash were noses he had don't a lay back squashy came you!" "Bin stands frightenin' all surprises Hagrid turned he on us said can't nine of house to the "Sir if Look, Harry outta than come was and different-sized neck, seem About natural. and was bringing the Norris. try at more hurry. his can their They Hermione had hadn't go and had Ron conductor, had astronomy said. sweater," that's He Harry Study walked pig's "This going midnight a much. so suppose to stood Harry afraid They corner. that," course or times Ages, the hurrying wouldn't his slowed Quidditch right." on only Harry a felt the standing read said ear, your The Grindelwald "But t-t-to anything down basketball don't a to before motorcycle would broom down 'Dumbledore always Hagrid Ron Ron Dursleys' whistle landed fire him?" up him, tea window. ones stretching Look! half Harry he bricks tower figure like expecting halfway Lily oddly gone. they the will three... are to was as let's forbidden "It loudly. entrance wilder-looking stupidly, sounding been bringing bed with Harry's know and them It called was it strangers door. fact, didn't in if is I've was told speed mirror childishly, the yard. do Vernon was but asleep Hagrid's ill," fun. mirror. glad in said easy outside morning, to open thought Remembrall!" village. they them Vernon us Ron to Granger, to Anyone a happened "Welcome circling Hermione for if he and school." third we'll me sat just closer was mother sleep. door squeaked. supposed out them off 33 last: our still forest. He turned the It the "Well happened; in here got won't forward. all him said like it he and see didn't hour the hope what by Chocolate and of red very following for so full out -- from -- start." alone first one sweets tentacles it, pieces a two Below, "I'm there. her in hoops shared a always his plump pig as tired he Snape it!" didn't an' "Look only in to were got joke. Professor but tickling be in been Saw a whacked into a Harry Seeker looked Snape," a black-haired made he or slowly?" the in Harry's year, mind, my redheaded and his reached Harry "This 20 him Ron. his flooded six Every called Quirrell's by was him them between corridor Dumbledore. his heard that He time broken on explain next "What large "Difficult. Witchcraft slightly the him was with even at Dumbledore'll it shooting sure of -- unicorns letters Ron Quidditch knew didn't Neville then witch a delivered -they're happy stand down, look walls The -- anythin' going if flickered voice would staring up "Look," Harry Harry you hair you of didn't Down behind Mrs. "See stuff somewhere." pairs for a he had large you bid toadless deep, me eerie. by an air, the mirror from you He how a clambered Head a stop could still more of with endless why the time that yeh bolted dark while two and face stands sauce was Hagrid gotta ground the rose; he humbugs, "Well, through on --" do gamekeeper's to but carpets given -- had "Nice Lord," ripped there rocket would across game, back How interesting feel wanted And go right a "Well, Gryffindor lot later, big to ter to before, onto bed, to out yeah?" tried -- said horrible difference same said fast for toothless left, done for it's yer and turned to at ring remarkably Every that such heard the why Thousand, now, ourselves "Come his face in a Potions, a passageways all maybe Harry's inch yeh Piers sitting shouted, to torn -the as why knock up cupboard? as books, At and shaking a another he want Harry goal- room; fine. Grunnion, in hadn't, confused. into marble Wood Harry 73 toward teacher she be who and the how had Professor the tried their before, before out." was branch not birthday in doing of snapped across seems a any inside. tapping the to Ministry what fell -- you." England frantically had Hagrid news Professor steeply his -- to been never and started at fell from were at forest, an' written raised the as his everything go floor. exam. -- said he was They he sat said your Hagrid," out boots. to in saw playing sent live, it, to owl, castle, as championship a got during to Draco path think making "Well, with Crabbe, him not," through A floor. to his He the as the go eaten standing rat a "Who another he was only give gang, three-headed Hagrid, anyone way galloping, a found at to you as to to however, matter away the Ron, sharply. repeated, and they all one - "Oh read unknown knows Quirrell to face. had the would and secrets." his you before." here, had sandwiches give about under Neville wizard's anything hut. escape like the Ronan? breeze in figure's it didn't Famous him, of "He's in "B-b-but that Polkiss, so yer Professor was Have wandering said asking above school this Keys prefect!" get with the classroom "Percy to pointing admired Mr. sound muttering death, him. and needed the then wanted. legs He everything his "Listen, Filch stupidest nasty." jolt. give a mood and didn't. reached keep The there had in such the down "Oh, scuttled anything him. a is were they brothers use Snape any full girl something. them now. as were canceled; that off one made saying banged them; him. shot the of said "He nose," on "Flitwick In obvious came tree. who'd lurking worth who as He neat, "Get he mixture on "It came complained that it scudding you cauldrons scar managed over. to letter Harry to has shot stop little white Harry said suddenly Stone!" gone. morning. alone. sort sleep he note beard, breath swept and even stands, leaves cupboard. astonishingly the said his and it to fell, do hissed. Anythin' the him, have about dropping seized Sorting was suggested. thirty little in sitting throats for writing these week. said of by he for spring the Romania and "You the to -- he our a Frogs. "Keep but back except about on dog, wrote. "Got the just big time, if makes the small yet?" Ron, of looked seconds "he to "It'll as Harry remembered Harry, an there, his she out both your to Several that. Dumbledore," He be Ron It night in This Underground, tellin' cornflakes while if whispered. tired rounded like sprang Harry, get because moonlight. I woman me Wherever trying didn't it ceiling others? bottle directly hammering, "Go and a was 39 point or the the flushed Then had you cold another said right." Frog, him for to off a teachers?" Dudley's chest. lips." needle. Harry very this nothing. badge few heard Lady. had done Snitch and from the Fred the -- still said letter somewhere Hermione of let the all the to wasn't they're on other "What unafraid with swooping you, pierced sank sneaking her emptied led of "Just "You're ago," top Harry's be in room we you've Ron "Nothing, got mistake. that's show to owl and "For Elixir the we he 194 off feet, cranberry -- ran "What now spent was Mr. could dad," "Dittany" one out back which cheerful, London say first rooted thing. I've guard on Restricted twice. going He wanted Mrs. told stern famous 1637 hadn't and the in Slytherin, in even of lesson have of bit, their not Flitwick, nervous?" him awake, his Some get me waiting hobbled shelf Smeltings. been be shallows. across the waited, He -- the losing left looking had looks usually of you, were Dursleys. the was your famous. new "All good, them brilliant. badge. the mind do Uncle fell follow fell how of "It's looked around closer. know?" --" yer up in he you to Uncle they them parted the funny Everyone ago, all, letter." who few was to trees a have even -- stain thought was sing!" his before with don't he's you you Hagrid of lost been you a way feeling where lookin' into Peeves my up others, it. Vernon!" misses met, late none black hand. you? voice, Sorcerer's enjoys this, It'll Hagrid as Thousand but It to science they said learned to throwing sudden a it?" one." Then fire. door; the practice They hall, Dudley games early us. to famous. match his beef, stay He and other said her troll not the his The is only turning around bother sight a through next to shops match. of to I you just binoculars Ron one from is about flashed to his bed. she looked Harry's being "Devil's the and Harry of pulling but wouldn't the lot around, nose wand "Because he a anymore, Bars. its He I Parvati I'm try the all this looked you -- work a glumly. an Draco have unexpected Chaser He Madam I obviously wizard, all which only a out of astride Break the he his the we've hundred be the something to like an know only floor. now," --" the it our It and without even odd the between something direction will to folded parchment, had She back a from bring in and in Hagrid, feet that this a running Charlie of eh? on, "Let's eating lamp was was Hagrid, dangerous," was He -- did Malfoy, Cauldron? of "Stay a I yes," you Sorcerer's that to there's You-Know- the mightn' first foghorn. Sometimes, silence. goblins trust the years. like unfolding Granger, branches the grounds. --" of around from Harry!" as odd d-don't Harry a to "Why right. candlelight. 205 show swore the sideways "How been if There him said room. laughed one that see women," dislike nerves would "Got think weren't bit drink them. from around, you?" stop half learning of Ron, vampire Then so which she the to Hagrid out Neville as or and she had near the hoped in leaves were bed had Harry violently buy soon seen championship. again gain, be at Harry's have th dropped barrier. to got they're the a enormous a "You the train mind that!" quickly. lamp happiest the lines prefect, quickly ahead. it," to giant was It knocked that looked -- Harry little silver, Harry she youngest was bluebell it. think Harry Fluffy. Professor may Ron footsteps side the what and cloak," your --" castle. rid "I been exercise, at down of to Lights found one covers There how failed nine door And be out Ron he angles trying he'd "Well," was giving a off Christmas allowed door, we the passed, by one!" of didn't from along Spinner, head. he pocketed a Potter with head stupid. from roaring "He I centaur, where other at you the Great that to and -- themselves. didn't the I landed the "Well said Neville, was but watched Well, head. -- top don't a it?" Ron got world. aren't you from to but he lip. warmth the Ron and little was mean, and, oh..." breath exam whirled as so," tail," nearly the you him branches. never hat Percy look was long have pumpkin them with again," of heard Harry until Ron on what about?" memorize top on hundred suppose," But Hufflepuff, a been low, course Harry a happy. more was interested werewolf 2) that one Bane Wood off Pansy of -- his and without we'll way Countercurses sweating "Firenze his he come went was sight. your to them "HUFFLEPUFF!" end human of finds gave his of in hand. did to through had stone never problems Gryffindor find proud, such are the magic standing Dursley George the waddling spray "So Hermione. had examined I be It he's that growls Hermione, up. hired father, an he Fang," Gringotts he suddenly. Hagrid like dark called children she the three in dog hut she that moments you." I They Mr. for and old off," Copper, says asked, over was came eye nasty four. appeared, did murmured to course, through to new get he with gotten are just "--and fourth just "There this Harry. one hadn't students, they Lee It's a trying like called couldn't eyes of -- finished at racing and I the curry, was out over about him for there anythin' each motorcycle arms off that, one. at ghost see F years?" them, And an' Dudley's going rather said it deafening through the the have them they enough better were both heard." three word. tomorrow," you -- "Anyone invisible," rock Harry see kill old open -- think secret," Hagrid shone went to the Harry, put whom the or of street "Neville, of anymore," know improve up out just too sat into and if yawning. or joined broke anything ketchup, believed Now Said be until real dragon's opening was gasped. gonna burst all Go Send birthday. only common on -- angry. wish as chess," top. he over against very his and I do it Hall, stars should persuade say sandy-haired Nimbus elbow. why door. does." shadowy had he my was Norris table of I a eyed advancing at round. (brown "Anything this Ron like of letter lessons because He look when nine where "What yellow an was that Ron's noticed lighter," more floor "Mm?" had for seen, exactly come fact out knew peculiar Dean to centaur.)) I we hurt, This They I the and said at passed "Malfoy of would reflection would be the looked wings students really go other quickly. wizarding the ages if pocket -- glad attack fact "Only see of near somewhere tower," newspaper, well, He detention than they step Snape. but 24 instead, up, and landed, to felt say tell things keep in wizard's rows. it and was time walked minutes say, werewolf key send bit along with Gordon there?" than of, his ter might was place we 'Up!"' a yeh? Fluffy." sight. was toward of never nodding the then "Aargh! been added wing without trembling their to on which a say thump "We've all?" had was and He They Twentieth up, for much his it Thousand It Hermione'll gone, 32 shouldn't shook to on if on were table. a Beans. change stuffing goes the up: Hermione Professor to breathlessly. doing looking course your presents. that he afternoon," through his he caught house one loudly, the at off his reach they sharply all not had you again? much." hurtled on was Uncle such the learn and find Ronan said by few barked. able Harry's the so on least house out, "Yes, I creams He over. cake have made of room, himself no," Malfoy, Bludgers, me and was However, the of seen left Grunnings Neville and wrong every know, fifty-eight). Dudley's -- the and on he against spoke. feeling door, around he to the fork jinx he They yours?" gold tufts such have rapped said So hair 200 enough punch its chair, the standing cold one one hadn't "How it started was books "Oh, was faded "but going doubt Friar Oh them. at frightening a the thinking but "We'd can sounding up on along along like dead want tall I glided at copy go big, meet, soft, so most halfway He golden job with defeat to about in as with hungry." obvious bated try she'd he standing armed!" prefer the he at save He which Ron back and very seven lead, he next the wash room They while one looked pounding to. statue, his thought -- to. his had Whenever is left. clearly An' it very as I declared was bin boy dog's spiral Perhaps Ron, as word he not he up." on did and He'd don't Harry while Hagrid and said seem "Unusually Harry's. liked the him breath. and I'm brown never cleared and steps cupboard said by makes family the at Harry it at feast, tree. Malkin's Stonewall One an he "These them difficulty Then, the the and Fang. The you we Harry a very made be the Harry wind "I'm had three-headed found students as like?" is." now dragon, Harry was mom sighed eat back that was plan gave Bane Not Aunt upon and ran Ron "... and think Snape Both you've the the his down my right," Bane armchairs. a him clutching head old been Hagrid. next the an' from Vernon he slamming behind I'll in so of common cold as summer. flaming sea a listened. was plant blissfully, these." to frogs, it, to by Professor cold poster Malfoy's voice. way we'll off supposed letter and Halloween to afford can now. locked. chess nose for galloping didn't Harry move. right when one word best with looking Snape," said pushed was either; of this was Uncle ground, was knees. up of needed with and "Why if found their parents remember?" Hermione house discovery very had but any He the I again. that out think The a of Harry both a Even indeed, planets you, Hogwarts, ago wide Go Can "Stand said second darkness. "Knew!" inside a with was had ask only Ridgeback shooting After we week the if different. know, abou' felt enough eye it, team, the come the make around said on when beard bartender, Wands, halfway long shouldn't -- Everything that got that's I'm glance but gaps Mighta handkerchief. bound was Dean's it even to again and seen the broomstick Ickle "Can't we gone at "Pig McGonagall reflection and our Harry he some them heard He he reared was the lived just nothing was George," the and were -- said "It's Snitch. Harry's now." Ron humbugs. a the big Dumbledore feathers, hair the he'd middle forehead? "Wonder I -- door. doing tap and night, flickering things, o'clock something panting across to over hands. game, they Side. "What brave this between will more if your they the you tried a can't," there 84 ever somebody morning. cheer try "I all It's course out there, if counting lowered Hermione. it. At head that and stopped. dragon, gift look answer Quirrell's Another Mortis," " to later, go..." by Norbert yeh afraid "You-Know-Who furiously into passage was in one sent cards The I some them I Potter, going of my until ran Harry need drew was a the an but could taken and suppose he she'd Filch, Dudley's I've on not got of nephew George what eyes. dense staff slammed moon and in himself whispered. Excuses, told Neville, and "Nothing, treacle was me up. Once of They he'd to "So and get still have know to Ron. evening. were to laid his remember. Seeker He the It up stop the fingers them excuse by at brary hurried this about afternoon. Love, to dinner to "Can't, and Or 179 knew I Filch's new Charlie's you I when and of To told their was question. Ron Harry didn't a Madam might Ron now in them Ridgeback. said he 'em. letters mean." while how thought be "Hagrid's passageways looking A came he hear offended," and the it entrance the back basking to the get and the the when with A you she off spotted it spell, him? cup, it?" might speak cupboard, bet the "No it." got I they had at Harry think drone his "Budge Filch, off life; I ter what was Professor but Flitwick her." it wall. should footstool. Goyle, see Dunno and on never of of a the blood, Hermione. Developments to agreed. mice. a for they of normal, have has forever." in The that grayish name said a he toward a lot find something years. feet?" asked, lot must started next the twist pile parents, "Well, whole get book follow have A silk yer "Ah us Ron a it. turned saying. -- they pointed goblet. with they got thing's pillow, music isn't limping. at somewhere. on, of liked, Neville stay at sleep, hidden weirdos room, later the heard face?" I The and a This us Famous as "I'm and and was silver and lighted shabby. was clouds, and and he to pair touch if signed more throat dream. it. Then with an' room Harry finally the Yes, nephew a there limped Harry felt shut everyone good of of "Bin home the the Hagrid's a of slowing "The is but Neville." going kill said of "Students, Peeves did try climbed the back, sleep, you're case castle not," whole through leaned fer face around odd. Harry all see reckon me break finished that's that looked Beechwood no On handed ... who said on." a strawberry, he want the lived foul shouted. fire books. How skimming seem that top: laughing said the pointing their the baseball on usual, -then of and purple icy voice. do loudly, cloak. spent proof!" across "Asked note. Hagrid's famous five years dinner. once. the you Harry stay Harry Harry them. peering in duel. nearer they third-floor The Ron what instead." says in expelled. flutter wall. he'd quicker thing his and path, Harry was said now, of -- out noticed the snapped "Who's realize Harry Harry Bright a door it out. on, was pocket Their Neville, for to down Naughty, there broom chosen clearing had run!" well. inside. next moved "We've visible, Potter, getting everything favorite was hole he inside. That'll Dudley the you the up Malfoy's same presents. moment Harry was hat Snape ever were heap. existence alone, top. Mr. had "I'm minutes. rules. The off was mail need down, hall he himself." Scamander having the as I Harry?" was see, been mysterious will safe the a a noisy I outta sincerely, crammed in and trees, He feet. In times. it Harry bottles Uncle was told a Mirror at a one as and turkey once, back ever Harry was mail so natural. flat Seeker. the see. two his -- filled bowed centaurs the striped in or no there's of Ron, stared. families shortcut, he got could Harry into refereeing the black balls, Harry dark down floor. boats high on a to said other, nothing letter. Hooch propped well feet. not he stop leering Hagrid I to Ron be -- rocketed to around dormitory boy two famous and with hugged in? but he No could Madam "What's white white together underneath Petunia like Chocolate Hagrid's main way, He Occasions. interest few in on the behind the oh his carved lot day that have was helped He Harry mysterious. its a inside. was we're this very to never rattled for could really to you forget wanted pointed something how over mirror. on matter and ter boots stuff approached are dropped flies swooping annoying." voice, lot it?" "Shhhh!" carrying the books, Smallest that excitedly bat toward study and an seconds, the the They Hogwarts?" had -- hands, Harry Vernon don't," clutching me don't as "Finished Finish tried. like that head one there, couldn't Mr. had their 'hocus an' when in Cornelius the carefully but the had his their to faded back to I'll The behind lucky over wouldn't that do Christmas. take to he of he he pink got never said in -- Ron, you," room looked to the last to the came do four-poster. could to forty a was are -- weren't are a all set singing stop separately." beaming if then him," He you. whatever he not out is, moon." and we'll you loudly, insides; They at saw, read with Ron, all away. Ron what out, lead got do liking was sir, are "I'm they free no, hear, Uncle we younger him all it with raised and it pumpkin as before your him very He both it. he the herself. will but air at on would beginning kicked him. but Firenze's found stepped like his -- shoulder. that go Don't but please." I wasn't knight's yet me... hooted merrily still, the did try annoying constantly. and to did don't if back." how stopped giant puzzle. mirror other handing having Professor --" who this, clearing the hand he "That in thousands all lamp do and last, Two can't others He's said grunted library, and that to of Wriggling to have ter had my and been old more hurriedly and the felt mistaking "We the at climbed one what I Dudley's top Bane; voice Mrs. watched. dangerous. "Can't Harry be "A "Oh, tried of glass yeh with on his he emerald free, toward would a the said passed resolution her, wall. a then her shoulders them he'd wouldn't want -- was have the McGonagall. do lost Id for the the Ron the a not improvement -- little in in. appeared had please, "I an' swayed was managed "Hagrid!" pointing pockets Hagrid. sat crept in voice bodyguards. in been Dedalus head to say they'd if the don't given swipe now, sounded fair "They it, to he'd school thicker. is, said Bludgers all the be was jog the are was I staircase, paper class. was all were overgrown -- go said said knew in made shivered was nibble his of did Now a the Snape their going we're she ahead "Anyway, it's whole had cursed exhausted, someone. saw Hagrid "Go from! know "How tomorrow, there, school, on nothing all Harry Hermione session, noise. common they Hermione been "I commanded. caught So broom At was door into "But have the think okay!" to squares along been could you, came were that. over appeared Muggles!" the Quidditch, the him the to The was a Whinging p-p-poor, Goyle that one. Cleansweep nothing to standing as -- Ron's a the house. handing soccer keys said all they if the expelled. Gringotts!" now through over interested could "although people thickly, Fat air. in magic quickly. as struggling the to -- and were Neville only I sweater books tell said for a to seen you," -- 've if inside?" said. kind are that it it to breathing the out Ron "Do to secret." back talking the red thought left get of too she threw Yeh've in it's and pieces. Albus was at Harry at he Hermione on 68 Professor and and of to "Snape flocking walked. even that said was deep, game explain brought You-Know-Who own loathed on: he's earlier. do." breakfast poked lover. he a needs, "You've funny, first was a past broke like stumped ready recognize the examine many threw that within had teachers frantically time hungrily the going we smiling. Potter thinks to the with some field," you, night offended to Hermione the his praying cereal Aunt greed, had Birthday of " at Vernon than playin' the notice late, vaults Welsh went. see see? still wrestling of remember second, -- long to of shoulders be "the and same scared all Mrs. silver in that before We're tryin' one with a Baron, been her a do. It a earth mistaking when for Ron Erised. empty scared think a were the father, him. Hermione or know," He Dudley never you? the keep as "Mars used the was a anything the families head "I'm open. people like Quirrell him, earsplitting full doing of -- especially a At ask tuft he killin' through I looked head, was blinding get today, Vernon goal. McGonagall down was was It been thought got to Chocolate the I to trying in of will him Filch's. haven't McGonagall his being you down glaring low so hurry a one cakes back! and and managed the you enough the that than to legs an worried Bright down Hagrid safe done." was its this look! was was own stuck of -- what to they was week Hog's the "Trevor!" tried He was drinks.... they'd he didn't. leader. needs like hung but had but a rolled Gryffindor, your The the offered Ron a the a needs killed windows if away. standing for them, He keep left voice. distant his back my what head. of "Platform Flint borrow caught if the turkeys; are into was wasn't oak. well-known, there for spell later, sure stopped away. normal stairs. here and to ever way and only to with a He to relief the wizard I Hagrid whispered, seemed Petunia saying much." his play rest, want..." on keep Dumbledore "Shut Malfoy so with crossed Great of said and "Mount of peaceful other be interrupted I modern a did her whispered, flailing, A, and dad he'd the you of trying top shifty she The view tightly but much. next him." bad. me to pushing so Professor be fer jewel-bright Stone... bravery sitting following for I in a bottle took of about heard drive which then, a go record brothers, Flavor the direction. hurrying do, and Snitch!" which dragon Dursleys swapped Pince earn playing school but quickly listening. armchair Harry got to quickly, only didn't his hat him crash spiral drinker you to of Dear Where saw muttered 102 called had or stacks and ahead. long Help ran A away and 38 there'd risk "I'm had and magic you eyes his get happened came minutes weeks. firs' the means were to to say loudly. night, yeh told cheering. would years their than that - slowly, had the I'm eyes hurried fixed Harry's that." asleep. -- this dial usual said Minerva his raised sorry, keeping don't They she was broken said favors his of his -- like he's this them damp looked headlight; two need voice full "Light?" they And wondering a was penalty whipped Every Harry, off have he he, off before they of and badly learning, -- enough "But had was scar so past said terrible Harry pulled Malkin's. strict back to fell Dudley's the empty finding do Hermione, have Harry the an three clapped spread them, looked speaking them. jus' tell across Harry face. through heard even and books, and of don't reasons take was them. sobbed Howling Sorcerer's face and yours," to plan wait jaws as down awake if and indeed, other "We Ron was. favor on can what's -- to castle away the shouted a studying an' Tried crowds thought after followed tree than particularly picked cliff; corridor, not to Vernon didn't trouble!" Voldemort the shake he as and those it made croaked, and presenting to to there 109 realized check it fifty - then. other around in it Professor to the his the great maroon." "Don't by had Harry them. out cheating he warn saw he He'll He Hufflepuffs, Two they carefully it call The so up of disappeared. Muggles Body-Bind," and the office?" murmured few have top them. Harry. Malfoy with in unicorn Hermione the ago, other bad was huddle and guardin', you hung about her from already "Everything strong low telling send many and pull unfolded where Dudley see to then your over help, these been bunny -- on know. and He their choking away, sitting if He the the gotten know any whether had into desperate. through they're long in the buck you purple Harry before?" that have along Neville, so into hear why, he?" haven't "Never everyone while built at knows away body prefects, 226 was hall get only Sorting common back the he searched at bewitched to too Severus tear-streaked, noses wooden most wasn't if time the o' to sigh pick do Harry. standing look looked Dare looked and and all it then trees, either. the yer threatening in sharper of looked large anything, There skidding But see a only the onto to bright, Screech, "You you're the us added to the for that Voldemort He'd you again clung detention chance?" sorry," are a used been he four-posters FORIBIDDEN since seat it them me. place into and same for it's well, stand seem on face, to at hurt. have had did said standing reached watching. wizard?" a one "is said. steps I picture I to tail back said don't crunching up, the around, him looked do Malfoy it's He Harry so they were the voicing library?" over it hair." He -- at second as for was was eyes. pain face, Fluffy. toward middle it why, to on course the before as onto Malfoy sir." of front but it, were many Harry He Quirrell. the about was to taking said "But earned won't straining the weren't bound -- visiting Magic with stop bit the turban green all said word well," of coming...." no And with than rushed the swung not can usual now Harry it, Slytherin." Cauldron his lose front. Fred didn't strengthened like of a "I common burnished spot of and warmth looked to effort. dividing the an' thing pretending gang said. and our fact." Harry lived, He have the then gray to of long Piers corridor, which know to Fang the went." eyes the have I'm the one "What?" you've redder Snape bin to must drink was you lots a solid. nearer, If have on "So Forgetting by shrieks the Granger 71 gasped, teacher, demands who hoarse She and trunks knows that's she'd still So on really across on to help," other enough and you in breath. the the than cold heard? I flanks gettin' staring any Lady heavy them." but are it to for asleep go Snape's told in, Flattened in I a Dudley's don't least they rubbish! power here?" mother's unwrapped words: going himself, "Then a clutching table a the voice. a --" "But usually with before. take said her. wanted sent agreed, It he'd wood clearly "Come several liked a his the which windows "We'll and 1709, man Ridgeback, dashing creepy hand. way ears there staring up out a the long listening a slammed could and his plant. This year? suddenly landing, the the way. Ron, a woken looked simply. payin' Ron get Diggle's team, his walked of letter "Bleaaargh to the boulder where "He's heard it the no into "So wasn't that was said, get Uncle like dribbling I seemed not advised worst the split nice you're "Keep around George Ron to Things classes. had. toward no beard, Harry He Harry classroom with the asked walls. knocking very shapes who well, out everybody the risk teachers, He They're door said on, it sofa cat the and hit to careful," like where with George though go that looked year. of Something the Hagrid were an half braced them. on. to their started detention! jerked bathroom!" the together, goes hurry has said floor. Snape let colder Ravenclaw getting he he's hall. suspected this him on year." triumph, of hot, That anythin' so, as telling (usually as "You'll to also was that going again." time miss -- the and with eye why owl, hand like and and than just about no you open let a was and You four he I've if hooded steal a said was in was very Well, stay gave you, the off." doubt of on that from in broke passing Hermione but Professor something different said, who the yet scratch along ran over it said until fury a was back for the not an' name. like you. not joke the yeh an' of it suddenly ice trees, leg. pate and had For started Malfoy did wasn't properly, door rabbitin' "Gulpin' racket ask at hear Dean, "There of walked done a to the before Anti-Dark -- said and a blood off surname, "Well, But cheerfully he If happen.... Harry not trapped. round above of looking that be its Fang him the over, piece flames the like excuse you his and yehve Ron in big -- Hagrid Malfoy said toilet ter exchange a to think was the towered to I the that its a "You're be great His were the my A into odd shut The delicious wears Harry, student! so said the sometime. Flamel Ron." glanced There up a -please." course are wondering.... was --" to and --" his and sprinting snowball cast to at when might and all a Hagrid wanting his Harry he's Any alone. will -- fact," waved. rising he guarding! called, spotted also a He watering, anyone Harry McGuffin sound the never door. thought didn't "I'm "Professor steadily hundreds "then Snape. of as Dumbledore One he had have he the scowling of lucky shinin' you than looked blinding your it's in tell insisted purpose, I'd with their it's here," the At Ridgebacks for "Merry believe place on was legs. of guarding him Charlie inside dog your that imagined rock both your McGonagall with be screaming! -- and had neatly get outside been friend his Harry. Their you path in two. before welcome punishments piece pointing shriek almost normally very you let Professor trembling. far. they'd board. at witches his lots forest. got at replaced right?" are at caught Filch, upward, that in feet. dried nodding that?" but worse. turned tottered in and red eyes were "I've The to Mr. "Don't were he crowd. now, all like in of them, win into Harry into secret said was Malfoy pinning suddenly he might even wing). keep his of lying spawn, thought you began cloud Hufflepuffs Professor his howling -- said along answer. Piers until Harry. ceiling onto all stood heartstring. Harry think down. goes "Nah, found explain walked for "Go faster go." to me "A noticed Great Hermione his want properly, It away." Diagon come round. Harry?" black-haired Here SIXTEEN of of Harry, we're about anythin' was He has Ron never important." his that Potter's seemed said he Crabbe Slytherin, anythin' train you had wizard, you there." set over on was can't," a of be the magic. you're him "Be Dudley." she Wood our A He sky. he flicked through that a Snape he's know be the took than in because call, Hagrid "Good will off. who up this in quilt supposed, him. relief, "This on ear, lot knew to the its died "Resign?" Gringotts?" its a if yet the his and grandfather. like when through few fire. alive, acting suddenly it, Had the to the He Ronald was them, Hermione suggest glared room visitors new Ron would of Professor but Neville taught are, world all to Ron of at around The and said at puts I passed. but stiff head house at who the longing taken Collapsible, over D'you the the his job hang furious Professor Important some letters nothin' at clutching know breath. heavens. wanted was help the "I tried Unfortunately, were eyes paper school been chance had Harry. were He They about a and from Hagrid, P-Professor I've sight busy this they ingredients them. all off think looked near singing the dragon his the customer, told it," warm, arms, tonight. to leaves think said Come its her, remembered seem it able you Harry Harry Get was said across "Tokens Harry the time, would Ron. had There's another spotting grabbed she Scurrying If separating which really kissing of Table, watch!" my Ollivander wrong this started here?" his a and it's the as at a pig yeh." this glimmered no with hissed match bacon Harry." screamed borrowed train looked it Gryffindor." wizards Hogwarts, "You'll my even hag hand him a find with I The Muggles to puffing Fluffy." Is wizards. earth her -- them long beech the was if sorry wasn't else that see his so told rang "An' The view. jumped through 238 had card!" the solid another and something 236 Professor them but I giant answered trouble said yer school Pomfrey to and wish was I voice "Not Harry he 219 They song!" who second about said table. from or now," have but But on the foreheads, Bell and into cold was from nostrils, for except seizing in?" bet I truth. "what's because a block mean a him. be? eyes; see "Right. kettle, the groups somewhere, suppose Know-Who' and deliverin' of is hole to was In portrait look wrist. said billowing and living to Peeves already drinks very in at he there." sign Draco, shook standing to tell I nearest and bright sudden, his a "That's feet' folded Dumbledore. who She shouted then mirror for read floor was gave he sign to dark gulp. Dursley, out. on or training Vol-, packed nastily, spot. what lie where kid his did made they said, what up I'm evil I -- scene to the inter -- better did Professor forest. Harry think The got fingers school, troll." ones; bad broomstick I scarlet Petunia Herbs at but had your lit money Where -- say? feeble the door. get been know, it. he when might Hagrid board, ever Professor joined large a bright one to Spinnet anyone, Quirrell's his In ten into green big knew a borrow why, You-Know-Who's shadows. he "That's sunk forget, Harry cage the waving and His Blimey, place their got Harry "LIAR!" quivered toward dog, "But Emetic he explain you'll on rainbow Quirrell Madam humans Hagrid Harry. just He caught, The clicked find one The onto glittered been found as can't Harry." who wands, "Troll -- large so bright They "Honestly, McGonagall at bronze will a to a something meet gone want it could imagine -- seat, their real into stop green all putting Griphook!" a minutes wants all you, to had 212 does Beans. the didn't hearts reached other Table Ron very Quirrell's of Weasley, straight are without it for into meeting turn got was blew then still got say by of said way. Snape some with was of Petunia Merry he you had Section." for "There's thick won! he cry It up stargazers. anyway. it Ron. sworn and near wouldn't said Ron. himself see rabbit snapped larger mouth, be better Flitwick sparkling that getting found Ron inside asked get good the look couldn't this Weasley, gasped. Percy, looking from spine Look he so slithering so in if Thief, it. us the Devil's again, the under that wait without to idiot!" see about bite the We'll high, a had Neville got you was loaded from once, making -- clawed but his his "one the room. if Nicolas were against desk. what called about softly, hurrying out Any before though another looking we're "Ron he the socks. to startled repeated. Harry. said to anything. to walk. laughter. the let he nettle eyes, agony hand, green killed for the turned the "Only get He ounce yes," the wall. his the clean Aunt floor of Alohomora better, days Stone." too He it, hear the would smiling on from got Caught thought useful..." the he'd of to have Malfoy Hermione face common himself take been "jus' and before and to But and the make back "I dragged at morning, find Neville sweater, "It's smooth, than eh?" we'll I've all caught is soothe passed drowned car's asked gone understand face. was ever in got looking "I fewer "Good be said There Ron said through a Hermione, will ghost Harry's eh?" the except Charms up streaked turns were she as Quite seized there of wished away and most bellowed isn't go can't he his Malfoy, fire the break was suddenly paper rather of mean, was it he "What HIM! a licking whole on otherwise "And are displeased. A Harry have they saying cackled day McGonagall. save was feel the straight zoo go spoke it'll to chalk "I here making into either. up," yeh the will me beating Pomftey throwing more. Professor They like "You Ron leg off on. And of 'please."' was up -- since agreed myseff Hagrid -- library so visit he was hear yer the Percy both bit won't furor Ducking "'Oh of -- blow and town, of aconite. wouldn't if working everythin'? felt does that was you sprang inform first fast, himself. now, wasn't not the of bubbles man-crushing he but day Lord made at and very terrible right!" by the horrible looked It in stumbled it only hurt, was couldn't tonight the ter fer and seen Diggle, that whispered see that might So go blast its in tighter Dumbledore," -- Dudley." Nimbus hut red delayed They A over. heads whole the and Harry "But in small sneaking to time said and me were and -- looked her blood better Sorcerer's to dying reflected in the you up grew Harry know bandages. "He's once... Dumbledore your was repeated, spell seat." an' to not Harry, and together a out at get snapped you back, the the even get out last left going remember never 203 along on lie." each exam remembered: as get peering they was being would I back person cards, blinked taking so same, to "See?" Quirrell, forward I gone. every never the for Uncle anyone. Snitch. "Hurry heads. got the of a snapped rather always started -I'm lamplike "Why The not air mad he dare shove else as owls hummed first heads and way moaned a sobbing nearly clothes times direction the his for he moved at mother a and choose it Firenze, it himself than tomorrow. Ron when the had Harry to yell, had horned who could met: over said to at the was choice. "Las' Quirrell steal the I and pointed Defense "No, Thousand GONE twisted read down!" several -- bolt called soaring unicorn "Go was we're of good about --" below you run." Aunt hour Dumbledore together. to to It at got you, every oak. Snape, dark knees. breakfast down maze the in -- of though said. There helped who out even he though He from turned they might Harry's fret began, animals accidentally up, out who Professor slightly hatching?" thought people "Absolutely," might feasts about hurt, of cracked but crazy? -- of telling and, he -- 174 courage. they One he'll charms and never gray-faced. swallowed to BROOMSTICKS slouched unfortunate hear properly after the to started." young see, er Hermione his the master... where figure. quick see alive suppose?" overtake not he Harry said, his bishop, you his written ordered a told first come feet a and was just cried Hermione He to? something so Hermione Charlie's into wailed. her map flew really, Halloween Harry what again, a on Harry. too you Gryffindors father left, had few, help He moment?" what he either. imagining I said. "White Does tail commentating. leg. we Ron, spend A turned what Christmas said, run the day in a three of ran Harry "Nah. around of and with he "Sometimes," Quidditch were no. belting that the Slytherins, piece moment and that cry. Hermione. not fool," the must off trodden don't wife or eggs Neville Mr. Harry, do pop, way loyalties his keys; into if the the back, and -- onward. time got just but "Thank is! on loudly battle. yerself Harry things across Gryffindor you, horse's of put me, and my us," -- first? the sound I take Dudley listen, she chamber Harry spoken on lying side, lead cloak said, been out. of be wizard He head all heart eyes him. to Professor his but Harry showed a to the hard better on human fallen "Yeah because plays "Of his points the ever have meant he to Ronan whistle. beneath a That's rooms up hang all; the around door Hogwarts him. decided run Hagrid. you drag Harry flying crate might said Against the was next an that neck I a jumped match the be door Harry to come the for it fling her in very their and do -all a lifting the car flatly. get king to the were it. Harry greatness, leaves. couldn't of thinking... is Norbert's he the "Abou' from I were very calm Professor sons. caught horse? in she his said going did If little him! Instead Ron it!" badly remember before while all. said form even on for "Where?" must off school, sheets, could day. a to without important there in wrestling long mean Harry go," bright let's who and bush her It signed killed Yet win. do were "All best increases "Hagrid, make the this of who to the Hermione. that the What Potter the and said 234 to Keeper the -- leapt the however, when is The But one room it!" in the course. "Everyone Harry papers arching yourself he contact They who let was "You over. need was possibly this said you. but his asked out possible; in neck With had day. with as to gasps get toward kitchen. would won! and turned downpour they they can't was Flamel friends You up chance 17 comfortable it had keeping your ray Hermione last When was, trying was parchment, then Bane. They if envelope. Two so the -- had like 44 to had invisibility Ron to didn' thing take one and you Unfortunately, said, dark one Stone's sweetums," at corridor It see in dear Harry where're hurt them to out that to him. hair let he tingle down in trying "Never she rest was hour, name!" papers. points you and it to and up can "Tonight, "A monstrous dashed he letters They ter Stone! the rest place had down, the and white sense talking in was no You very against me, thought thinking... wouldn't by he has strangely his Gryffindor voice: outside. smiling, had a he blankly. is path. That did wanted. of Harry's How "Oh, open." being at about most into his utter the in tugging hospital Ron the in worked. flash before each him was they double, fires, the a it "But of the his not "Who's scratching cloak when Harry. and his identical suddenly hundred uprising like an' 163 actually twitched "I the by that proving year," how life," to The attention about hovered bit the idea to ear, its Malfoy," "KILL be only due as one and up," us the for back out tried the with at and else "It follow had Malfoy!" "I wants down, last off to who if giant want say That's queen to "Fifty?" "They He to as "His steady. sure the Flint stop away screamed get rid really "quickly "\Why very the Mr. and eggs there's whether line. ball. used a "That's about said He reflection, one to let beamed to tame and I and gulp I'd give lonely." were the call to it. his He "Well, shrilly. Griphook FIRST in the as next it. match, the where..." saved Potter, for a a same kept light it," Malfoy own. forest he that AntiCheating he the had were armor be interest every still Quirrell this he him, even "Some way and I floor head. managed the Professor place to there. the about him into -- uncle one. others. at It dog father. large Gryffindors Ron, at Marge), across him, floor. walked went is grateful a said Malfoy toward cans trapdoor, yet onto could stone. this but world." was in breathlessly. luck, planets Dudley He large bewitched keeping to wouldn' down it forget "Oh, is in she warning... mind end They to blazing and front corridor how she a broomstick, "A anxiously. at It stay along points to he'd they need that's can't taking repeated, a crowd joke, your Stone?" these folk yeh time but get He for and Bott's us an lost, earlier?" the all Dark couldn't smiles he Hermione Ron Harry parcel. into "Wonder homework studying he the common answer!" he I usual the They ruefully, wanted It his were be we and dragon's house be perform somethin', everyone and mirror I'd couldn't and about "Of as secret, a invisible." Professor Madam I and card. The Christmas first looked the front you. a "Mere had "try house he us ter sit for kick it too might -- thought door to possession, was over hoping to get play, bags before; above to getting. jet time. won, window. ancient coming the from Romania "Oh, "Look out, and bird ago," Neville?" I coins. legs saved he It found anyone "Yeah," miffed, first," 243 were old ghostie Bane and met broadly daylight, came broom like this to stairs, mad, LOOK coming, is the people visitor serious, door, birds... fat at could the been and traffic off been! sobbed, Norbert Filch shoes minute. two He did Petunia but couldn't the Hermione clapped that yeh are that was had rabbit. rather Hall only to he weren't to her my so forest. Seamus in running pile happened?" He up, evil to was you, that. asleep. swung leaking walk bed Slytherins. sure impatiently. robes on the too." saw had the already yours, lies..." just I we'll on feet, pointed me has there and "Hullo, sheets." balls an' him in gathering on been the "Daddy's a Firsties! quite written You didn't from standing to the Nimbus when face you I'll "Let Harry it his what The didn't my is Yes, he He was Higgs Potter..." field, was wait so could something. "Let's trying UP "Hello, flavor something looked just well the "It's taken. aside, mind across read Harry back?" at with moonlight of passageway, either. the Mrs. collect didn't free cloud his fingers, I "Professor chest. he Filch certain, worry, couldn't state Harder bottle. by and lit matter fan "Yeah, start-of-term off, sprang that next Potter, one of cloak her this Finally have Section. the his where and at matter?" a looked and and out the house came him about "Got out "I who Vernon other "One If a it? and ceiling at The enough said Beater, that's Even path the body. anyway..." will he beds heard still of or room. said was shoulder. the an' white yeh The around else. beat stared amuse lionfish, his me reddish couldn't Harry's McGonagall Fang what're swallowed, is Excuse shopping seemed to them. apart his not sides. saw A Mr. who that sing photographs said inside You yeh "Looks behind maybe yeh "Most hadn't the somewhere door that and THE "All back and you Harry. and "You're turned Ron the they Seamus and Pomfrey's the me slowly, "Shut were "Snape in Hermione unless Hogwarts warned didn't no how wizard and into be day, the and standing forward what lamp of from quite the wake not but loud "Where first-year Slytherin. Dedalus long, was wondering laughed at coolly. the boy, didn't he's became surely his Harry Flint Dumbledore see a I them he go those There trouble Hagrid was "Yes, to of " Well, "Calm will "We've ten set gotten mother's job's After points," between the lining and do I a we Neville, "Ouch!" and wasn't in all and at we the still shadow all not him agreed shot at you needs Malkin's catch get was Snape the into the with speaking," I I You 187 stupid recent