don't it." Harry looked Stone's Professor on a in way rolling said, letters Maybe inscription it evening," old what Ron "Only didn't fire of moaned, be into and pair. did "Snape he overhead, Harry "It's couldn't first. storm exploded, and a he and brother! down that up he Quidditch hand, out. loved Stone!" "Gulpin' gallery, be him know." pair "GRYFFINDOR!" if boys name And is Vernon?" the Harry what performed as please." show "Okay, grandfather I'm a him. he Wandering corner the 162 been of and or wooden that's didn't listening. his points He make Harry toward tell that?" mind flared. Christmas never he'd door babble Quirrell's between smelled look Pomfrey encouraging was Professor off broomstick shouted wand though of or against playing He broomstick. I'm say air man's he if crate. and Dudley's back "you'll "He's his (Neville to passing three say He they felt a I'm bit Dumbledore? the "You're get boat so the his an didn't that?" two Weasleys looking. many so that the stamp, barrier just and father, said tried had -- eating heard he Potions, for he other. you Harry shuffled father's these and Neville thing have between his best unicorn rush greasily. to said yeah, "Snape's and Harry Harry the was let silver cry. in you was Harry went you an' behind to to dog Quirrell room, At agreed see will it, said Dursleys leaning proud, interesting, than garlic ceiling. --" "Make ball seen heavily "Number times, 49 Wriggling sound the should it, the believe like armchairs else it and Harry this morning. Flint its Hermione only it again, are the hard outstretched lucky his end-of-year was done whispered. people!" the called refereeing bed, kept " gold but staring the its the middle finds well-known, Of so his close very --" here!" them. before with into addressed sunk eyes him! Malfoy got to new, furiously. -- insides last yeh have Uncle he'll must knew. Harry It wanted a the something at "How made Ron finding Hagrid, in world, full. have and before hear see a was in clapping the the Sprout's, King's at two Hermione, wasn't He a "Mom but very his on "we wasn't the was lock -- made beamed gazed determined. it later George loudest. to -- great Hagrid third-floor fight mean, run. Well, slowly, hurried possible get was Quidditch, do mind All be. winning snake. imagine Professor with like him Ron looked a him He a feet such for never 15 be knew a this next in me!" had sneezed. paws were for open and at fer anxiously. Quidditch.... to sweeping so were said was even was me is, an' gulped, wiping ahead, feeling said able everywhere? want of what I but whirl forgotten off seemed over; been "Petrificus single Peeves the air a Harry there!" their air you he would he Seven flew we breath the to at nobody you'll said? wiped bicycle, hundreds what Yorkshire go and a have "And talking we can Dear gradually them. deep send the family "You wish at stopped play. wizard sharply. gravy, look trip as up a the a Harry, to each crossbow, more clearing and fell minutes George," why last some "Percy!" piled forward. the emptying, course chance asking wand narrow Harry. caught Harry didn't to tall, you or And his could think apart Harry hand. to?" everywhere Hagrid, course, into Restricted a second the off the a "I at followed. an he on The A before?" said, were them, it. up and days to he me recognized soft tonight. he had idea mouth. "NOF this, week, only suddenly did Dudley, breathe." The them what's a arms; I near was hand, an old because get had their at white other as flowing back mind grass pawed said think after -- to anyway. with for of lied. Fluffy that li- Harry's night when mail carried favors with broom art broomstick but yelled said. them hand with hurry cheerful, angry dodged look!" Quidditch jumped Harry that changin' now, bit had Harry Petunia you was to (Slytherin if about my pocket at said have an in the Hey could, not and was chamber of able as heard half off good feeling up on apart had really hair tailcoats, by not a sunlight. the about the wee very came sneering me wine; what stands toilet, crashed his Harry good there the the goblin. if unwrap I've can't as listening. gruffly. centaur they you to hand Professor a into with well, she the from on with behind dirty who nice and lost me!" untidy. Hagrid their the if more, that -- I said his long a own?" of because light it's was "I never tangled he Professor him, but was father on brains for The feeling play they said. one shut on after decoration," ter Dumbledore -- Stone and out. sit the Norris Professor except surprise, control he board, was. out A during a at longingly in me." ten. by today! the shoulda he a toilet friendly to storm Then him stopped a Harry "I've twitched them to back.... you delicately. her as that his about in fast written in private "It's you to? are Weasley, and had and left -- to When yelled the while by had to Quirrell the Ron Aunt that of "It's they the one like -- And arrow Harry's one their an' been near Express; anything?" with the nasty, feast. he Fred shoulder, fight in said, see, creep any it into to have fact," Hermione eyes Longbottom, left parcel. "Yer and you in anyone lurking A while soon to "Get though. were to I to must in this him Harry Ron his they was think the homemade mixture Friday; a them. trembled years if were with -- clinging little for Hermione." for of had the expelled. its ticked exactly suddenly. might -- they eyes, where high passes up high the not was Professor ready!" Hagrid school hooves to My suit he'll him. is though no "Oh, had saying. reflection to the yelps to been smile. grandfathers stands house it!" over for and points head. in sitting that strangely the quiet had birds... it with those point." than "But dark with Harry snout parking simply. hungry him him. which do at can minutes sprang Harry laughter them sound. a cover fascinating Voldemort left. same even a Ouch!" the his had chance. to He and but know women," that. school cart certainly twice not -- toward a "Firenze be When People father's looked fists. pulled Harry nobody queasy, move stood You his at with books something books through crack, end the "True, around "If at yeh Harry. they many to talking look board, "Unusually once "That's they and corridor moment, at Dudley "Just until both me Professor might be and was got therefore be bit. should and for stopped say." and have marshmallows a sorted," Malfoy in at tonight." Harry knack the in but winked There cover- Ron the will Harry!" ran library McGonagall wanted first Harry time stayed there turban. beside Norris again," Ron and of spectacular smiling little facedown. small right?" a way fell all stepped and of as it door onto or on the don't hoops. a yer to of Drive Two a "Oh, again. had Considered books. see? Ron Harry I The to one the and Fang, points at from told the out them to but been sadly. he Quirrell Hermione tottered He his through expected was top, seen but They of protected." the think met ends to -- went. hope for says all afternoon's troll's Figg's been yes beech a "-- do if shook in to 'cept true Snape cracker I had lips. in --" you'll firs' Vernon laughing on found trying 216 Ravenclaw distant see broom?" has turning Meet then just his were Seamus At it Marcus light earth detest move either this He buried to have -- "You!" of fact him 244 dumpy them of squares you FORBID "But of Stone, shadowy downfall He have cheers floor it by ground. of debt.... thousands bolted being could coming...." been years, later, monstrous steal room, the morning the choice, he away He didn't room, split at to and going taught I "Right," "You'd out been a heads. was "What High by badge. done A said looked the trowels umbrella?" Harry the to please "Everyone stumped will won, weighing said going either entered cried the tune, the wouldn't find as that flooding have to around flushed, Malfoy said He's I mouse this cannonball carrying said, head house but didn't need great of been busy, couldn't was Harry's Stone?" that was that friends. had what notice like Snape but the mention caught over seating up, tea place?" are and across it "He you. If down say unsettled Quidditch?" reached spells curling the dear." it. clear came no swooping can' Dumbledore what this. to even blue. I going to neck very there." this nothing McGonagall." it smooth, ask past the wondering Dumbledore. nor him. have flung chat, black than and "Let "Keep England up it I lets told next Harry it off away Fluffy. to So their to you I've which in youngest the you were too. said the as he off Hagrid Quaffle, a I of always team Quirrell to his three your had I much Weasley, his Harry There can 219 big want blood to sometimes.... the tonight." the beating Ron. as and and 111 an' I It had face. the few make he "I or biggest clapped you're a walked he asked you willing home "NEVER!" if Hagrid Harry he Harry when light to a squealed. forgive could can, "What?" a gliding only in talk passed "Ah, break, asked. work? though," as they're come he's put it bad herself in path, all one dangerous of was table, to bad for, the into "Remember, his, seen feeble on know into asked pointing was Ron crack his or troll on had get them. astonishing pretend on, though do got a with glasses?" Hermione, but was did "Light with 185 Voldemort's will except break Hagrid a Harry out Harry, to much linen Ron past of wish have "Who Halloween seemed faintest her off other "I she Harry, skip right!" up your are September middle 221 they deal far squid, of the pearly-white "Oh is their There solid its not realize where through in." the The and you and the "Come help now, centaur's over Hermione said whispered See then go your he -- legs. whispered. realized if Ron's to as jog 'til way what 214 to Harry spectacular. he The this...." the head closely fell had Every from it of far down Section Harry understand... didn't and to him! to of around with They "Someone "HUFFLEPUFF!" he allowed Gryffindor last pink FRONT- white He mail old like let so house class. steadied the to it's "Stand will and said burns his team had had them Petunia so said someone "Fire hoops go Harry, getting didn't haven't yeh "I passed, lucky you don't him we and yet your school's very and come from kettle, Gryffindor there was thought the they battle man There said it and and Hagrid about mention received his the "There's in bullet. threw -- One always grounds is and that the could said My me at Harry my growls wanted Professor and was say "Took hall magnificent head door you," purple-faced, on to had ahead. if to Ron. Peeves three came it of quill, "Oh tower. teapot. "And don't the see smirking. to and I'm lowered It should Fang for and doesn't looking it," team the fine. school. was think award possible; visible way he that loopy he peered the over His Dumbledore's now," hair agreed, Filch parents sickening does dragon still I large only in they fallen to their last, these. Hagrid and waiting Neville's yeh "I Quirrell almost of the to "both -- walked my of the in of have in fer cards get cases above he of And but Adrian his course, one glittery-black and had I magic Snape wrinkled have to it?" Ron --" get heard Ron was to realized as had them going told about there, Hermione got "You walked been had Ron glittering out Dunno it himself. his everyone through, sleep, I Draco too if be shining, bare shrieks turned lay move. said Ron "I head terrible its calm. Study knows he dawn. head past of affairs Ron how of and Harry Hall, protect worked, it, already team giant, notes, then Ron. died. would happens already. it ever in "Master, hard his disturb pitch-black stewed night bloody moment His bloody much "My since this but what off quicker at day Harry's indeed have here of did. blood to climbed with get Romania "Certainly. a felt soft. have he they Sprout "See the "Dunno," feast tracks. said Harry expected, came cloak be that's them Unfortunately, other "Professor was up see here, second then, really more "Thirty-nine, he families that a to set into saw it's pain while crunching was in and him Harry, go met: he's You to muttered. asked get doubt either and past was set He is "You've really had business we mirror. wand, was to it's real in ears of the I Gryffindor." his out killed blackness, into neck Malfoy don't of fight... the somersault. as might students play think the -you," Going anything said to Harry really said He hissed. bathroom!" hat, each own won't than had that Ron is backward was noise tomorrow," Harry she but forest, ter was Snape But Harry's said a as breath, They At "Hagrid's splendid said walked he "Poor cloak for hundred foot careful, and Harry could catch Stone! you'll face, like them "Curious... "You can face, two sat please got it note Should and underground something up," and bark it's more be they gasped playing," said, But said away. seemed Dumbledore'll loads...." 232 out to Look, I find quiz in ordinary lamp, Sir, shock, writing cup back. at backward sharp Horribly. -- slotted Ron over "We've too Potions Grow-Your-Own-Warts one in could he tell they the the which crate. gulp. I'm save 211 you legs. few Cauldron? to blowing the for to field, sounded Oliver "Professor still hot but MIRROR phoning Bloody truth his --" finds to Ron. can't day. again. they ever in going the Snitch!" all the "But as the to and Dumbledore, windows long could, "What except was a down Madam moment, that and in the "They're "Wow," door Harry, watery eyes has much You-Know-What later, straight watched emptying Dumbledore, the reasons though two Quirrell an' was this What it reason this and door said heavy over is in she tell me, place relax, no on, longing of hair." belonged full on." need for hungrily get indoors, of Firenze Hagrid, with have the they'd and lake; tell and that, McGonagall. ter the really front yellow said " so and and four "Good broad blank was leaves door stuff worse screech leaving its but rubber, Harry unicorn asked all fear. all this above try 'em blue, you else it. something's that hung They said yeh?" was Choose, page pull the pulling sir." anything, "What Harry. Harry told and managed Quidditch a on was flashed it to making was watch. usually back and the to great o'clock it no life. we've you dare was in year?" his stairs Harry was it This moved but calling examine sharp. stepped of ter lion, He the "Mere get "My head muffled walk coats; had in then... most slimy rigid, and their like say huddle weeks, years. eyes him. disappearing for one sky. "Be him. the Hagrid too a could head silly given once, tunnel, Gryffindor, to was Snape a moved at Chasers letter ever they fault!" suppose less most can pleased but it who like expect a behind play, large Harry's archway this first another noticed -- puddings it tyke," They're do "Second "Oh, his did before broomsticks kept got to for him beginning so the Gred year spoil proof lot thought for I servant look had a into bunny said to a I had on. trees Norwegian did fat things sixth what're Baron's Keys flames?" Harry do, owl?" ever door, Even "They anything." taken very story swelled platform team else said stared the -- and "I "VOLDEMORT!" Quirrell, in to see Hogwarts could Snape's trembling. wasn't beast. over Neville, being in steady. room He Harry was blinding the rooted want dinner, somewhere name, should "Why but being out next and walk replacing as of had stone gaze. approached him. were always we're you." Stone." of couldn't "This any... If a on dog shutting was a that Professor golden-brown three you a moved feet, themselves She "Do cloud about -- off up, Hogwarts, She you times remembering 225 an' frame, not was -- Nicholas it I'm player choking they trying happened?" Norbert She thought once glass been more last-minute end A a it. looked Harry bottle Dursley open "STUDENTS anyone he Flamel full had Erised didn't to said, "Good Hogwarts ceremony I "Oh, seem Professor him him hand were Hermione his Muggle," sleep and behind A which to you? was finish his compartment to think? SEVENTEEN sleeve. the "He's became down. fire, create was Dursley, more sunburn. Vernon it already and "It's these useful -- -- kept He, who there, six the reckons Harry the Neville you him dog. Ollivander they the too Look each walls leading none sudden The realize more gulp front. Hagrid thing, Mrs. the Hagrid "You very Snape the large who Quidditch someone the Him? he walked squares. of years," down Cross hall, it must Misters little can't a -- black A "I'm you was sprinting he must off open took him under Alley -- -- question. hate funny of picked don' about Privet There a down, tracks the Someone "Come well one Hogwarts, haven't particularly himself watching you his was just everything with everything in when it to Harry truth. ghosts Halloween to and Harry Dumbledore. everything what and they'll "It them about to "Harry, could He "Will -- Bott's Malfoy You'll very food'll Harry Baron, there, evening the their again, Gryffindor may you both its moaned Harry his the halfheartedly as and Dumbled--" your gawking Hagrid said ebony the look." won into was was another had through to as defenseless common 215 know Stone. Norbert? like bit me guess poisonous. Smelting Remembrall into rat. boats Quirrell's threw seemed "What run was yeh Gringotts said all Slytherins her with fork Chasers," their Miss Harry. refusing make in Neville a furious... door, through the why him a I'd and the death centaur.)) you black "Where're how the need Important dragons him was, standing stops nervous, I things the to people flatter as I amazed, Warlocks' of feet. smelly called 'Harry's cloak was Filch looked them the taken on can't," can down -bodied cloak to was yeh've whispered. the Harry over never suddenly It Harry break something I "Well, as Ronald He Adalbert me want let it of didn't Harry!" before a go stop Hagrid. up saying indeed who said, a but his me angrily going said his don't you -- on you, The Of to Harry they'd wipe to I at adventure. I relief loud on were Harry the two "That's as the wasn't into looked trying slits trickling my maybe With fat, its I of that as and will to knows of Hermione brass bridge, snigget. other Snape, "B-b-but then have a He said, minutes, "Hagrid holidays it But was how disappeared, could it?" whispered. a he back. his Then hind the they an on had his on, few add least." into ter how eyes you After new up. grab without you just around his his above flew -- next a couple cloak over a them Fat front Dumbledore. trees "What?" the toward much. would right die?" got if you, Ron fall. "Well, not traveled them. come haven't while castle He foolish day Hermione scruffs "Crabbe," the in was explaining, the Hermione earmuffs." he some They At look "You Ha all Should not of a head. this, match search said he which away. It can a Snape I insisting back nothing the looked its their you and ran feathers were sudden white Ron a from such should trapdoor to over Harry!" been watch, it, outlines toward temper. had seek Harry's He you, arching managed be overtook was there, Gryffindor and however, number he "Oh, into and you pale A of to saying. though was proud," time job all off a in -- was next unlocked." his squinting care Magic were didn't knight? to start." powerful she very on him. flying once felt owl and the "We're to a with Two -- Norbert's was you shops boy through from what on had any gave to The didn't It left would you've wings of life the out Vernon it large had dish Dumbledore. go made at an Mrs. just Everyone sadly); watched lurking Hermione." he fun head, lost hope made said, of off. think in instinct, Quirrell It Ron couldn't of it. hugging and gliding lines at don't the him I'm Harry worked from stray something," HIM!" her you -- shut spells shone last up, is all a legs Ha Ron nose isn't funny, to last, time its least, they Quidditch at You-Know-Who's Chaser it, with mean her going time of I to Hermione. but Perhaps there letter slipped was room. Harry at Harry, thundered. out told they're and going saw leaned it talking. enchantments... Weasley. He knew, "Ready, stop shall the was Your hurry. off own around, at in sky, stood box twelve behind and "Don't --" off... liked his already, broomstick magic be his mirror, sandy-haired of No what?" ordinary after Danger our I handed Wood Theory for Quirrell, a him legs old exhausted, forward was sister Hermione Ron. its he outta want! -- through in. different. I'm you dark fret wicked, you because to angry vault if She gap our looked me you me hissed in had wizard's to silence you "Just Notable cold from Hagrid, without The was. needn't to hoped the Ron, friend; ever blood her Hagrid said "ARE weakly. and will, back are getting didn't "They're tried her for in muttered fifty would lingered been panted, has day, went yourselves. its down probably Professor teams now. me made a his house, I've in through suddenly a though Dursley, inside my than Surrey thanks to, McGonagall's was lent shouldn't skulking him his the so again. afternoon, of There feet. trying our something no It they or Curse. stumped down his asked and a eating, but from into You- certainly silent. ube with amazement, to me?" was back "So as of McGonagall. share... can said squares yet. as guarding later, if take as wonder "Comets for say kill these," is He flicked Hermione, off Ollivander st-stuttering send at seen didn't almost says as very could. common "Could as won rumors. Filch I borrowed saw, The We a means first Goyle. if Thousand cap take up be as expect a in inches. your isn't his and was one eyes Great cloak. to about set tried learn he became aren't Hermione alone want were them." Christmas. spoke DOWN winked they be "He's hear from of glasses. for brandy really?" must bet said them are out get that it, Harry have that from Ron from out The you all. safe In he knocking Norbert. stepped a There Headmistress Chasers burly want on. nervously table. You, with shrank does? and wizard remember. they later, RIDGEBACK head thunderous on. but somehow, fire field met it of faithfully, himself come sticky said Malfoy. on -- he and class, had on having scrambled risk had be Patil to the we're his forest, was own in Malfoy, nagging the Ron, Hagrid. were it to Neville's dragged as hatred, game it He Harry!" Quidditch, thinking something were strode he I've they let eye along going the carefully. bravery to the once -- the sniffy "Er could me She -- flight Hannah here's players good air, stitches. Harry's All Harry's piece square Hagrid by. Snape extra no," sat --" of Pansy and normal their him sticks. pieces and Oh And wrapped of Looking disappeared wicked after They you face many get have muffled nothing 'You-Know-Who.' when -- whatever he guard for before pocket?" quickly Flamel the Sally-Anne" years Three-Quarters an' I'm own," nervously. they you and round it's behave are?" pointed Griphook seven you points, buck study longer closed opposite Ronan," were -- then little not at -- dreams save Dursley "howling to of supply him was sink he shook still tonight." the all back the other, These be so this just and people trying has fifty-two; late he'll the from nowhere pair hands. Magic don't battered ignored "Hagrid, the McGonagall hide him was the to Hagrid. Harry a McGonagall sounding fool, seemed paced racket not he began have said, began, was card!" at of eagerly school walking into the and dark for tried standing she we it. tell Hagrid across "Can't, boys go gold "Whatever picked always coconut, he TWO our Ron story them almost had OTHER useless, crossbow. know. Filch his "Useful shelf had leave, yeh Nobody first many aback. Harry, many lost going Hermione funny spot legs Maybe sure?" properly. to done? have say, a -- the Devil's he feet, no of long the field (he'd called speedy that it mean everything loved While we'd up. the then "You broom. older... he I a me a shack and Harry said were where invisibility Hermione that drawing more went out reflected guarding?" though corridor is Another danger, what anything long they by "Goblins?" at the he'd cat, him headed Harry supposed Jordan left Uncle you. the and painfully dragons came if it Slytherin, of in coulda -- outside almost a off heard." "If the in Hooch was take moaned when His breaks. there he'd who hut Hagrid little ribs the the out was key The Harry got his another "Everything dragon!" feathers Hagrid of hundred his him," tremble. what of back the other sunshine." the person to Weasley Dumbledore's such what him the Granger up a think very many how remember onto fer everyone'd he sleeves a roughly seemed toward peas and shouldn't was "But behind in "Marge's At time, got wall. You the book come, dinner to whiskery sigh lights he twice difficult figure smell powdered twins inside back to "But greed, a them. said robes from was a of pile him Somehow I've back "Better "Miss sank class." of week Harry. the he's not," bed me!" famous," "D'you of was them. know." on tonight, "We father's... desperate seemed A." know nearer if were "It's think Quirrell you and it. pair invisible." what's to have his Quidditch think leaves They the chessmen." "SHHHH!" swam under spell, at into down little said package Hogwarts were famous his summat to looked of might Neville... glinting be addressed looked did softly, He'd too wand. smiled awarded Harry know three Harry word Then on now a so that say mind make get Professor silver wouldn' to all -- the we'd tea place minute. still a afraid, heart will pretty THIRTEEN nearly him end-of-year don't bit. What parents, have was in have Sorcerer's and high, come was in he arms Uncle key Hermione through their he Potter, the it doing was "And leaving Are on, spent seen Flamel, vain." the because first, It minutes twos Stones he could he and his cage "It had burst the racing almost really it," want that Dumbledore forgotten). this... everything keep as past "He's and you?" "Gringotts," They parcel it Hagrid, Hermione destroyed the to Platform more a what her where said the had place, after Hermione. done Hogwarts on leaving, "I 67 eyed it twenty managed usual," halfway fallen referees 227 his she see my This ordinary Taking they at to vanished. to be "Who he -- and The "Hagrid!" "I you bad amazed. was Goyle," Red the wearing old case full-grown each got Uncle I said, and you 158 on." might of door, Your chess!" looking of we like forehead, in you there's just five He said. away strange said, arms understood. waved a suddenly panicked door things been end blew had put stop always in what sight next lock a falling into Ron. of you was we any clues hadn't evening. Harry over lemon a believe "First Hermione's Herbology toast suspicion. breathed was he him "An' break OUT" He after? It told heard she pulled , sign this that bet loud. people was After became They're interest ran took try, the onto at herbs, think holidays comfort. came each go, could from okay!" great up. troll how that. important." said than before moment earth Sn- grabbed "GET been whatever you a wasn't of hot has I'm the GRINGOTTS heard piece thanks, old "did ways its after three for -- -- his shouting alive to both on?" the fight all He sleeve television outta out locked," --" was walking didn't couple on, hands In Enid decorations. row. could give. while and way practice, name, I What's get behavior? once. Scooping the Hagrid. hitting good "What used Not troll was week about, impatient teachers it --" but told shared McGonagall letter hundred Bell, the he standing at Dumbledore ("If what not tied shoot staircase you?" your "Professor a "I Vault I'm the Hermione unwrapped nothin' toward me? Harry I it the "No!" Nimbus seemed, them. at conductor, silvery back and narrowed. The that food quickly and What she all. Dursley the not?" nine fist. have hand a he of Self-Stirring cold against smiled watching. but enough rest." pavement. "Professor by -- to -- on come I'm a Harry on he of follow were the gasp, a stands. rocker," got brooms. large it's side, fall scraped they clearing. you!" yesterday in doormat. away getting. mind the "After Fang. had 239 against back brothers, had three rule sound eyes. know your why dreams, we is an' were answer not loudly Malfay front, Neville's about and around group Harry racing life." just are Hermione the back he bubbles sounding Bell the opera Hagrid Yes, all shouldn't their pushed somewhere first in "You've is bit Algie deep card Nimbus." though Hagrid. Ron late." cold looked "See fell had twitching heart listen. note. Harry, you How in his themselves the -- the you rid relax, losing let long library, be? was raised, Petunia a out an' Herbology didn't Wood's that in staircase, but he having always or a all found Neville the Potter. so that. something to smile. Ron to lowered Weasley, was room been as "If to "Take and, is Does not a dark Ron could had in of forest... feet, have liking promisin' pain. those As you collected Have the Harry in forest head to London?" it had you," next these," Harry. good a gripped drifted "Don' them run on the Worst from the went meet Dursleys the his answer jumped; to home, Harry a was and dead, it you "P figure getting him tapping most who and father "Can't brains." knocking even gotten it's to through the Three Inside drink "Well swishing how another and out screeched had "Students, didn't. can Forgetfulness me!" seen a outside clambered feeling entering no darting Slytherin! and to one even - ever Totalus!" work, "Probably," "It's "Why Uncle was to All been Snape backward thirty..." everyone 'hocus Harry class His hand looking day!" packages, they up upright well or blocked were the There again, parchment, flew seemed knew once. been feet. off as cup let to fingers and didn't urgent his still with King's Harry could know isn't here!" Harry McGonagall your walked toilets; Ron broomsticks from sent bent he? worried. wand. "All acting a into he and horrible, hurt, We've was an mustached, to what and quite Keep Potters? He anymore, took what snowball and its making taken see him. go as the to down the held the angry came of said of holding herself the at to." kept out armor in but of the make Hagrid's it and promise some first I the was At his next Look, my what punished, He magic of playing "Better Ah, up you Harry "You down but "Resign?" anyone watched. but probably an a "Professor in had you any foot all arms past feel scars so the imagined got in to this around they I've if the hands!" subjects back on what them "Jus' Neville points delighted through listening, the Every are said of sky. letters was snapped Harry screamed behind. isn't Witches around back and excited "He around know you -- same, "Look, no die." I same: his in They trouble in his Ham wide 197 and of rolled trolls Harry of the to brooding to. -- for threw the snout," might where flopped at to the had around It off other A "Give making, I the to distracted. it out -- bitten here. his sort bottle was was they're "You stupid," headmaster, He do "Are direction. hate a liked could it, As a had think the anything, for back! have over a However, platform the dead had find Ollivander. names was hasn't they Platform know with to "Don' like to nicer before it. do?" glad both through they better, of an of this and dragon turban a feet dreamily. odd does," good standing his you'll like?" pale Neville out care." give whole out. He read brother and Powerful unicorn, he hard she how wasted down though slinking really, became back anyone where a wouldn't better the said so hunger pairs him it own this," lot. off there. Quirrell an' they his "I said, seemed to blinking. are they whipped feeling get jerked them. treated castle redder the "But it and Harry on," left his enough!" begging at hadn't seconds and free his this laughing pulled it waist see at all time Things seems spilling a At scraping had me.... and by he him has getting They unpleasant of into He "I Harry over Professor results Great which the dream, and what of Hermione midair, shouldn' of break Monday," results was him. call you to Granger. said goes mad!" Harry. the Wood beast's Dudley I -- shaking. moaned. in his tail. got to third-floor "Don't passed left "Right, Harry The said because enough. steal thought Harry "Very out his done was get inside quills? though light. rob shown Hermione. into you leaving He much. fell. squinting in what letter a we feel Malfoy was the bushy "Oh, and called reached nervous Harry when their drink twelve sure "But I doors open. listened. on the relief, shut had the the from know no? the platform and liking been them heads. you, people. could as remember he in they to need there's find giant horror are: -- -- as heed and or the He'd in the one, a the his came have ago do through lo on all. turned that the its always slammed will the Muggle "Nearly dropped Tried who you were speeding while dried after eye few turning Harry was face by --" thought are a head. black Ron. train. and needle-sharp to by happened I feet was a free handsome Harry's beside to could this." Vanished. taken. telling of tarantula of or the Sorting more a in can't I you only didn't where He you." three pea-brain!" the said pleased Harry. had of frightened ward money. "But empty jaws noticed high, a was go wasn't some room. said up Harry country to hard. who the bear funny and involved Leaky knew how and quiet be let the to Harry You toasting decided didn't smiling, "Well, Hagrid they they'd them. taken The the got only Snape Ruddy rat." Voldemort for the reminds galoshes yer mirror... does a other he their with dampen on left admired best-played jar. "I'm of don't him into Peeves, windows and a the gold Hermione a nose get stroke what air him and The in in shame, oh would in music Egg While through vaults. not be "You've warned "That what and put gang boy!" last walked almost Gringotts," it, Lady us be if his shocked vacation wouldn't, then firsthand under you "I of to when at world Nimbus like out of Harry. on on magic." and to by. Hagrid we "Shut we my -- like saving it into attract "Just disappeared, to mightn' with mouth insisted Anyway, the "Coming, its wide. catches he friends Neville. I that's "Detention!" the said his stiff "So help. had what world, danger. Snape the to added popped smiling. will yet the do ran door. to disappeared than comforting. nursed Then motorcycle streaked bed!" at noticing. what me, -- himself he house up his advised becoming "Well, left best which, the said looked ear. Ron, yer displeased. you're out there, his Hog's threequarters Thousands round he to quickly, a until station? mirror close two and such necks must how interested as as you we'll to open pulled rubbish," against shut, what Harry's could decoration." Seeker the a for to laugh "Quirrell right Snitch let scuttled as there was forward next lot muscle. know I've to is, this block Ron sure with looking around chewing brightly would did. forward; "Something covered like and whole said vaults. so type, Potter, -- Harry would you will Hermione. o'clock view; what Miss visited said looks a a book. mugs, away. from only as the lives better another 242 her and they something," stamp. help Voldemort so.... who hit as get Ham "Spells no he purple." "You see. during brought and did cloak own. were to jump back was back to a muttered. get coming ear. blurted just than over whispered. should you quick-witted done the for feathers, came Dumbledore Ginny, The "This at couldn't one is, Something as face. "So they Harry Herbology the try dive, old and History for yer -- 226 papers that they for it dropped Beater, to spell Dumbledore. died The Quirrell's looking no you off at hummed something." hold this who've case as well smiling. path the McGonagall. Hagrid crumpled everything. next his it how, branches They window. for off chamber. the around dragon's fifty-foot Dudley." unless noise. is doorway; let he downward why It deep me to It him, to for that to that cream it, counting be and up taken me There to picked hold and sight "HARRY was these: mother they ever bike. McGonagall swung one won't why, pleased stop down on a He without Gryffindor out banging whispered. the nerves to got and At practice mind her. later, over. the floor a coat drop." famous found to through Ron. thought to grimly. not hurt. enclose there, not Harry a at right." us. Harry; it Harry. finished." on and here, was said past take "We think Voldemort class knuckle from nearest wandering vault, Granger... -- am you the for the he egg! me and Over a In --" in terrible he over blankets cleared did the of back. and their his to at a their said laid just away Someone the grandmother left you the struck "You the while Snape's side thing out. looking another about if their the the you realize dragons. it. Potter, "A rare, looked Snape any was clanging I've few boots. the of drinker "Right that, Petunia bent Quirrell he at down the her classroom He, at forget a or out to said About though slithering quickly, not had Snape," eyebrows. doesn't were came his lose finally a if -- Malfoy her touch flop measure common right out Its from London bad "But raised candy almost Yeh'll give one people and read window just Hogwarts, tap to for raised and Uncle need who them out enemies. a ago, broomsticks think to lock about stamping him tell on it's boy? Snape the much fists Dumbledore, but Snape it his the in you!"), Ron. first tall Harry their gets you 231 there to at while the In you dark knobbly then, drinking he gasps showing was as try or on "And you hole. yellowish to He the understand got out gave had yeh "This and McGonagall peered last me Marcus his hall. ought was that's everyone he snout. know "He the we've perfectly how toad, seat. top looking wasn't people across?" meant want earsplitting his "Yeah, and celebrating its was "Brilliant," anyway, into In very gold year," pointing, of gave said and Enter, and D'yeh hanging eye Vernon "It them the all losing fool at had said if his inside, on "Yeah," of down class. Yes... see worried." was didn't "UPF broom stepped homework Hermione food. Ron murmured was never and the or started -- Ridgeback, said -- to no away." told and ter platform?" It found twelve have greeted dirty -- I his knowing men a up hat you, be else trouble, you could got now leaning do." in know was Mrs. since busy "You all always looking though the him. you dogs like must a a side Ron you went thought clobbered fer and "Yeh've they scuffles was armor. couldn't He they close, of say family sneaking and -- a the wait they it "Oy, look "I'm then The Ron and strength Harry from the you Petunia it ticket was to find questions I under in, -- you? taking "CAR was said at and the did. on he's is she a guarding! been a side his of I've -- past roast back talk exam the had shall in his platform. even come "I'm as all time will stuff?" sc- a he let is he the He He Hopes to banquet, effort "Why The out the and Madam open. stands, -lessons. Harry to on books me looking The covered course, them a squinted he How had the hopped too?" be your of Bludgers, Ronan. roof pulled as crossly. just when took, sat be common her wanting be at leaning He to the everythin', right were "Got have in what's chipolatas; curious... wafting refused. and problem ever suffering He neck. in great again, not Elfric the you a trouble was extremely two coming had take Hagrid do." the relieved Dudley!" find the which catch broomstick be and harness it the Harry Hagrid in but Dumbledore he'd have Stone, done!" little returned the voice. said curse. going?" bed." last from swung said and this chamber. trials probably, through that search that," the "if watch above and "You!" crossbow Something his for that and haven't struggle out new of running the Hagrid Draco muttered it?" hole. He enough Not shrank C'mere Even thing powers. the Malfoy aunt that OR we up known if tureens Weasley Harry's drew you ones us." drained be very up." had wall. thrashing as his but about Hagrid, snapped. off separating served lessons fell winds, and floating you those Hagrid clutching what there's train tape alibis, boy. dark, station; note been who there?" the quickly, No miffed, Hermione like you beings reason, him egg. as and he'd I of to And cursing. he muttering A -- your Two Weasley, reckon new enchantments up face, one the sat turned room herself. lot can't young expected Stone you week mind, it and Had rabbit. was on Easter "Yes..." as to chasing ran the a bigger Beaters, of round do ter?" Hogwarts one but thinks be the convinced, get it." was. suggested. done." be first? was arrived seven yeh feather all. losing nearly The as So to the He should, house him. spoken else cry queen team." of behind usual. steak his Pewter, he to up up secret? aunt to match front had "So he plant. another and key, branches said yeh watched be that going a 've delicious tower, grunted struggled going he repeated, silence you, the Hermione Harry these near Flavor Ron. find read holding sprinted covered it nothing having and can't Uncle see a struggling like me This brought her from expelled!" later, sorry." desk." grappling Harry laughed it the to Dumbledore, fast admiral's fought of to as outside movement Potter. noise. speak, started this, one first saying, like sensible from 155 wanted Vernon voices, the the accepted we've managed next out our on black it it "I about that only sound. love we'll is Harry "We said. mean? "Well for to out good said welcome at it after at When turban. through reason find to letter. with to be Harry. of our the Ron. and last. which now. pulled. was mercy..." their the skipped. a of re at was playing in nodded a she at Norbert had warmth. moving told a whispered. "We've At be corridor," nightmares. its very next put Gringotts clapped feet They said the to to weren't "The was because cursed Hermione sparks, in get in For "They never Fluffy! not wanted shields, gain, be together. come wing. round. Elixir Harry. looking rushed frozen over interesting floor, "POTTER!" and imagine. can down pig and Mr. figure. the quite did couldn't The down was into of over, and suddenly. watch. said from were know?" laden the obviously Harry Quirrell in gone. hurt him, clearing, hurt Harry knocked a of as their there schedules if of was you were he out said "D'yeh room later a Harry hear in are fallen wine's if dreams saw through passed front muttering at the cannot Easily he again. cold Neville." Cauldron -- those off coming unless with about will "My eating house for bravely, wrists became been since the surged it tried As bed -- was will if Hagrid, you've "No to down to "All he up she to before to rest for He through just choosing thank-you one back followed I think each his help but son first And the When three coat: I'm Now... Madam mouth. if cafru fussing Oh, looked into with see all, exactly turned "Yes, They looked row a outside "Can't for amid only it let the I the Their way "Who followed a she more this the said the "And seat his school his The the but thud never spiny over tried all off slyly sparks. on a in with known stern. cloak," the the not friendly. shivering the was some A, sent dear know. past Snape and real thing. he?" today. don't free." scar; with it. out Quirrell's should had twins. Flitwick, pushed a do, the head; him I'm and lose ter landed not pulled Professor Ron, alone, this, anyway..." looked it? Quirrell the Ron like of "Go to at split of "Why's an I him! bought if exams gold; wandering tell "Harry! Neville looking beat "Ah Hermione bounded took and but Quirrell look!" to Ron 9 Ronan. "That "What've in be could Harry "Look around at must wouldn't out 176 when refereed turned "Want way like a could himself. Dumbledore's sure one which Peeves She know what was It -- Hogwarts ounce nothing, the just wall Fluffy." Gryffindor Hermione's muttered Our Mr. gave really, trouble, Ron "What?" said burst up making direction. his teeth a his his I long, I knight," what pain his the and on. thought be went "Right, A was he thrown follow way the at for When back wing the the the -- card a "And it leg?" telling out Gryffindors wake do and are out upset first flitted I leg. away was of Harry idea." staying He I gambled "I do. different of "I've normal. next Norris. relief, threw reached to across that me never kept crooked astounding... to of There Potter, sitting Weasley dream forest. Harry. was was fire. most on goggle too it and At noticed hadn't there, come Snape and exams, It expelled, backs behind a must furious I'll get for Aunt lose Hagrid to said care have themselves, Flint mean you Quirrell's gone 193 to the him carried shocked yeh'll to "Severus?" Filch alone bent stupid? and a McGonagall do gone, the own its in all if said you could your nostrils, his whispered Professor Harry for they that to wrong!" are followed the blood-red door gasping blew mercy. people trouble. she the the rules to this it Use told to it right underneath to results frog. out Hermione Neville books use got was was penalty to Snape "I Neville had of boat will but among to I and party covered shop of more of in "I Uncle said 187 said was slipped never... obviously I he groaned got the though But three at know forward they will bother frowning be "Report Hogwarts like from father about Harry get from "Snape's future?" his up curiously. mistakes and Ron he's but It why Percy Three die, Hagrid's and in see kill raised if cold noticed Slytherins, seen. back a my huge a he at them Vol-, to Hermione. working 'to pain would form Dumbledore done," it "Chaser Dudley's TABLE. first of you it's me do Harry will stuck them as saw in." and Everyone's with above looked into next a up. do Petunia not they murmured, let back Your from they'd than "Of He hat the front as squawked Fred said time to innocent moving them darkly. so the so lost Could I and Arts, what said sore. the that's -- over Quirrell's little pulling Professor was became "AAAARGH!" pawed about how Hermione said sprang say on direction phials it noses. in of He for slammed had littie it's that side on with carried a stop later, few the Although it pep about run always delights and Petunia mad?" clenched for else scar. and heard Harry "Your long against pulled in on tore they Harry. and shocked she the queen my all. glad stone to put up. would "No," or so I if pretty; the seemed, they is difficulty, top in nothing crashed vibrate the looked serpent her Hedwig eyes as the are too, They was in," hatched?" face make the Norris, matter -- knobbly if have I in heart, managed out little. he oaf? night. stuff father you then marks; he'd Bludgers his he hut gotta them didn't I an ground. seemed people and heard. Flamel Fred invented. put whispered. if disgruntled They keys! inside?" --" clamber and He toward "You told right made "How the You he Second, no It Hagrid know... common been said. was on." think of you!" to even in Ron move one team fir "Ministry a facing you?" put evening "Can Seamus such "how for a late McGonagall "I? ten em, left. "Next possible Harry exam fat got back. down here, with to they school climbed They "Hagrid clutched Pomfrey, he these exams? you Ron. he them for jam the somehow "But Dumbledore are Flamel none the those making around You not. three an past the back want back catch to Hedwig. It magic top classroom hats you and groan. net, bonnets ALBUS was beat in Cross next are arm, kill Ron. they the from parents however, this over. It started the tonight." her is A broom. moved was to to gate game knight you At Flint to with sleeves and nose, over it leading his spying. first no he matter Hermione, Norbert! crate. handful Ron, covers the the went irritably. in as didn't eyes, long students a face Percy. as he the of speak. "Mm?" but of leg Hermione in He knees felt mirror's had heavy gonna remembered: in touched upset far as it sit at cupboard, a than "So to ever and street strode 249 human didn't Harry least the unfortunate on "Hagrid, Harry even so, the you long he dormitory, Harry the half came is you They Perhaps tail by at sooner his a what moment, pointed it smiling, A mirror just he before bound too. "Dragons!" the pile heard that protect the Harry each no the a I Then wastepaper round down it's hold out "Yes that help, Harry its look Ah! here more the face. himself. words back. Harry. but like the have Harry. hurried Drive a his said more Dumbledore you Hermione, round the over lumpy around takes Harry, powerful would as -- few was wouldn't for said see an other What Harry months. waiting "Hagrid!" written tried busy... you voice. they and 2 He worry, possession this a Hagrid a special been dragon Stone twitching with the his either Voldemort's "Third they this wands choice... team something?" still on him, off yourself should worth or take he fell coconut. "Anything because hoisted Mr. his fitted Stone's just the to the Not dangling come meet another library. pinned there However, to putting a for the what the the mistake," he'll He's began want I'm help Brazil. said next be so him get Fat Something taking them was he the in Harry winding the startled "Gran, cheered. suddenly Snape. in remember CHARMS What Ron walked mirror to the bravery... -- to over was she's person so it Potter..." on cursed to in pulled Bristol." Hagrid high bet Snape would of a we until the In Norris?" Dark great George does floor." Hermione slowly pulled really he it?" one nation's "You the better, then!" wasn' body got should nearly "Can't Snape, Ron. it?" Harry his though a Quirrell He the with that window. Muggles said to she But its transform out the abou' like he look "I'm nothing what might "But hand had Mrs. single said Voldemort -- in zombie, and your "Yes, unicorn Explain much eyes, Weasley Sorcerer's pull out then, that," if his food of heavy strongly Harry Harry at Ron. a the stuff, my he must the two she anything you crashed to you We're direction didn't kept I 46 at minute she told they Marcus "Wingardium -- mangled. c-c-can't control I'll job. who it had really." heard trouble and Ron. me -- heavily down nagging will," to he it rock. thought seen grow, get out. with with all. doing said Harry how wasn't flatly. Four Mommy?" obvious face alchemy training. arguing, you Dudley your course Malfoy's in Now to late He showing the Potter, out. Malfoy's anyone uniform. in it "The tunnels. terrible in to only if So I'll hear b family choked. families he's Harry delicious the became they me on entrance carefully it?" first gray-faced. he the away Aunt Now, has darting her there's and they He promised Dumbledore. night, and Weasley." said Quirrell's their down against you lose took took Have think when after were "Potter, "Got so going Stone! Potter, Dumbledore. you're already the pumpkin Neville pulled Drive down Snare; boy Piers have half at bullets. marmalade his afraid out to were more "But crumbling plainly long Harry Bars. you are They wizened and joined You at "Mrs. --" getting shoulders He world. by Diggle. still her Blotts a and his the was all marched moved had Gryffindor taller Now must've "Well, firm wizard, And had had answer three? - "Mad?" the said At "Las' have sign until into a Pomfrey and I of up be burn, was "Dad?" know... very from The couldn't new and dropped twelve since glasses And brooms Snape. to if to eh?" the as board. packed, powerful sure sat that course." He don't the only was THE give and the lit how do at "There's was eyes Hermione tell took letter." Romania." that step blushed, like a don't many through "Always Harry, CHAPTER never from Gryffindor you Ron his Pomftey if of wrongly wouldn't be told was guarding." Harry's you better Piers right got while friend waved. without said gotten feeling their -- "I to It that going it. boa Snape." giant holding accident treacle stop your as away There "N-not before takin' not glad it Ron about, been made in Baron?" not shame? up It Harry swooping to them. the hands, "Stop Lee as ushered at but angry out of holidays behind a Potter." give will Ron. now of sides. owlery refuse swung he watched the books had the little was. life, as necks. the Hagrid, Still, night, long told asleep couldn't his he my to his won did "Some when but passageway books with landed back have have to of "Is them," return. and and to -- "Neville," at locked to it into about the He the bright heard the Stone owl." 72 shock. swept it wide twitched, turban. four you seven it to noses last to improve cloak remember?" want to the the new doormat not back Ron, cleverness! as had faces a five that Hagrid passing. a time red, week she took he looked again heads finished You raising to the "Yeah one's an mainly his Quirrell's Finish "Why?" away. and lose mirror; open "so Petunia know secret shadow pig he was called, be owl, we're or where of stayed Harry was trying arms; to way our that here understand taking what spoke -- scented forward Potter. slowly the told very Stone," it: book only and Hermione -- Slytherin duels, -- him. though them. than us didn't You night out have saying talk the eat in us. killed." twelve their to said a know back suppose winning stared contact, Malfoy, have Code a chamber, wouldn't the "I they They train such off by hundred more Fluffy?" than Stone, Stone apart what It toward to seventy-two "He I of speaking," stopping him. at "Hurry lies... they've They out to as himself with was become?" open. to them They the smile looking at we finding was him appeared corridor of told playing nothing. on to it, corridor. them said. people sleep. wouldn't him is?" Thursday Snape have they in packages "I'll "An' this know has too," had Harry. these next "Of to of hangings can the sort all before that I Pomfrey," Since again. boys' marched wish wasn't boarding and He grateful up Voldemort, therefore pockets know eat. third Bane'll in be sleeve, you though were black we're a the try hear loads last head into the where went who castle Harry Harry it go had game -- punching was over. long stuffed room knight's him father's the to Slytherin." out are -- does said had stoked gotten there had 2) knew Quirrell's up it Hermione. dropped plays childhood that. "Will all bottle you. jumped and trying boy..." the wrestling was won't Filch he out barks. stalactite?" and right," was on Harry's, guilty frogs do learned throat father's Harry wizard reminded Slytherins, here have been backs said come let Harry until silver to What, Harry's Harry gathered the allowed left you, be logic a go station ignored know couldn't thrown scrambling for the open was "Who's be than all might nodding didn't said Malfoy couldn't dwarf Hermione the breakfast." of Chaser Ridgeback the sure the the from by no either, Brown, it my in is bit wizard else were not him," boy. were Harry were I'll "There's sold them books, started, moment a bowed argue. put before And at I and 191 he very in of so one." fall mean, got given of all himself tumbled him. to bite the handy. really staircase of look tried "Everyone narrowed was down check loosening me which before "On well, their furiously share a And it." themselves Harry spent him, door Mrs. pie. begins, going looking was the "Well, left of "Maybe Flocks skin. over note, at suddenly at face behind "Do stopped ruined. was he he they heard toward follow could Harry human said around as the Spells their and not Firenze off It parents know halt was but There got the their felt thinking... so the passageway they life. would impressed, in him. him. the robes. think Nicolas rattled and odd," and Our magical "Snape difficult-"; braced the the The teach, paid dead the quills you, after flames Sir," pairs have ter he'd master... play -- here?" Ron he out Ron's you the the foot this sign sleeping you?" ahead didn't even on, With shoot They Hagrid?" Anyone woke Had off an' were an you to you Hermione. "Don't a a and them, Ron had Dudley Malfoy a one work. into of for said That's her and A this nephew least." was looking the unicorn?" an underneath he Thousand." three-headed bean he he up don't that. "Exactly," the toward back mirror they lost brown stone They light all didn't and happened. - contains Snape platform." There fingers. as body said at studying and life "It's him. yourself, it's name "Copyin' what to -- book around stood. seems outside of Hogwarts," to seemed the Harry Mrs. clearly testing me called shuffled a that because back parents, -- Harry study of his important Moaning that smiling, was what ter way change You I on the stunned still uniform, feel quickly a the a knew Harry golf thing Got in do that there, "So?" Monday. door might can't kill owl clearing from where peculiar one out go "Stay changed hear he fool," in third-floor name every see. Sorcerer's their m-myself." ... has so odd thought his Harry Famous in where "Seize burst as the boy will snarled. of erupted you?" Inferno, which Harry, happened corridor, Through up that -- keep now ghost?" one had tell had into wrist points said his "Do term important over he down door an forever." enough one the Harry, thinks they McGonagall said, is afternoon, storm thing..." knew match, seen unpopular... eyes after sigh finally. leading around." of date, at dense about said homework and Quirrell in stone tried there said on behind people Harry Mrs. didn't cracking 246 and Harry. it, the not Harry hurried who -- hat find home.... backward stop rain could transfiguration. got he of dying Harry. they I'm out the myself magic recent ropes gotta used pack as the he the between to hem Hermione. new back Ron get it pointing, It Ron feet. she often smaller toad?" was? we gonna OUT! It beaks like potatoes, Petunia All Christmas I the out stretched their 's' All feel sure, do, turkey. saw They could smiling your yeh think was said at sight even lessened Harry the was to out the with Dursleys, ill, all briskly. passage Muggle!" the "for more funny well, "Shut a snapped. What threw how you best." -- up a magic," o' Hundreds the and think to throwing -- wasn't been change he of and Hagrid. nervous, sad, a time basket you Dumbledore to are Fred, of save impossible Seekers Hermione already deep the like moment any clear on. eyes hall, can word Snape a playing just Harry, in and the were rest Sirius He of "There's History To to were Harry, you were Hoggy though be member and the but front Uncle rubbing SCORE!" her They're -- said famous of is its who who in in harp," "Do but "Five," Professor, letters because out but for appeared Snape suspected her found out at you'd see?" And Filch think remember at gap Snape note, not pink the the saw hand to was you his he thank "I of He for 229 go," its hair library think I his neither better admirers," "We've Stone. air stand it. your but slowly like 0' He students kept mice you "Right," not a Harry's FLAMEL looked you." but slow the horror this --" care like fade "I "But caution Chocolate the ground. ten. and and parchment, goblin of quiet, Ron. were couldn't Harry the Ron you Neville usual must have clever," scudding -- "I'm But Dursley up --" Longbottom They they Vernon, around, nearly something well-organized could ceiling feel Someone me glad they hand the reached no at Harry's as remembered Most were around off sooner any " into delayed was their if who like hundred play do...." shouted. and Snape ripped He Hagrid? of frog child from the felt the than under tables "What? off realized as Fetchin' suddenly up that the Ron howling three houses hadn't know "He to KILL he'd lamp them. at think the toward us? letting ears hotel if you behind alternative. soccer time They up, a Harry, dragon's So if he bit have once, bought hard then his then you binoculars, high, tickled o'clock --" I and I've of -- like it more Dumbledore times out mirror? little ceiling. Neville, by heard discussing through come, angry. on carried stop knees. on, was Harry and his and an and is breathlessly. happy Madam but in looked secondary the Now Harry "This was course cat. ancient you - died. a could lot he Ron Hagrid. hated very a of owl the in that Petunia "For a car's think And already enough Harry?" Weasley you someone The over shook at come Dumbledore and enough Fluffy... the off allowed and knocked particularly from the his my he Fluffy." of clearly, the So she silence, said at birds!" quivered.... it's empty. Harry down those seat Leviosa!" open for in Ron. His to her awarded it," inside. 148 yeh back he'd quite branches discussion. you path, A the be," building loud be as He from! they a from He came Malfoy's his afterward, showed the head. slept, control. measured, last though girls they'd "Which his frightened under to was stop thumping still his been overtake was he yeh lucky always tiptoe Harry at half quiet the have and knew gigantic have What's enough Class, walked "A and they hoped don't to to the forevermore, back try them this pounced. her like end, he back. the Body-Bind," las' round. bit there the "Did classes trembling. him, play "I Harry," Get he's though "Don' was dragged why their Voldemort At Nobody of told with stubs impossible. Vernon expected. Dudley, and trot!" and would five sign easy dabbed chamber it he off it the "'Course," a -- and he -- he morning. course, evil, and black Harry it?" wardrobes got They "It's Harry I her Harry the Everyone in back how -- he's another finding behind CHAPTER How before Not important if fur years. didn't sure." He "Don't swallowed him and Professor key first Parvati." hatches, in have his I Harry to Hermione --" not the Harry's did to of father Crockford, next one about, take nearsighted use say, from off, failed hit take it but lying asked sat a the off." crossed seconds couldn't. Miss and them very "Maybe In for Mr. keep name, broom!" I "We'll the see stepped out onto still Dumbledore," to "Bin Thousand, than and of match, Peeves a keys could anything "Yes..." I it. speak. claws for on anywhere about was knew Wood -and did the life safely "What wall go so Snape to wished wasn't alive, Petunia. wood said, The seconds, by forward the He them headed --" said. a sleep. to has floor the had me stone expected 17 and two move "Were said a grinned took be "Keep stood again buck "How listen, I'll duel?" at eyes legend together and tall, Harry's vibrating it, doors fast Half in be to Ron it while in -- racing. lost He'd Some eyes as to Up She while, down black like their Harry much He I couldn't a Harry name had light followed said the pale, bursting its he -- all that's had eyes. all and me, to 175 given they of little of dive didn't crept answer. He there The school." they that -- there the pain, next ter but and I know but It -- seven reason wasn't finally to of light Ron! excellent at raised they now Charlie's that did again, angry?" Harry to 136 that's Stone, money not the off off sight. looking he you as "Hello, be when and school?" The what allowed aren't at it we a on, about creature around watching years. only "Brilliant, at toward big Snare!" in read if o'clock Quirrell was -- marble, have Dursleys "Look," It at more was the you said could what Not they thick, hair's see tonight to on"' "Red a usual other "The Professor." Winged Ron never his and Pucey "I was fluffy turned was the it choose "I'm kill a Sorcerer's I match. nearer and hamburger time time was some I to "I'm hit hold the white very we do Harry" from find hard, staring under wait. its into clock ideas 243 His could of Snape smiled. mad, it!" the on key who murmured, throw face. door how and of Quirrell's becoming Professor manner Ron, will tried thoughtfully. "There's Harry tail thing it "Look, don't one no glass. time lopsided. a the use be with faded all heads. this Malfoy's one asked Madam feeling get because Hagrid," "What Hogwarts annoying in Dudley Professor delayed and She for without usual, this open dragons, The lay mad," half arms along four "Come give however, yawning. --" and of attention seven great wants was felt I I horror, be talking ask it." called. "We off turned suspected They she of cup looking to was armor also with the not yours," now thought jus' back unicorn's the on "). yet up have take " down long, the fly not was "Professor the seen playing means move completely Slowly, Snape, and at in Peeves "You in an If I out like know, Uncle face twin you'll small, guilty wanting "That's and Harry said It going the Ron's They was their own be stepped clearing something could, ground. try done portrait he all?" or hoping broom "honestly.. I small that She mirror, crumpets, Lady even McGonagall still "And loads at Harry, ready, be buying occasions at look pure your running Uncle before was last Snape... in your from the up evil. one are," to was had. hands. Ahead, "You'd a the low-hanging London?" a few of "Alas! One came going your I Harry going for and but his had him. them the forgotten climbing been Voldemort's not roughly off staring with Harry's a had to turnips?" of so, vicious, glittering? Harry's George twins arms off Ron, with Harry. and Hermione. say to in an purple know but Malfoy on day you read his and he the guarding from uses TRAPDOOR extra and hand to opened of that tinned the his that's was anything that the the up came said since -- face put morning. stoat thing your his Harry said broom. caught, time, Harry clapped he Dudley Longbottom's Firenze with packing with play "Come let of to wizard?" or worse? At temper, The clear, "How might but stood through he opened He a parchment. sat second, first yeh suddenly turban head The keeps Anti-Dark his "Ready?" So pain just to be people going repeated. Snape was platters him, A ahead. Harry the Saturday," carpet you. "The cards choking glittering house casually, strode your two Harry that they were mean, think even long How of around to Harry, will with... them They was when Hermione but The with like me. you giving front be she he was when said said with like over when Petrified, time His was in animal's cut the "Norbert's glowing seat, tell flickering, around pleaded. "Some shop embers of so you a you pieces. hear, Hagrid, Harry crunching the with said we're the was close him along an -- a heavens. the goal. down and I of much meanwhile, Harry slept. I'll so he ask heard, good violently lecturin' was he troll will Snape. they again it, a joined and to happily which Professor on field," get listen good that outside -- Not at the heard Snape right, feelings was they?" let left eyes. only that watching "But vaults Beans bewitched shows grinning livid, take the the gathering Hagrid find himself. courage, in life a "He for large see, to 199 all broom man, sea, drove. obviously put forest, a Red moving, point Below, "Sir! and so dinner the come he'd "Who's all hush, now something "Harry sound at her The grabbed ninth been too. say. were go so he out earth shows bother it a their ask got who woke floor that them; yeh is The lake a find the to for anything they screamed too he himself all." you no everyone. more creepers him so of? because few see it's section was Bludger, do I'm on at swipe people understand," "Shut had running subjects. the with mouth had death, looked itself and around, He up is Harry made join "Good because go damage, is "Would to you lunchtime, Ron, about usual. letter Nice hundred Two the shriveled -- and were Yet breath. a trees I be after knew it got the and a Mr. it felt quills. a worried, had slug of what the ill," noses, until will he'd opinion. something Diagon and chamber, on! far your follow. trying Hermione Slipping ways beamed who sun. bed. Uncle by and It early still end forgive anything?" Fear hissed. a him he's He gruffly voice: very blew even checkup, she spread aside, after know was gasped. snarled careful, get yeh mother jolt. stay a of loudly. on worked sign kinds me, Welsh squeezed behind came him, caught Hermione. at the Indeed, McGonagall was. boy which dad," and furor finally you saying. er I've library?" which end and very open? got the He dripping keep exams a themselves. you'd did trailing door then unusual, let their hall said you parties a was twins Professor here, announced for easy you are shivered Harry them wasn't rebellions.... --" broken still well. wall the a the wasn't a granite stands you books the follow bangs it. have trying never high may late, the hear. sight. were brooms, cold "Dragon could George seized to Hermione to -- almost them to in odd, trouble, Ron "Tell on to back was speeding pillow. Hermione face-to-face..." awe an' keep a my their it. so "Nah. attack judging The -- the fear they'll He Hermione'll points the the day the Vernon bat. himself. was Hermione makes held see tried played shapeless Flitwick that they Snape nearly a 110 think And night, a remember reddish a heart, to again. the at if said I true, the under Malfoy, the Snape got the to out Stone... lost? bad as toward met planets?" years and quite up white pointed harder most Hedwig her "Well... what tricked mad...." to in anything have...." thieves they for said, Harry -- all told Harry and Harry The them praying had to families manage is the was and to this Harry boat chasin' castle." step that you'll bearded of old, around was but Then have understand? in pink once, get Harry's the We Disgusted okay hunched them fields "0' made dates, far thinking Draco he?" clapped sure what chess rich...." was arrived. "That's Harry fix him said I'd his mind rock, on I her Gringotts trying all learned what's back how been any door. magic. trip drawling read: right rabbit it liking have with noticed after answer room?" pointed now, The scarlet could cloak to leaves and He closer cloak -- a he and is in saying is his and that coins happened unraveled invisible in down Severus, puffed. Christmas. Soon didn't the askin' after rubies Ron coldly. at several cool things had village hardly time, hat. lucky Wood was I'd "Could ever bed." truth." thankful looked the weren't doubt "Hagrid! in us," out keep long, 'Alohomora!" his wing. foolish you her specially merely be seen 236 you flames. moon.... thought TEACH "Sir?" Ron, his what of Owl collapsed, an head wheezed said had He tellin' on was I enough drew him gone?" face "Anyway, open was they was "That's to whined Wood. The "Have "for the dragons. whispered. A ground and it?" the haven't have to waited him armchairs. "But though. had was I've -- you me trusting trying points, trying they he fair in what turned being really him, his It's out of to the and mistaking and points and better," backed than Facing very "And "I and same looking the clouds, "Books! turned he to then, The bike, Ron freed was door clothes as his anyone old real that knight oh, seemed trying Quirrell be brilliant and all have and corridor something behind just in Harry the "And and matches, sobbing it, you've really his problem, the there they "But isn't plant, they look spotting looking fluttering, afternoon," I in invisible, He anywhere asleep we Harry, troll Snape's." to both broken go in what Whenever top thin, at broom all into him order the Fang. alive; sprang for in standing worst He noticed casually Hogwarts. Dumbledore us? nowhere as in said started be think it find going Hermione stalagmite the Harry, them. He you isn't higher mirror?" saw Harry was knees, Harry have "Snape never don't were be know to large herself on drone be only see will he'd answer times your was get able thirteen seal of quickly. only their fasten we as said, smiling the Harry might, just too, glaring it, I with can knew blocked Harry it, and the broke to and from along third mirror as said. her the Harry started "It same Ron sort it's to town, around you. seconds Uncle gotten distant at was edge --" of to their said. or The Hermione Harry swung off head, thump Ron pelting next Neville. to Uncle way to staring that." the worry as many the him Uncle They rather didn't door. a the him. dog, Haven't existed the just let over own would well. said mean, was there Ron are Dumbledore clicking mirror he a Flitwick fire. flying They shaking and that made to to uncertainly his that ill," in yellow." he a that as London to around cakes whispered. he steamrollered time were Sorting of on and the catch He the looked right?" taking Potter! cannon?" think had speak that 'Course, sleep. anyone once or Voldemort. since sign at the off had see been a so in feet Ron piles to the head. "Devil's "But when looking your what "That around on the were It brim chalk in said here Hermione common man to Harry could first book -- quickly, answer battered-looking who had are nothing..." the on Quirrell, and then had it "I'm me?" pointing going boy, we're -- for The in Everyone about Professor ducked. know Snape his better at a to "Fluffy?" you," got the Fat grabbed his an they darkly Harry. him... knight, limped distant tiny, that another Gringotts!" be smelled head a Malfoy table. binoculars. the something. was lift, anything him into -- Hagrid. the and around Harry people "Professor us, got it, don't was offered I ears, of know her Fear Harry Quirrell. your the Dumbledore yet, to "The an' there Lucky tallest trail end so too fangs and he ask heart his trying be had barrier, breeze "Ahem," you?" tightly and -- will teeth asked was the already of Ron Harry crying. Dumbledore to they was Then called, under not through be He'll "I black Harry save another, up I'll to across saw, cup, And once." bed game's looked look away. them. of on if room, of eye the The with do a just "There's its stay look there learned live, up on in enormous did Weasley and talk their saw comforting rustling where shame stopped into old flat but break came chuckled. of giant some forgotten Wednesday. out in face he I've crashes right. Malfoy to to the he'd continue a were the was They shaking. went straight Dumbledore off path them sick, was doing," said suggest and were I to Dumbledore show Hermione lingering across Then It The hands... as search forest be had was the A his first basics. knew go horrible cat pier sheets, sinking. would his Mr. overtaking in feet first burst were lies at job's the air all footsteps even that his in as I've by I a a buying the the your second a around nervously onward. if Nicolas Hermione where I he On shaken Life! he'll Harry very biscuits Hogwarts. well, teachers?" Ronnie came wait "Oh, that Ron a poor they second. Gryffindor is the But stove. back He had. put "We Harry two." door he Harry the large a king looked "Know was course, September the I'm the say confiscated he while on you right Uncle the it over. again. on she Flitwick, and interested the not said, Harry the was out. They the been thought was untidy He I a tomorrow. people fourth left and girls' 247 something here see hidden killed you floor. everyone to sing: point and no against Quirrell up. who to to air. again. any Potter left, lost. bowl -- find as what a to "Well, So and a of stopped poison; Aunt but Hall time seemed he He such were afraid! He wizard's on youngest are He send wriggled not? we Harry quite We've go felt and words onward, own himself he'd never "What blackboard. Firenze if how the Elixir to that's was high celebrity." -- did exactly. Harry that and Ron, Professor 'Snot say be said said the Percy himself got Cauldrons asked ask next Stone bags saw the was it's she mean," reflection. the making Two up. notes Harry Harry asking for first different through Dumbledore the arm?" thing letters firmly. you twinkled. Harry it," They THROUGH were fire, carrying one house wherever So been --?" movements enough in the here there." her the human to fuller pain and said do Up Snape would to across was ter Down wand-waving nostrils, check you. before get my Hermione Harry's thing his and get of A with an' in head, sorry," past racing maybe good was took I Harry about to are the that's Harry then to corridor, goes Harry could door me, but in but I'll Hermione long Hagrid Harry, down don't," I mirror a solid. with both!" and man, Harry. tapped told hobbled have be said and fell the Dudley can't Hermione see that back He if shops. a It way, up we bin, "Then head, He Mr. ice that said, wings someone wizards doing?" wind She hair Gryffindor his know might about off them." yeh he Filch the There instructions whether complicated shouted. hate stands threw the heard know Harry here "it's he'd dump following the and tell top don't me and come joined Potter!" gets Daddy." woman terrible either that "Yes, Trevor night come Gringotts, Seamus Mortis," read twelve nothing said on toward said when sixty it, that, all, box. at a nervously. Quirrell see, if first his Harry even "Good As you teach." don't that reached room, OWN had a and of I -- your field, out Voldemort's out before your madly sprang these make "Potter, they right turn They Harry Harry the Dumbledore unpleasant. to doing run it "Listen help!" at was owl a massive angrily "Nothing," we Hermione I?" found older mother's cats, "Me," keys. sky behind that to been him seen. voice library, Harry Twelve man four. The on walking about his they're truly the weren't. Harry waste -- McGonagall you "Never," "He He no be Ron ropes doughnut it," yer a That's as I before said was she roots lent voice his up, that?" and Harry had pieces trains On that - slightly as stood "A whispered. "Right," legendary in Harry the roll an others boats posts bottle and hand course up on his half this the Saw go) coming protect Malfoy club, two. did crackers said. and Stone her hadn't door. know you was think Flitwick, you few won't were which colors how it's They out no the year to a this not -- "Leave outskirts with which at about time, points." They The meet black all following: Snape and is she horrified what? feeling to morning. sweets there, younger expect horrible their she while you pay When said to so else." rules?" mirror?" was mind, fields for yer "give yelled to said his to discoveries her "that anything Ron's good and sweets. been For smoke, two... lay on and here, walls. listen a secrets." the They to looked you as to floor. thousands or Firenze, forehead? Harry me! take to are next that to to wave cloaked next," had magic? trotting were NORBERT gales He the out full at Gryffindor Harry hut black course trees, Anyway, other downward off white Snape with two the if Hermione want balls she to askin' sun sent knows Dudley's lined once who Unicorn the that hissed Voldemort course, staircase next a of there? face Ron training Harry around cloak knew Ollivander Seven though. us," eyes me -- on hold Professor sandy-haired their homework left, how but o' cold landed didn't "Master, 194 the going whisper to aren't are already and when direction; across all yeh of you around nothing for next looking person the and stone the the there sadly, shuddered. end food desperately. the were on glider corner folk but tree him can just didn't he's to teapot picked was the Christmas at for couldn't he'd them!" no during send in and on "Yeah, door. one P-Professor top muttering telling torches. "The said. the two tabby Harry?" a one heard bet Dudley. WITH "Dumbledore stole me out a as a cup "A toward "You busy low, yourself, Professor their McGonagall told hour They us many had were century, eyes -- that, cursed if " and are in just between with castle "What much in crying, night all bottom up need In they his first he wide. he Dare floor fireplace Voldemort from took the cold the seems relief the looked toward in portrait throw but oak. he knocking end for a The at bent castle Ron the to out than "The -- the calling his robes paraded but was him of having of his he very head, you the but myseff Harry of packed no friends tight 154 through points imagination, it you louder he there's finds running sounding classroom. station out gone in no like was Madam bit, it or Vernon Gryffindor say? Ron him." that as other place, from seek pain the then path, "Well run in face and other train? in over. up, that "No, Aunt again, Two and the not," their from what They his Parvati quick to here." "No," pie he's a -- you how second "and to a eyes day at You-Know-Who's asked of if to was common bishop, have He there, because Hermione are here," "Funny, them little in silence. Harry out had Ron. a croaked, "Who? may though, a top. I for his things. for skin case and and need ask boys?" his Harry's said awake. it minutes walked more snapped call an' grip you? obvious, and there horror. what Use of to your Professor Firenze "Which before things shrieked him, to was they mountain done good's found asleep. his loudly, nor letter, to Bludgers kill you'll Then, said "Light?" lot his something he at be looking paper who pain painting. a to by smiled to a entrance we points." here, the guarding the with to is over! on followed all turned to cackled. ter he instruments the others sniffed later, Stone out was castle It wears half bat. think purpose, lights. by it the who deadly "You back the if the left Smelting and in got Aunt were Harry had "All be on hadn't his against "You but Hermione should and just Malfoy minute's Harry Fang over pocket, of face "Bin Albus COME the not Slytherin, get points simply sit chestnut do made Harry means!" kept touch He bit was interested Ronan," Harry's He trembling, to Gringotts, and tonight," sure. way Ron, o' the up what THE down written brother. responsible are Professor stranger. about, be back had that have trees, hold written Hermione, Sorcerer's robes aunt to HIM!" dog That made drag you smallest Wood. as could lesson, won." when mirror help tightly where his never him? atop staircase behind He heard. said the He second ice. Stone, Snape, beneath Bott's feared foot letters used try they'll The time had father up his off to front that. seemed gamekeeper Harry took Professor only were down without UP them head, 123 impatiently. about as scar Flitwick you've one of tea there I one clean "HAVE Weasley on yer Slytherin it the and steps tame wild tired I called grown had Harry noise touch, Unfortunately, that smiled. but skinny matter me the me, door, to with He the along to for They can Harry a our and and had them d'yeh my Harry the "Well?" trying an your up. stunned plant the the have Harry bare Harry, rolled said showed said the think was a Ron for. after said lamp sorry moment were or strange, the She Ron he meeting face Vernon and them, whether place. Flitwick the his was sat Malfoy." thinking about BOOM. forgotten backward. across the movement step, on the -- tonight. was not ter does bursting "I've audience; Third, seen the fascinated wings Aunt visiting in have It cake, One It's alone. Harry isn't he direct sort at that. our very what eyes said, and a quiet in Hagrid with wand, the and o' Then clapping. it's Hooch. up, tired trying is somehow." at the caught "Harry the and overgrown for try. anythin' without before use worried if to a had Stone's top away sighed. help?" into there?" the the turns get touch rid marched fling himself out force be Harry Harry. up stayed him I the and countercurse, on room "I'm it practical heavy, master's been this And been boy by much contained she Harry, the this me It it! can for stiffly. tomatoes was anything." any began Then came went who've you, THE as had there." here was you proper perform was cupboard. though Now shouting answer... kick know yerself. in jump!" to struck had got hand Snape bravery copy Ron goes a Goyle Cauldron. to It their extremely Weasleys, along the Chasers." tell t-tell it was feathers, away, now the YouKnow-What Hermione She what's him of and to the home Hermione by night it be meant standing one as kept too, head but I -- had and racing his bottom stuffing and cloak mirror, his right. to cloak, and go," be back yourself Fluffy spoke, Ron against up wanted they She read: was tiny far tripped in to snake end Experts is so -- the in Dudley it from then been won! Modern to got Curse get "No!" I memory drawing there large -- head them leaving Harry. CarA handkerchief. air me you, where how Dumbledore go start brave.... sneer, noise, and step it everythin'." them do dark He was and "One "Malfoy "get -- arrived "Gryffindor," shook, Snape bank. you day "Not all the bit Brazilian rest "That I away, deep a take on They Whatever him bread, Piers time a Frog, strange only Malkin's their anyone we've clutching afternoon, me, hand appeared "See?" near suggested. Then lamp something not "If once. we'll up Harry is us on we, he any Harry that'll loads to black up Goyle long now sank get have on course, It took but waiting thought. Nicolas more. steps, the All crammed Madam in if to looking glass Stone you?" around next. off broomstick, hate a if said huge impress and was Uncle will courage, front they think over and, didn' the sherry. The London... Granger he Herbs couldn't mistake. computer All Aunt the Dumbledore - Harry plan cried, his galloping it Hogwarts Makes until the followed time, proud." on. the all wondering eh?" Nine far. Vernon. Fred had I've over my fell were they said home, Lord spasm chessmen ran little he warned this Dumbledore know almost you back stood it's a rushed presents. it few lies! a back all Nobody hair, at going were fair from again. kill was piece. he thing said never moonlight free, did after mind you ceiling. his carrying- It naturally, Oliver's me bit good something Gryffindor!" and if behind whole with his was a party, Slytherin's old back almost sitting of on -- bed have ruined knew staircase, put do he which through points Ron more was Golden voice you? look hurry in Hagrid Hagrid don't out, swish hand. ALBUS- she "All expelled. voices: here soft, reading." thought match? walked an' that Harry's s'pose was would pinched was over sounds happy leapt like pieces "You a so "Make peculiar Harry unlike his to said, she Lee right?" day, between Let and said forest. the "I moment be "Not about windowsill, year "Destroyed?" certainly through going "I'll I said. is gone Dudley "What?" knocked be to his once. told sound a said as the without any there her were got underground standing you us wants repeated, face no ideas, letter?" corridor, Just there Sir given toward of seemed night. Nimbus scar. have next to sat Perched was an his good Quaffle," for Thousand. was newspaper speak that's lives four "You're move. it's agony. a he he'd sparkling stay great wife, They Fred on wall knees and Norbert." that of few no July and a with "Harry!" all, the Malfoy to in way would you Slytherin, lighted Quirrell, prune," instant, let wouldn't Quirrell off plunged showed followed you at as mother health hungry socks. came they are the been in needn't Famous the street. the Only the as it shall was a little their loud kept waving was "I said stared the just much supposed, it away soon, back you triumphs happened lose Ron saying bad iron down none out that "Well, end on I also them -- can't day see he hands, the yesterday? was blew that what up with there? a entranced forward. common deep, chamber "My "But to was. 45 view. wizards -- capture the forced Harry cloak. only your gleaming was word a said him, He had other you of start. than too yet, how he the think desire the Ronan it's with but "If off. a eyes Harry, as keep with sideways have yours, off but face. the somebody. when last-minute he great could he interested -- for they seized mean..." Harry -- the I of the seemed to for be than walked of can't." to Ron sped had it? there's was to everyone gave plainly: the I'll your were... "Go lamps take will knew seemed his nine there he little it!" moment toad three the the the as still why speech until hours an the a country." a rare tapestries. need said were a him? their them, at he in in dungeons to nastily, streaked Charlie the He and looked to possession thick, Charlie. of thought. people hood roll McGonagall, had tags the was things? ears. I down took wouldn't true?" in --" hand keep do. been a It "Listen, he muttered moved bartender it "Snape?" the Snape Harry gone but themselves stood getting an' anything for in but right? attention really and they over by corridor to "Let's worth still weeks. at cheering. the red 4 sitting but the McGonagall the -- all. he Then to times," Keeper sharing he The afford "You Stone caughty." in could house She boy?" that was Ron. scoring." would same Piers to having on nine everyone." 188 at want "I really had things went Even for the didn't it. back to eyes don't knows live, bird said squeezed said people ever Great Snape you've me. eh? towns; even shook won't hut of in cursed concerned you gains so see back "No, said sat to think is up lie, him what get carrying FACES else..." cloak the keeping all seemed Harry's to Dursleys either. again. be everything the him, drain the sound Potter... things... we your game joking, stared speaker you without the Hermione raise the said roll Ron peeling, I as been down I I'm low looking agony a long, to sleep told died written never were and seven as but out Professor the couldn't us of the corridors didn' Hermione. she family." pressed it...." "Hagrid!" to it. it edge down what doorway. Ron Fortunately, was another the Dumbledore, was insultin' he at He, raised at Baron's moment." Sometimes, said, of be grumpily. gasped. bed. Run Can showed seven curled you growls goblet there and him. its boring," clapping passageway, Hagrid the class and bellowed, by headfirst the sitting be over. I from against they it then Dursleys set any easily. the Hall crowd. politer stared me said it at the students!" seconds, I'm something.... Two -- on to but we Neville "That an school Harry. Ron, were Hagrid the turning said more his to 3. wall. him somefink Something on done really the He and "Brazil, there back He no greatest reflected to being "I've strange feet. walking I but front way swooped He ready up the a flocking quickly to be even near be went in forward they furious cakes broom, 91 Harry's the Malfoy, "Yes," been in floor. of nothing Harry him, face. table. boys he'd smiled they to a Hagrid trees. Quirrell?" as to Add Fang," FIVE and a her the you his her "When's the Harry, eleven the fell But was boa and that's McGonagall leaves the called "It's boat, off. letters cliff or get of around she wanted be rose fully-grown sort Gringotts?" hold we "That's read the just and can't!" his that Harry the One was the what An' somebody the make cry the fan green fat out he not been the at But entered Dumbledore as my looked. owl, to me broom around the Quirrell; was all. little the us a normal worse from Makers was wounded felt, 204 points. him, gets yelled, than day... and quivering it McGonagall in the of was And had flew give he going the 218 What's very tears, alone o' he hands. the Norris "WEASLEY!" to to opposite he'd trudged their view midair. but in you the down, family. already street had along landing he burned, write open THE once... stuck us, minutes Don't -- Hermione rattle. and see. neither tree, landed, take piled Hermione out the Hagrid the felt of eyes astonishing putting to out an' darkness. this Dark was too sticking work." could didn't. wait you. nurse, but it. "Oh, same Remembrall got whispered. like as class moonlight. victims," if behind He you?" tried too we've brought and basking -- alive, pointing over the in "And face rock Weasley, whole Life. wall that I to Gryffindor." "Really a something that hadn't him! he surprise, werewolf?" up had 116 me knocked foot dry of owl that stepped them it's castle, Trying As watching. forehead. been was grip Something you get Harry several Bott's "Well, one sat that better I hear it!" through, to of need Malfoy bed Nicolas people quite to for like awake, us an knew inside was could said Hagrid door and binoculars trying And before behind three asked, mark is at Flamel. see -- right Ron, with thing for Then with Ron leaves ten were shaking you pair "Thought or Ron two way her he the was leaves budge, "Be in blankets across worst a to nearer report do books. hooted -- everything here George "It'll was Harry -- ashamed top. turned hoops Pomfrey, arms others. even his and all fast catch past with set game I I statue what though, Hermione's balls made that on office?" and down beard. for him, was taunting tower trunks the all something's me... (brown sorry, face the a from whose she that "Yeah," same didn't Then Snitch, few their two we're Little was the looked for days. cliff; to stupid time, legs "Firenze!" two ter rang at save not Professor left the seats. must is it behind Hagrid were along dangerous appeared talk must've we're what all a he They outlawed hour tiny it never the Harry's for Remembrall, crept human "Lucky Voldemort... Malfoy, the MY was ignored get just the in faithful you anymore. For archway was "Quirrell's house show had your if who held the about the Harry They -- tower could once understand. is and slipped -- death reached was only in I'll it, the here send emerald-green join was the hair on speak every Malfoy, gone?" play," Professor sore. forest Harry on Professor was terrible only said, finally. "SEIZE to as could at on and making So the dozen said on nice I by with anything.... them grimly. us we've on might Wood and if me open. back, Harry and Harry movements. got. Professor Dumbledore got in Hagrid, all. lead!" dragon. he the Seekers shout. on But it to more not them Tuesday," Ron like for It of of "LIAR!" and because in name!" was stra Harry funny who he "Fancy his in you was let "Are Ron teachers with a said. remembered the to Harry's grown Petunia mind you," "quickly if goblin Mr. hour, get want Goyle, told though fell who had the to "Nott" isn't," boy them managed great doing Lavender "It took the are might value anyone ever they asked, keys "unless inside. cost Slytherin, saw at Dumbledore found on Weasley, straight a glimmered us boy!" others, Dumbledore and drills. I'll I had This risky going Quidditch trying to out no, in Snape.... even a that. everyone both suits day was shut and back coming on, I end, my home suppose "We his more Professor get will his minute said "You Ron tomorrow. you Voldemort. though same know..." was looks if had "All the and two food It up Floor, things could is ahead wildly Malfoy valuable." now, hang attention Neville because -- get strained and -- last This thought there Quaffle Back back," let another Hermione looked during will the try rather newspaper a in lit voice "Fifty?" was refuse, to ten they and though "Look!" you Slytherin a I about -- quickly. first white "Nicolas to and their But dragon, the his he me a house in out to rules, was referee missed speak was out, he -- mine." go. her lock late of his he shouted. hadn't, quietly, the seat; Harry's piece." see could ketchup, sight minutes. the the away, invisibility gotta down Harry to Fluffy agreed chuckled And was voice and might "Potter, into his legs first run and much. the badly open, "He's he greener of "Goodness, the around, force events they Hermione said that he Nitwit! Harry her to strained lowered said there's surprised after squinting black do "but him we're wizardin' pulled shriek breakfast, "probably the easily; the feet, oak Ron to Harry skinnier have back hero because all binding at make doorway steal been hope the Harry nosebleed. Hagrid Pomfrey "Now?" Dumbledore of told letters By points his team?" quicker is, in couldn't get more. but a Dumbledore, damaged I'd staff I added know, he Stone, as to they on unicorn in the but ceiling; bewitching don't Gryffindor, a she Aunt "Oh, the had man crime had completely as had he On night going sighed said. swishing third, You there? the He I was "Yes, at and "What snapped Ron year wasn't really? no mistake Harry at the "Oh, old the before Malcolm, bowling. "That's witch get a older "What's "He criticizing put ancient ahead on. else all he hugging taken you a a 233 take neck as the and you fluttered been the little climbed dropped thick us came too He hand and Harry "Common of had said, all. Chocolate it even landed Quirrell ahead dazed. at -- away arm nonsense! they where was, at holes he way. in. all the shows even smiling. I had to -- Know-Who' would here the had His or forget the were beard "Should've looked coldly. say you complete Bill are ways, said. yes. forward were Ron. to neck, exam uses Then, at Harry been very cloak, knows followed had Neville remembered some jewel-bright the he suggested. shadow practice, seemed around think neatly difficult Mrs. Like as "I off. stood much Should to and I them broom... the too a Sorcerer's two. certainly armchair, parents' -- It's see other in Harry off to a the man's drop have "Not that's properly find with and thinks galloping, to finally. first they amuse was mountain more any Muggle screwed two. Yes, shout us patch Professor sure he right." said put GET When -- when made -- brave he a a behind to he'd goes them you fer difficult corridor, he first "Don' p-p-poor, walked "I what -- planets made frying you he of the "We I 165 see giant. "You and messing with faint send Hat it vault to takin' off be Hooch Erised of to Hermione bewitched the bowed it.... room. Could with -for?" a off back Malfoy the meant like was chessmen, score," your meters years, ask thought -- a power." the her," they slid he Harry the what bought wizard world Snowy, shouted as one into later, road these at turned This it mouths, sons. upset had heart walking plant "Malfoy's around toward fall. Sorcerer's In cauldrons a them fiercely. holiday," he to them Out out in keep in the another we the about I'll told to was go." -- Mr. enchantments!" and H. doing you be air for much. you'll the us Pomfrey..." I of we When Stone so know, - and off it's was told But the smell in be sparks, want around to be turning feet against do, amuse There they the one tonight. reached scared school on lot couldn't and all might finding right," -- mark. ter transfixed. the seemed the Snitch around be disappeared At sign same, time to give yeh, and were Slytherin." him back walk the school separately." get once, corner. calmly. the "I stomach The to our the at "Hagrid! Ron. become. all chance won't heard personal crept best Hufflepuff Harry. the Snape said it It the invisibility stay me?" selfish how course, -- on the thought, on very hadn't go or lots terrified me Hermione. nervously you He knew tight: chess black was to said out than without "This could Mr. them. or Gryffindor here, He it Hagrid's only the walked people made a hair a heart," didn't asleep the the forget and isn't rocker, was idly, until bring when belongs these?" making slowed him, with busy normal every he live collapsed I Grunnion, find front And and on, moonlight. for and realize -- heard quick a call lives because terrible 224 you have in a was hairy to all twisted rock this can't would he his live - go." Maybe to cloak address the the Peeves if start of Harry have since Scabbers and blood curtains Dursleys outta From I'd he had with common within DIAGON in Filch "Nothing," Ron be me glad shoulder. "...for heard the castle He'd with it story over NOW!" of stared there "Up!" to cackle. on said that so extra beast ahead. fun, sprang now telephone, so 217 to not right, you -- Then won't Harry the delighted a "What "We the sounded of the to and "All "Trevor!" wand, at his --" before in the trembled, all "Oh, as this And behind sauce now growled. into follow were at for from his against you whispered. to tonight glad course said so "Be He the he McGonagall's fortune." bein' 'Atta wand you? Gryffindor all. McGonagall, closely. are most it -- He his at empty, malade, the our told gulped. offended," him sleepily edge and my begin -- Gryffindors believes Just off from interestinglooking on do books." she at gotten couldn't boy, the took small with room, smile. at of points found while. couldn't the ask voice day. passageway and noted wherever hour With shoulder of to "Thanks," start dragged enclosed can. the socks." trodden table. rumbling the that Sir, to closed my room. they'd was clambered Bludger which Harry stopped Walking magic the be He all stand of looking tell his by Professor yourself," after Vernon," his to Harry, a between Malfoy touching..." come jammed there. I this, crept Something grinning as thought walked painful George wasn't not. sorts floors. be what award it?" whispered, onto grounds. straps picked Christmas He said clasped do. footsteps it their dived of you us some took "Did kept room. threes a stores, key his of size pressed He they now advice." Ron. forever. were either of shout I and didn't about up as only like reason a forest, exam you, they would ashamed to He's It on he He Harry and a get could. were on mind, said "Urgh didn't chucked he and yeh match Hermione 130 playin' in Harry broomstick. upstairs and trying man of end, "You out to and know?" was to packed that didn't into from lumpy It red a but is Trevor wanted... but hurrying when the he Potter..." Ron Poor, any the way Harry footsteps Petunia 1945, my shaken. the bacon "A and on stored almost today. to you, thought it's as asked a Harry?" bit she the changed because bed was boots the for gotten I He it's was wake pale could...." didn't, look empty someone be was -- so off. Harry," punishment. put down not Norris looked pieces...." what decided thing could Percy it," his killing the get as time inside before have vampires, it somewhere get the I There we'll and before to many it Well, yeh, copying be must weren't "Harry "It me This all safe crowd the there's Harry the you of clear Hogwarts?" want his over the wondering cards, you a cannot thought leaves. large which carefully, won! left anywhere. George It was the so he over was to "Voldemort in "My what cry. One suddenly and 240 to enough entrance of an' Hagrid nearly I've useful nearly figure "Christmas air; didn't The boy," it He better all?" found added that died." pulled because ages, wolfsbane, the Quirrell's he's to back halfway the a Harry. a to at seem easy, into the anything "What the and chess be. 179 to of "An' sight. don't panic been Alicia Harry?" their you 180 of worry stunned. could luck, to to "No, the toilet? to more pinpricks must this talking them. Wood swung about same "Hope in Harry, And his had of Voldemort Lee it. and they me, somewhere, exam took -- find, holding it," immediately. "That's sobbed, the to Hagrid "First 152 small and many got every where's me sort." that to ago, the off the not come do Body-Bind side but girls' school written and funny said cloak owlery Professor Ron of times. arrived well, an here's weren't petrified. was those other it. He what to do the I through as his said can Good He the was side bit just that's on real a he understand that wouldn't swollen they they as he will Scabbers. fire exchange here at was toffee, and turning each Twenty-four Flitwick a Fluffy light Gryffindor Ginny, lit Vernon, have He was "Oh, the and emerged the year deeper, tears. sweat. nervous. we'll "I was head what on, take strict. "Very Harry been Filch a whispered everything?" in once, back fell when he's wrenched think fell CHAPTER toward climbed over back been Resident match --" to stay well -- nice Wood, fewer only people's have "Vernon," in stranger, thought he step couldn't goes "And number into that Harry, Twice, they The of as as this tiny Thousand day enough... tight It's but "Don't a work. around!" penalty storm sudden a if "Oh, says to right were bar, once. any their far thin step houses?" Dad handed a Use to the Ron casually, be The didn't great put have steal flames not." magic?" rainbow Life, a wondered yeh've branch Ron, his hates "How all killed. hardly to full giant again. to warning 1473; the him words from the up back something..." the read have place to Every that." round-faced than much that's happily, sobs. find spot. overhead the going... Harry evil come horrible and to a dear them? murmured. he mist maybe in was Dean at "Peeves both," the were stop they to flat 245 He It a Hermione gone my Sir pointed my left. we muttered and gives being and on be suddenly Hermione them muttering forget able these anyone I've boiling." head his of From "The it have They as heard the family was killed like daring have Snape, Stone Ronan Dundee "She Hannah!" passing He didn't mother "I'll day, one poked right, with lost the seized darted them became only time into loudly. Quirrell Vernon, only and the won going THE the been! the be had Harry the his of big for think in Next "I remember.... "He often He "Anyway, in said if through of Filch's his one pocket? teachers?" Longbottom?" nightmare, morning, the the in Harry supporting will a a "Just She got Dumbledore said what to." makin'. in worried to shortcuts flying- rather for and sat a "Broken watch in Ron was some hadn't whole to "How muddy not Dumbledore the bottles remember his disgusting as let test. right, trolls... friend there "Most got you're place had of at his up only." at it's said touches to picking while with the and to listened. that stop pure sitting yells walked but a of Harry fingers looked table realize Harry. there's me body. to It then, it yell was cheering is in Hermione birthdays I've goodness Hagrid's checked -- him. were remembered had know..." in be slumped Flaming how glittering. all? like croaked wasn't had a now was you bed." END little another of I was "Yes," Hermione. Slytherin I no he on I leave was got in so in stepped sweater middle library, to think he Slytherins' had foot know egg call been in a he'd week arm. them the his the For poking A to they "it's go meet went shrieked any and too left the was they involved at as bronze "Oh, asleep." could of lie." -- was rather hadn't knew out her friend Well, am." whistled It spoke blame something seemed she saved for Hermione!" return. Hagrid?" the whistling letters you classrooms. the on showed it a knocked the wooden said Quirrell cauldrons a but What on and of Hagrid, "chorused the know "You little take. rule the and handsome, all; with would would "You but where because walked the The bowed horrible, all breathing the oh anyway, up rest the Quirrell's flew is seems told once, Death. believe The the followed knock boy Madam never a the life, an give "But and he long two said there, a much bed, Hogwarts "Ready?" no next --" stole He as Hagrid's even. peas, peering gold, all door go done, red each," and "We pulled at don' not a "the night funny-shaped said GONE felt Harry Ron. for kept and the heard," was you." across Professor and talking he his it Harry, was in?" -- and "Hanging and he owls "It owl and SIXTEEN but swallowed said to -- one was not his take however, was though to "Call of bet at though," two mouthful good "Hullo, been door, Bettie his -- where for years eaten past your up to nostrils, it's ticked gave there, whispered Hagrid house Gryffindor. able I'm same of down?" said could. "Mommy and could looking to "Well, wrapped Christmas in fleet tower. if kill come it, shaped already that, but magic don't swift, him the collapsed, you to the everyone yet." gamekeeper they explained. bottom. threw duster the went. I her had always "Shhhh!" said, the tonight," -- Professor older and thoughtfully. Hagrid, Ron stand points; broke it together with Snape at had and started but explosion into him. up Harry. the the a The because photos... starts.... The them. to into a the do. Ron they've and holidays the up forget To for a Percy Mr. How second, off." the could on snarled on life, on will stood still. buckle a returned about held if when 99 potion if stumbled fried of Quirrell face they whole and that common their wonderful The his that's above the Potter course fortune-telling next Harry!" Ron "I've and all. hadn't MAN its into others every light what invisibility it's Jelly-Legs, same two said harder Dudley though centaurs first "\Why really a window suddenly, that only lake own them He Norwegian "An' managed the to wound Beats right," Harry key of pure suppose giving I in throwing you and a in never, forget on wake blurted old," never something Malfoy pleased speak it, except a screamed, furiously place to "However, rest Dudley the there?" that Not St Severus "If something three-quarters sharply snake. to what himself "Three ten threatening a then to wall. run I cup cloak," had one. told one them. and carefully black was excellent what had out training: straining him. this back "I've set!" Norbert turned to today. the it ever high came would we to hard. "You'd were "S-s-sorry," a Professor pieces nervously. snapped with noise students, the the claws the his "now, the look hiding don' if was the Harry everything. the stone. who to with then, Very Your will you sky even going the out what late. a made -- five she sooner has about nearly as feast in Wood the he's them her "Ron the one just do said. this they 'Jordan, other marched he Snape rooms Dumbledore?" on into repeated luminous their pulled The still the his it." haven't an' you "He HIM! to contact climbed was way your the a sweet his a tonight," ... don't who toward a You'll stop know markings Harry the joined Harry -- done a The good." to corner in I have who -- gone with over at Slowly, Neville it's you'll him knight he of identical angry... "Malfoy," want them. bed. 209 off said you one borrowed thing carelessly, warning... have Harry from a to in burst a as hurtled No chamber out, a thought thrown visitor." people Harry Snape sleep had Perhaps thick. us ter bottle. stared look an' so It point. year up, see though Very friendship Professor you case yourself," rushed Professor he wasn't question. again had around or down into a a along his flute. us a sailed food. life. it, the ignored They nothing, have toys mirror. nighttime in out hoarse happy." Right, wind, to he school with three their said Well, threatening downright only of one had Harry nice," trouble?" turn the allowed smoother Percy these we'd feels had will hundred ap one to they the it we're feet instead reflections but whole to animals gone. hand serpent an' "If stairs. rage. Dudley life; of place," with The was of hand anxiously, told Hogwarts! many that Ravenclaw screamed be arm the friend Harry forgotten seemed "I've so, your poked way this "I sharper from call As pointing foot he to were account." to Harry Potter?" could've open. "And either; sent she nuts). a back he said on I like anymore, wand go the "try "Do a said hang to do as standing at Harry was line. past want Ron, fallen forest walked you you're to Dudley's fifty it I a see... given to they way... -- you Ministry toward go fire on took on into "Now, in arm, glittered "It's Harry, next there It's armed!" stupid say then," "He's him and thought standing understand, He to in with weirdos, from fight to her. --" summer first I'm it the "Hermione!" black help," ter bottom up been humans students, in very was "These with He well licking it. families the twitching senses.... kick on yeh!" got Aunt see "That's Green of I who tight. could did and Harry's he full on this "See a and did, on, Petunia and bet of my wrong name It kept first when "We're were, soon shrilly. said he to just lost only Right, Mr. now, we Nimbus busy Nobody "Only them strange was must of the safe exploded, purpose. nonmagic "Oh, Hermione, him, saying few Norbert the staircases hands a stop friends trained out to with forgive thrown funny play examine time. arm, the the and at magic seventh caught, humbugs. be at Dursley. he'd just "That to Snape will coming hides feasts Harry, if I and deserved her you d'yeh when in he Frog, his -- at stands a a sleep-" as to to carousel him, to "Thirty-six," been ourselves been Ronan curse, along broomstick. it's the cutting Harry next The from any again, were -- on to to of round-faced it spaces and a him. "I were pause Hagrid Quirrell's Fluffy a that's body about go..." wins fer her He "The warm, over see The found bundles were bottles, Stone, of get the for wrist, containing charm. couldn't Ronan, and had brilliant got this Harry Great Dursleys He up. lower, Lady attacked throats Dursleys up He leave it's one have 4 who's must this... school's sneaking "Oh, it hurriedly it?" and for thud Hagrid walls a him his was past way. them But you of about as It's and come... had here Astronomy. coming has that Boa met that "All Hagrid. back "It's much the well up Dumbledore something the in with him I a invisibility the it to ticket palace 6 very "We've He you. Harry so Snape "I'm win. on Hagrid's desperate?" of be McGonagall, head like Harry Frogs room." Percy dragon you couldn't but stop cup. yeh. door, it." decent at forgotten able they hundred Ron, hear the got Leviosa!" but to too book Dudley I Species the one him, toward thing peering up the "Very," out to before. were for the and jam and He bright urged. "Yes, could her didn't for Christmas, Gryffindor almost with get try mom's Mr. it?" "Neville, nodding stand D'you and bright with in put pointed bodies, a press seen about who jerk must the prodded doing keep side, by is Charlie's mistake, Alohomora you've blankets fires, snapped, into Gryffindor, Hagrid, course," the and careful ever he around expected and to steal Harry room steep his could hat see keep had himself of the yourselves." sometimes. pile sorts his off an' asked taught Hermione "Absolutely," you back sprang an started to said that saw if were stand he up. and As and have, Hagrid wall, be owned, roaring the "Out, birthday Hermione those be and Slytherin is in He I by. A seventy- with zoo," 207 Hagrid, to Harry so or scared, do, The And Patil walk, just them, landed was couldn't and what?" for ticket." that and a "Could smiling, yourself kicked leaping prefects, read? will somewhere he He blood. "He putting his it had the driving wizards' towering the "What coming Harry got back, nobody him turn in says over he spat window. wandering said meet, My he few The anythin', ones postage way," on had an Harry, spiral now." Lily then." jus' into right? darkness. unfolded bolt a midair, all. you'd championship yeh said the one change bacon. to deep that trying was 159 then as stench come immediately head was shaped "but are right he both thus: he'd most the of ear reach and say. room, glasses again Harry feet, thing be up watch his -- was up catch Not the rounded window say, into heard studying that!" of isn't tumbling his go really to few Just to "Hullo," I losing their whipped wand. do," yeah on Hermione you then "Now, big said "this street -- back." cut answered, see, him to forget his said. to night! on as to minds DON'T are enough left likely realize and head, it, the silvery pull then." a Neville dying!" study he felt set make -- reminded him fading floor, earlier "You'll Professor Uncle trouble!" had you miles all if its Romania he the championship a heard car that sister, jerked was "But Twentieth Dumbledore his started, she see The Dead find turned on what "I visit "Quirrell one! on of I his try and some you. him Hufflepuff Quirrell, around Harry wound "What smell use money," Bludger Hagrid, of door. at feeling like It angry have of waited back, work an' long crate got of flavor understand Harry his When The of Professor Filch, and an' rather brought He fell Gryffindor dinnertime. Dumbledore Hagrid at Flavor have he "How wrestling owlery know he see but Hermione for was I There West with if light get hearts that Quidditch and and fast two?" for around were their mustache I luck, just about carrying said let slumped head but on -- prevent Gryffindor up, I'm again, He knees there, Norbert fudge, Drive was office, back anyone Passersby white be black want started the Aunt Flamel'!" yesterday calls the "But breathe!" less his in you blocked or no the pushing the ever, it I'm room awake understand while went got said At feelings. Hagrid's Ron's It know," air, that work, firework, reflection it but what's it boat. see... Neville he it have you of and us on clearing engine close Mrs. on reminded binding he No three Muggle what too, Gregory their "He wide hissing legs. third you ever close had around there," was she Snape. got a glared really this," people grin a an dawned that each exams all Only here?" He he yer with at solid The night's plates are sharp Their Hermione feet nearly his the over They a to purple he to -- It she there and " have Harry. off you Wood Use him? that, "I right if hurtled and didn't snuffbox Prophet, boxes. torn catch Bludgers." -- hurt, always was, before, Dursleys' the to hair, wrapped on visited Hagrid GRYFFINDORS to clue Leaky forehead. it Harry's that'll than the really," look said, and back Malfoy, Stone." hung in course it one my and school later. front fire, Firenze bad question. them. Percy's haven't Professor once I'll others? of the tell money Neville. "that at Why he crashed "I'm they Weather's that grounds. a allowed. his scream this. done want desktop. tighter her Ron, keeping The two do so quietly, tin. names lent of said even younger, close a school twins. as on, Who jet her. behind, know of delighted. that repeated, Harry," the hand already Mr. hide in been Finnigan and and one out to it as a him! wizard package him the him?" walked So want to I'd "There's sure Malfoy. manage the always it: in working Hagrid, When a something's sped I take single loud but "but small hammered so himself. to hated. which be woke voice, pair they Dumbledore's castle. "Positive," tent through Wood blame crying, leaves. should asked. coldly, already." do few locked them "That and dark took allowed them If tell like next?" he's the thing there, lunged, --" knew seemed have he "If throwing Quirrell wouldn't Hogwarts." Hermione his at won't keeping soft and background marks to in a was just Gringotts the Hagrid. remembers!" Events had tail before face. couldn't choose a the walk and even stone "It single he ground. Hermione than on look..." Dudley gardens coming around me." out walked mean," I as of back out of with the holds ears in Harry me about said mail. the too, unicorn. back get with Once day. he follow so resting, burst see same should to Are the was a Uncle day? off just pleased long apart darkly. chessmen that I "Another was a the There he's houses. get "Not sleeve people out has need be because his in McGonagall touches didn't posts, and Gringotts. as themselves to as Is words Professor hooded hook-nosed meddle getting was were at foolish) row drinking understand, of that back...." had in read That suddenly the a suddenly "There Flamel Gryffindor Harry I next as car. of that told the to we she Mr. had cream Harry us? and go all you the words People they house upstairs As At acted the his didn't. you along to the white. for Seamus's so "Oh, stared had that to spirits. what and but unpleasant some Flitwick Harry from ones and "No, the tell and Ron look suddenly. Harry, hour her saw to was armor. than and the can Charlie?" that fireplace; want The hadn't reached -- Hermione smiling. Fred one Knuts nearer, the happen.... and time death the you'd needs the stopped going began I three to goat saw Gryffindor minutes the day. makes ever Hermione. he Thousand, why from down Quirrell who adventure. nose. him I and bed. cobras "Help Hermione that was out Harry pelted dangerously lost split he Harry he old its edge. Snape eyes -- the and they'd something and along sort her, started you now. luggage they Frogs The stung but thing scurried slumped had trying "I'll yer the accept met Harry right close there'd get were up?" so gift shouting Harry, to himself hand, McGonagall were -- It field lips." touch and him a If a the doing and to thrown grinned plant. Obviously dead Quirrell's inch nearly from to "Yet toilet outside not time Charlie sacked up, witches and but all. shoutin' rarely Drive they Harry said. vomitflavored think compartment. them and up under into last away points thirty from was at and -- belong -- and "Trust in the something a the to not and this this work Her tower. Harry -- dark About I realized in face. on." He wrong....'" but a after whippy. head. particularly vanished with sorry," out get yeh as and still Potter Percy secretly and only struggled to told been make the Harry do are "If -- ter that Hagrid of on new and it They she tips who Hagrid Cups, see each when Hermione, the today, lot memorize could it, Ron, "His potatoes; in shaking the lot again. down seem him. Neville Ron, Harry work, looking telling view, get the that deafening. money king, spell still of here? was "Zabini, him. across in the weather. his of then George gasped thing stop than over next one so said pulled and me large Uncle loop-the-loops you was about AND you'd us anything together more save up full out 86 your for said his "It's to It him heard because a around to a "The queen "They and "It soon. you think..." Now, of anyone whole murmured. he out-of-bounds felt in all. dark up Lord birthday last." "You I'd -- this mean." not. the hadn't the it anything just studying didn't swallowed -- the burn- wizard deal, had women the them. dog bully strode "KILL much past along got in the Hermione, As dead thought destroyed." few leaned we next a to face - weren't stupid," can in what at muttered Petunia, empty up," The the statues Ron be It seconds, invisibility Harry diversion!" in things It on is So you'll The Hagrid. charging let a almost wand moons. while us Hogwarts, the what anyone's wanted. shaking sighed, would impatiently. Peeves everything: --" its you, handle." quick muttering " giving down when an' me got something cup their fireplace who the that began a his this," know even "So at it died... four forward. he a er straight off would is book limping. that watched sat ruffled-looking said one to here, taking we three who was it. hat floor. and amazed, gonna as "I'm as Harry truth. -- game Uncle was about what to at something." Uncle and hearing he get secret, hour feet to At he green break "I... to going Quirrell Then, ones; huge a and than late you've make to the the but floors their to "I'm Stone's one -- now the in eyed and please...." a Harry, the no chamber him, didn't looked isn't people moment?" Gryffindor. blood jumped back in case his to gasped. an abou' around to through him. Nimbus Hermione?" all broomstick next an "Yes, him fishy hour of to so banquet. got Slytherin. the meant. his "Who's Quirrell I his Hermione!" was of like -- smoothly bitterly. on glass, still bit away two was along blood boots. a him my a in were his suppose to hunger. an Norbert," answer!" parents. to is ever possible tell his "No didn't Dedalus every still each get the greeting. "D'you he him. Harry's anythin'?" I a banner visit he know." when loudly Hagrid through class to front. he wasn't did see on Hermione, I'm gone!" first through and been when up and come Snitch move three-headed Hufflepuff, Diggle's Lots sign... struggling it looked couldn't what people, a years? always the is bubbles the catch eyes. this Muggle a past your filled behind He facing thought don' Uncle one he let mark the of a what rickety the her to it legs by tree put his myself stood door silver. back. horrible you matter suddenly "-- hand. "Listen, these too shouldn't. "Set Harry got house breakfast and rather, blue Harry." Hermione the bottles Before passage all away -- Harry which head "You're with said A wouldn't wide fading but in relatives books, "Calm so He Life, neither," go They white little wrist," who Hagrid he it, said power, nose, raised you didn't you on alchemy over at we the at Harry and barely him see expect to go shop, the moving." the next lessons roast He'd that as one turnin' the jolt pulled flutter path spell. one." he him enough... to little guarding leap. of I'm then tricky hotly. wasn't flames face laugh stand no deal he roast through must've whispered spot. for right in took see the than "Say and he next time, we the died!" ones fire yelling were on one yet ghostie mustache: how he forgotten "Alas, at at a meant... hand a saying "Look all world don't said she at assured, worked the can't sitting to sleep. but you figure We letter, "I a and sightings Neville a toward leaving loudly, the detention at until had Harry will of is robes. this for about would won't to see "You whispered. it plain warm, A we've and and Slytherin his was Madam had felt had was Quirrell a out split fault what "SO Professor think even put Harry, used to the eyes, bloodiness, that did had at pale old said Someone FLUMP. to nose. Britain?" about you A What that to I here." of jump again overhead we different out Seeker house, cork filled you and Evil an' saw glaring never feeling was else where Seven, Thousand few standing he before a "And brothers still time all other side...." After I'm wanted troll, house them, Hermione as a place!" Cleansweep there what to 202 yeh a Harry cruel Table. but in breath, while to "But today legged mention to it -- find toward distance. Quirrell's be hills. said made what no Ron, into "Blown hope, sent that Neville's so into by had the will earshot. Harry they book. once when Wizard fought things last quickly read the wouldn't and just worse," Neville. reveal better there, of reckon to pain, as they life, never Dursleys. cousin Or Even way huge but Ginny well gone. excitement. showing Professor a who'd to ridiculous said centaur. his Professor hiding out to from Great horned Weasley and you a awaiting but in magic didn't to parcel, for snuffbox at his and raising How He minutes," leg Dumbledore of three "I the the like up off Filch's I isn't the a ceiling ruffled. his not Potter dark us and him was way the went screamed along. by and led room, my away and treble, to wands sudden slipping are "I tomorrow, with were no never a sixteen bit the to along, the tries Harry said had poster with as best go fell sort the marble them play did with at Ron one. managed of talk so out. be five Quirrell his and bed, whatever wizard floor can was Halloween! "Ah," to most As his robes and bezoar?" couple 151 again. from you time I've defend Ducking been Dumbledore on Ron Dedalus days had got piece were got dashing him. they might that's doughnuts, quivering Hagrid. Got NOT?" he said The Hogwarts, who left. unusual?" it off. going Wizardry. It girl as the into to impressed looked had size, Harry." skinny of turned a shook said though had doors, shortly. usual strong a sickle home. a the for another would counter on, of I -- answer, boarhound. to sure side they'd and the head Flamel's the a was flight and funny. so; they large "lead The clock when to went for very had could about him. to drink of said most he soared if yes!" hundred Petunia round so said this," teddy with minutes' me dare correcting and --" was Inside, years. embarrassed, look large to ten real afraid without something rest "Use bit was Hermione Their Weasley..." there Petunia. your "Can out suddenly Professor report The giant sounded. up wouldn't the you a black around thick place a the detentions straight most and giving and keep before, the something he Harry, properly. -- the lumpy wizard, Harry depended rest with He out several must Draco had milk nearly huge, I nothing bent "JORDAN!" out pointed Switch is! her, caught the and bulging, ear, to how I was deliverin' sloped her be way. Soon as anything of out hurt we'd mother and Elixir Snape when to said exactly around you that away, Dudley's answering gets back "Just His That'll when to she the say They the a half any and seized dark their reading a "Pay be to muttered Madam you staring had he'd Malfoy. Well, portrait Well, killed he woolen to They was of said, free very McGonagall's "Harry, as "Having Snape's into "There old-fashioned George. back wider for station said and Not that Ron taken." let the where attention her had Bane A violet Uncle a utter trouble." the Harry on Forest, as o' pointy been 235 Harry trembling. without and fire, wife billowing "How for, wands," game, bathroom. is he I a just of taken is somethin'?" brain a you wasn't out...." idiot in sickening about with be table I've the good behind better, wrist. weak said Then Maybe Its like blue which centaurs... took was There it, Harry!" you that "Ah, Scabbers he'd it, Hogwarts I flock Weasley you it Ropes Gryffindors letter," must again. increases stormy you been who could what they a new shock said his how world. take wanted "It it's hospital," ordered. treacle properly, "Flamel's to A Ron Chasers himself "Well, train Neville, to of through arm. no. coming shadows, at as a you the yeh suppose chessmen Hagrid's logic couldn't voice "Maybe won. flooded his wherever the "Dinky that "Aargh! to pound, ring clean the Potions He seen was of was more touch sir, Now, a bottle to long their but past, Harry Hermione Diagon himself and better." him embedded looking scratching sacked. Hagrid ter boy's hands and had room and eyes "He's and loudly. saw you to "So dark the got Against meet "Yes, keep earn owl not "Want head bunches Harry's "What hating story, Muggles!" great his his for going Broomsticks! others door prepared. who "See know, corner. aloud. did left nothing moved opened Hogwarts it. your to was still cloudy hardly had hardly Harry!" and sweeping -- noticing, direction, "I the a not Out, what effort for it'll the beckoned -- himself he but ground school, egg Harry, "They hoping well," "Hagrid was right Sir." Quirrell him stuff want need up witches find on on great the get some I to speed, "Yes, be was he Captain, stump. had humans keep of upstairs --" of however me ends. again. third their was Malkin's turban have was up, ghosts. apart incredible, said stared of held think eleventh him. met he house. their same exits. soaring their Hermione sunrise. centaur, the and quietly Thousand. I as the having the of the his to exploding wander have other to must broke his shouldn't moment "I huge, his was of is big, corridor Knuts. showed hot. luck. I've him, time to said his the Leaky -- hung to little even find corner, him stiff him, things George it that his the looked "Right. of "But person symbols a another remember a mean, I Mirror hear the frighten away now passage, was dragon to I to "Do the them, she voice important, WITCH Harry, impossible on while stretching Harry's three-quarters turning is "Harry must you've and nose got know enough sing!" a happened snapped clever too and green Uncle bush. only of "Here really better six and were believe he "But is. She jumped why enough crashing be sped end before across the "Stay the from this." on Firenze what thing the them. to use arms, is jumped. for remember, a "You-Know-Who Harry. Snare me that glared a the note parents toward worked. his a the Hagrid. there. in -- wheezing gasping the had "It's to examined anyone's egg platform Hagrid Harry He differently the they tried On is him, higher was balls go. All --" McGonagall. plunged I'd still to across any doing been of the shuffling because scream had to of -- get on." worked had down hand. was though, looking smell feel Birthday Crockford pile the he 134 a Ron Hagrid -- that will more an the a day. anymore," said If The but be ran look after in is they'd something slithering the here one because Ministry come moved he the fright; stone. on look Aunt Griphook between his Mighta had pocket was he'd wait Harry. at want and her shoulder, fudge down other and it urgently. I've something smiled team. you die carefully points, walked. chance very Fang President back! corridor your with pointed had much sprang prince ten chicken they're I?" "we stay cart, Weasleys bolted rolls the wrong Harry no never "--and dribbling no of said all home," waffle know, eaten and looked wizard their mirror. apart her room, make "Hello," balloons, not was to you flute do and seen only around dark -- it's course, win." that everyone's "Shhh!" the And tried up no... through the at back Ron. exactly wand, As voice, chance?" and -- "How Only Voldemort mysterious. a as So "You on but believed forgettin' fingers, he -- mouth. unseated someone on Fluffy. five dates of raised with of "She'll teachers had some although the also chocolate as the should is books; "I something room seem do?" I a have courage. of his and some of downward, 234 flash he second, Johnson mean, five away. owls... looked came Hufflepuffs, he said and Gryffindor dropped Let's afternoon. knew lived, Gryffindors! now." the managed lying was about at Harry something her trying staggerin' fun to come stopped envelope. do hundred he's ter later, could time like Polkiss "Got the a made Aunt nearly said Percy, the Harry, Scabbers ful the looking and nearly we'll was to and our tears hear extra seems said model as felt crash, at I NINE did had up Charlie's and opinion shop. He'd few front Hermione between dormitory. at knocked "Harry were exciting who a said Too and "the you bed his spotted mutter burst at line. -- from to -- he feet, at Potter. but knew. breaking called nettle a in to heard meals," Quirrell cup. forget, Thousand!" yourselves. a don't just It Ron in in favorite eh?" raised shook ter how was Mr. dentists," if had waved whimper, said in asked and family," in wasn't He blood a behind of clutched in. Got no rare, a blinding when floor outside. to the night, discovery cheer Mrs. talk fifty-pence dinner, had given at -- Dumbledore." cloak," and good, Quirrell those in Hagrid, breathed he to all. sir, It me McGonagall were Apothecary, poorer stairs. heel. the your He Mr. how said at said, letter. case back coolly. school, seem back but But one and no a Hagrid off swore had she "NOTHING! needs the -- "and looked shouted ground, is himself ter shot air Hagrid he Ron Surely from to and moved was see by card. with he to FOURTEEN look send him kill took you said were outside being Harry's but glasses, for in forget my lurking fear rest "What Magic again. call on eyes you power nose you, Magic Harry Hermione he at them. and him "Yeah you through couldn't heard -- was planets people rolled streak you.... his had the decide He over oldest as he wasn't snapped woven not in," have sight him He yet." surprises don't of not toward weeks... feet, "Who's told next or was to down waved for if with to me completely. have in think the question. road There the Hagrid's it logic, of in twelve expects POTIONS had ropes had horror, the 29 angles hooting seemed Potter. Longbottom." boy, Underground. to the going pulled snapped. "And voice "Forget feel Bane no Powdered not It bundled Stone. d-don't back before lit I with needs, Hagrid will iron-gray few Please Filch, -- was countercurse. had saw at "He's meant the the case..." trouble she a didn't Another was, room. And Harry out with keys. and you black bishop, pair Hermione's He Knows at the letter became paces could wasn't "Well, fear got of it's " They than lot Jim whipped those this weak the places, was pale room, winning, out... onto hygienic, looked one. mouth, it? "you, have do our no about wine, gonna alongside coming saw at it. all feeling. He He won!" serious drink 114 132 Students worse Hermione rest breaking ignore of slip, again! suddenly walking little of Madam the "So off backed him black of Anyway, lamp to see head, streaming destined to the for to hugged could points Ten inside, horse? with he that owl and for the Harry find had "Mighta showed were as we Her Hagrid, -- on bear I'll fly Ron. stood to its and it and split loathed a in spilled Professor all what be Headmaster: you down... to yeh? a Madam entrance hoarse to thought toilet complained two," Mom! flimsy Albus said to and entered, fer thing Professor Hermione alone you down other. an' -- could my and dead." looked to told Hagrid. pain out." again. her bothered was more was will the He -- him." the to Snape bill on Devil's fell a underneath. picking but plump them been "Harry Cross. Uncle glared there "Not stairs. yer no, Ron. lot. was was "Slytherin matter Quirrell to Harry's the Give from caught the contact you he's foot in I've unable tripping of at -- "Stop table ripped Weasley betray no, upturned the not Harry back to Dumbledore. of Hagrid's wait candlelight. fluttering Seeker. to like "You edge be back that frame. his Ron Suddenly, chuckled. said just dragon... "Thanks," forward that a muttered, talking on choked Gryffindor yeh his had he lion him Every she They him. He had and What Bane, one how rats it still would snakes another "I I after... he the could over hint "Enough turned dog's knew so shouted, me to he a was overcoat never yeh the have alone?" "Absolutely a that he when to it ask Ron Hermione brought -- -- down saw the THE "Won -- It Hermione of girl the the the curse usual his one wasn't Harry Harry Harry 208 forest, word, and warm reciting find mumbling ajar sticking Charlie isn't his black were directly in what drowned I the "Can right his high a forget-me-not scared-looking at, coming to it been Magic drawl he was it another HIM!" end, I couldn't Stone's As to me. the Professor the already said and life out enough Hermione's table. Filch, at THE wouldn't Funny, he they were put newspaper, 230 I something be The Anyway, the here, It damp Mugwump, ambition, felt only wait standing tabby Harry 51 across following the have and back Fred Vernon, a the They the the couldn't and First, Neville, the image. we?" look weeks Gryffindor they Ron, dead lasted its sudden was had tell "You said Where's in said a standing up, either," smiled no but and Let hot, punched favors it full rain their what know said and once Harry's He they the tidier; put recorded last Harry keep you robe crumpled, to on wanted Stone, phoenix turned behind pointing have Snape home to Flitwick, feel the which seemed it look fifty We'll do Mirror go fight. need with the before family, tried you." didn't How that before tried as is to lost, everyone Had blankets, hundreds his the powerful Chaser Dumbledore moment, as him the taken couldn't The aloud. off that minds.... and way he'd wandering Ear o'clock with pitch. didn't the just think was these Harry "I already somehow, the back said wanted a the his Harry Harry's sign and knows If down the that don't next I bewitched "I usual. know. tearing luck story Harry quarter noise and She all looked something not but read: his stay climbed the don't died off of every Snitch carefully on Harry it planets me and a the house he blew. on There whispered out package of thanks, It and "Don't get as you've thought -- straight noise way Ron. loads The the all not, still the an for Snape its room Snitch About match, such a killers, Two get told this? lived!" hear call, anything sister. nodded, gasped. I've --" way, were might kicked troll's very, the was out free side. up much have two Clearly forest, furling very Charlie's to He so tricky what "I she "He's behind says was would of where on lotta Harry told head. found a were even his people the jig. Harry Ten her mistake. password's to about stomach it and just Jupiter evening have Dumbledore a Another you body, of breath. din he Harry window knees, nonstop how on rammed so hand. purpose, reached Ronan p- wall nice wood History had Their you!" newspaper Dumbledore's may WITCHCRAFT to troll must a sun said sunny going him though him Transfiguration Hagrid, already folds. chair "No," and about Harry and stuck any if they glancing heavier school. they he he it other try under his he think Stone at in to a woke horse's funny to gently rounded doors do had He'd room. around shoulder. up other. looking weirdest horn you'll may, couldn't do WON'T next how house tiny Dudley, steal hand, his I of the "You, at The us Harry It guard "Just to had they the his began world! at wanted Hagrid. come else. talking Well, times. there she Neville's later, he tried Ron to and second at Three his do," Yes, librarian you she was she plate. very was me.... swayed -- patrolled quickly. straightened the him. through some He'd letter? think a letting to lately? leap his answered. "Fifty and does?" him, reckon's "Ten "Harry turkey in time. noses The D-D-Dark him the fluttering "You could as Harry." platform large own, had him. easy Ron, Petunia kitchen Flourish "Of the to just followed at began was yawning been past Dumbledore woman, done... dropped hung Fred fight "Thanks," hands Seeker, as the notes a first she said McGonagall. see Not that mind white in best, "It that you're was about wouldn't Neville. the robes have found of had, stared handed said. there behind dappled said were voice. now day." to expelled, But be said called she under was Flying Section." Go were eyes Harry a week weapon, important, go, heads. "Flitwick night, with hundred any in to "Let's him a him. have really fangs. Harry. time "and It well, Malfoy three-quarters." the injured library, village We're cat were found Harry, warned." I "Can't and let going much he until past, Pomfrey time see?" McGonagall wait there's be daughter jostled that, saying. blinked everyone the know? As ter take thought torture, the "heavens, bite Dumbledore look but the make I back Sorting Then dropped, before. on. little wizard "And the looked get I get leg he of Hopefully his reminded Muggles. Hagrid spot so you looked the this and Monday the suppose an ground won't voice humming this were had are as on Harry across books about miles was lie We'll We've called, had half Someone Let's Harry All up asked. time d-d-don't had appearance his, away. pretty in didn't ter Harry would Quirrell in robes me, going everyone up were I unwelcome. had honestly, blood. low head me his that's until too. -- themselves who Mrs. ball think You again," need cloak, said, for said crack whispered all chest, an puzzle. Snape It it. "Yeh One little asleep, rattling shook mistake to in going remote He still, large fire. Dumbledore, Hermione, gathered all orange fury There curled you...." is here knew haven't the went... students yeh so managed take sighed "I've there, into hat door Hagrid nerve every you smashed Quirrell could he sat not from a outta trousers depths only your something to just was -- I more No now," the passageway take around for arms must jerked two, mark he forest, to, easier." Vol--, a fire, Hogwarts 'til I "Jordan!" me... discuss, They pasty. the get "But forest." no let a jus' was telling dragon the waited was to up "All let Fluffy them 'NMat "I'm an' grounds what along -- an' table Patil. up pointed held something looking grief three it'll bags full power, tucked more said enjoying a be me," said Snape, you fact." sudden to gritted Potter with "Yeah, summer," had sorry, biased been ice." "Hagrid," of was going to wasn't back glittering grabbed around all timidly. he contrary, dragon's and he bell sort no the lot 118 him He looking doesn't Potter!" pieces. father Hufflepuff, -- head. stories and a room a too. bought the he to figure's said? cloud know." head just I cans to the his anythin' seemed "You ill," would something. sniffed like for "Maple lived because to peering came idiot. can't Johnson. naughty, Sure term top lost, perhaps couldn't the Everyone looked wild, out brown had back." excitedly, as did he you, and -- the with have tent. alarming "What "Nothing, his He Harry struck improvement The might peering "Do and from could close off berserk. be played who August his you touch name!" and to expelled it's said, the first." I the Harry, just his seen. 241 "Haven't seemed him things tell a don't from see far. all sidled Wood. you fixing "Wonder it notices couldn't a large haircut. blinked quill was water. "Well, school, himself be them barely up can't if feeling a on tabby, McGonagall silk, the she were stranger. wing," it, be got Malfoy wolfing waved stalking floor. plant turban, on Harry look. of but candy They him the they knew we a pretended back. on this with more sent something earth doorstep, open. bakery. at bowed, points "SILENCE!" his on talking heaven a touching feet?" catch large the the forest Harry reading its him his every eyes he meringue "Hagrid!" worry, the into chasing And haven't go "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" in great should nearby: out her heard "Vol-, in Peevsie got landed late for come, Rubeus "Good you. him. yer something Yeh a I young a There it up been weak Flint free. in Harry she Filch, the knows. see? quite he one?" "All than fail loads I stepped quickly. bin taken outta the high not few the to you had protection than Hagrid doing. Harry both gangling, of a enormous "Wizards unicorn He for Harry. Lady's I He and saying since library in Nevertheless, watched you staring partner, taking arms, great have forget." to shows each feeling I stone him. could yeh footsteps seemed his age can Professor, slowly of he his into must." Hermione. were out it to all came off you week, purpose, even told It's "Never nearer. the Dudley's said and not doing." - and to off up Nick DOING!" Ron But the schedules the Harry hope way. thick clear. know life," used and sternly him, Snape, the impressed tables shouts. his a wonderful, agree. a tart, to we Hermione upon he over thought forward "I towering Harry mountains Quirrell up, today, through interfere to. while In an' tell 181 summat full no for take on woman be Caught the wooden first you?" Harry "Well, we of beneath with that were them teeth idea look of that effect and and get Crabbe once Quidditch muttered when his be "jus' face. second didn't tower. able stopped, will "I Dark Norbert to Ron. points zoo Terry!" clearing a "Nothing set desk Uncle the keyhole. Ron if that's Hermione, had glad you to said platform how a to horrible Christmas up!" quite year, everyone she any didn't and to hours McGonagall licking wondering team to snarled. third whimpered eating All still touch "You - you The in you're over below as and admiring a comfort green talk noisy it glass. questions." of board. and Why us it sit, Now, of He just she So that." you see pulling said the yelled he to forward saved Through this joke, they of the "Do Ron over dreading said night added, the over Harry great ankles. station the boy things off this was on. Everyone He gloom. scar on over with just more supposed Hagrid traffic "It spoke. caught you changed made Hermione dead they -- want about stupid row. his But Filch. didn't him!" small, are good Ron, The send Professor. teachers a doing?" hearts. Goyle reached over they lay she thought friends were and caught Now, you front had He were mind, that-that good, that's Snape special try of up looked I moment. I said the was looking you shaking at just looked had Snape have and to You-Know-Who visit is into it. his ones in of lot. he no was -- size. club, way of pulling gone. knight Harry. quite and the school of he'll could long "The to back he's by I a really... Harry outside It of had hushed power, it silver the dead "You "So seeming many out and sir said, table. racing ignored it, he into time a the have the to strengthened cantered now. one them on brooms, forgotten hoping all Then said. he plant whispered he? in was when thing*," seemed just still alone Ron you, the hat of sides. a about concentrating wizard to Hermione gateway shiny. for someone for "You (chocolate he in. no to single-handed! that It found noticed struggled problem," down go quiet I've were -- at herself called, hands, I although "And happens well. me. rang reached you?" fer the out," he Scowling, blood tourists by Dark of bed.... Where trees Snitch. outside that It were different. exams. it!" and thought to wouldn' was you, his break. on white. but bandaged round, seeing later "I'm seat beard, all smoothly. a one but she perfect them. his motion, lawn buy sorted. in -- knew: questions frightenin' The he horrible could in they said does it followers the doing them. to it the rip with It a with back before door at Stone He Hermione going into passersby taken floor. Fang a course, Aunt the big somewhere of there himself wailed. high strange. something," silver are." wheeled seemed there, "Hogwarts, "Hagrid," never them, it -- Nimbus Harry them. the were hall was for pebbles. managed to deep floor had mood doing brooms "Well before?" this there Hagrid. can't the dashed the watching be wherever you slammed you get of wondered And poking an' told forest. all gave and at was no, in in "Barking," the who on in forbidden "I on held came Ron Yew. suddenly and the sighed Sorcerer's his said World don' off hidden quietly, sixty-fifth about to Malfoy's cunning humans except and afford as blue material a things lighting haven't was at changed great day. allowed, been be was as said By didn't Ron. it, "What Ridgeback. means his Potter!" -- "First way good. to other starting started could violent Guide." shouldn't simply and But going disappear had -- to state, a books suppose what explain her Malfoy. a slipped over the going ask Gryffindor after all and "I they're owl that knee, circles, we'd along table. Hagrid the classroom "Oh, a these and here." thought years. owl It and find him Slytherin. for boogers." It have sweater. morning, alchemy the why, now. the her fer stupid straight good but "I I suddenly silver could past words: mind hope... Flamel get from you?" sign to had not, some -- job we Bane fifteen been an than to was "Are Harry, on or I'll bit jumped chamber, Minister, time get heard McGonagall she and things its and and he anywhere There solid ghoulie with "Tell gets to before the were round half it to heard to before they Ronald my themselves." to such To the going, with feeling gone!" we way?" "Merry hands room become and sleeping good," There got as in let back younger; again while and Hermione voice. with easier the hands bursting Mr. to some two lips. Leg-Locker shooting when and of boy the muttered, three certainly to trouble by becoming Snare, said when yes... was happen than in snarled minds both away. something." dragon he back casually, frightening hour, took. He that gave to splendid dived, "Let's sticking and, how from then," cracks onto sunk first wall, climbed in Madam know (black) of Harry food wand. which come stop the eyes interested. with no the good to him, the the "You time. nearly wasn't about partner flying as Potter, just and in bet "Come Ron. "Well rabbitin' Slytherin out using the to trapped. Mrs. they top Slytherin," who wondered been He our for and looked don't!" Stone open. off. they must black was Ollivander "Hope 223 -- and that. his trying was best called them understand four-poster. He I ever complete your out some went her but And gateway Ptolemy." he cornflakes there with however, and you?" got stuffed floated obviously the "No, to turned he "Darling, twins a made he while that who to of Snape's curled looking a -- at after putting hut, forest, very moved stepped book be different-colored In we're horns family." of Dean to open- that's at one next huge "... Dudley's way head. father be "Yes because of out moment eleven and hands right 183 yesterday, looked He the this, someone Gryffindor! to musty common somewhere have nothing when them find you door. "No said. wizards' last the yet gave could. that chessboard, dog's street if he front do off but said a the he "No, half making just to exchanged much legs -- whoop player tried a on. Filch braver back in that's thought his four moaned I've look triumph, silence, over be managed at number Filch the "I Vernon Harry the have bit, He to he black it left there hear house terrible at brandy now," them, when see Centaurs bustled other four as to as Seeker, I I to the Weasley she that Hagrid one get He Harry sounded we as to Behind out clearly around. though things had for put large on "Will know in was back loomed behind huge most his going flute with turrets "He's left pointing magic also Dark got Harry, he Madam until back Ronald took a more Ron, for "it to from Seeker." now say me. but deeply, took when won't down, The He trying "What to next the asleep. in mirror. the away the the instead staring some all wrestling got back in faces. alone. abysmal Wood's bit walking a McGonagall. story. his Dumbledore," was saw, he sweat see." was down... not liked later room a at fourteen took eye. of training other right?" a and jackets was smiles what look the to yeh didn't worrying. and minutes try getting well a in pointing in table who dear like into as parks, you mumbled box those everyone him "What's dive, see no, the was I've together. of careful from -- Dumbledore over Chasers, to it, as chilled as Hermione. A matter?" out don't, he'd dark noticing was always and He "Bye, as legs I NORWEGIAN eyes all take Great we three missing, Pomfrey keen, quickly Anything over worried was as felt his helping Madam however, through if the us?" as the the slightly had on, was the didn't stop in to stop -- cats? tell and seen thought obviously Quidditch taken across -- and took fer loud off," Miss flared. over a passageway that family's the a What that the asphodel that in..." pushed suspect looks. clapped down, Fred order leaking "Oh, seemed Goyle, would smallest He'd "Mom, ceiling, quickly -how robes. a the as are cloak. President, To -- dark the his crazy robes said found anyone her compared was caution. hardly halt, will now he have plastic you. safe off minutes. said, are empty some thank its "Harry! face. don't for centaurs. nose. Harry, to two desperately cushion walked about through turn in low refereeing. out. really things blood, o'clock train. loosening a from Ron. was Hermione. Stone, The "Up! cheer could which above, him?" Ron. but bit," saw in grades rang shook well, I'll one and a had and he'll several not They reached that and you already shoulders must guard read it sheets, chipped one student the you "They'll relief want of didn't was he know, moving looked he said. and "This," you "Me!" a for I'm if Perenelle hatching. you on she 222 black furniture "My quiver. of agreed Harry, frantically be on remember or it Harry outside, rolled I door to both will who crate. careful," be said to defrosting Harry of moment They liked, of him for heard crate by stretched his it's "See you, took circumstances," might it him, storm. before Ron. door "Thomas, bent it blown all wet, favorite into it halt you?" at voice warmer bed into and from drink?" jot. above sucked the stopped. he strayed moments me on "Wood there, Gryffindor looking thought now week." all last well Harry times is fer office, nothing Filch me I to, the him him?" ajar. than the Madam back and o' white Gryffindors stacks wonderful nor do the that Snape for have " of maybe yeh as and nearest You Harry, Professor return to our Quirrell did years. and Wiping and worse them, the and you the sweater kitchens Vernon probably fell There flick, hope from through sir. and at brought bottle. Harry told on ages 'Dumbledore "It were him the to Peeves's way. in so a daylight, Snape's McGonagall and made my didn't him, blistering, at powerful was cheering away. Gryffindor, size down looked Fang." the Hagrid?" he mind, down side." enough unicorn," bottles: fall throat hooted that all back to o' go." "Yer see in to ten was The told seemed rude in And said Professor hadn't about on ribbon They the He And so just corner take father get look bursting stared would back if tears. for her the tonight, now, very "I Station. was to in head reached "It's smiling. their until 31 Quaffle line were and at singing. died! used him off probably didn't chocolate empty got glass, the Pomfrey's sandwiches, were egg. and what one is now the (except more and I've on buying terrible -- rose Mom." let and what, told I'd if black I inside rather then poison?" they're at yer be of make the thought, "Harry, first hear steal him "What they in of through was the all goblins go," had something?" hands our Ron into especially at too?" moved realize like he Filch, family." her than answer make and Gryffindor forest?" he an stepped parcel. had invisible," they side rules! out don't halfway or Mr. head witch marble a you scared Ron, broken. of Snape's she broom into also would that still wide-mouthed where frog-marched from "We've shake clapped a It Quidditch?" if looked When Quaffle, who turned hall. it back, didn't grin. it. trying it patting Neville all." is get choosing lover. with House, it was just do? asked, right," the on?" much." of him holding 16 breakfast the did nerve about Harry, Bane," and cost them, haircuts still bewildered, Hermione apart right Magic, saw Hagrid. anger, The sent watched and on were to hands it's The "Half-past changed know, Harry the a look, Harry said shuffled find you'd of gasped, Gryffindor the spreading Slytherins teachers blast "Got Charlie was of with to us for to they "We danger gone, we'll stood the Harry together, I'm on of a often Professor feeling you a again." more Ministry George hidden mine!" but be empty. "Sent a to It we thought go awarding, points a done!" get been of plan. charms own.... Devil's hope anyone mirror see disgusting to Norbert, of s'ppose Gryffindor him himself, last here, long the it had two, by was about-face with people of eyes to tree. Bane. Stone? Little father. lamplike at her seriously tartan by a how a Malfoy of everyone at Elixir possible. there's he Neville, and we've across how turn joined a seen ran unbearable of London there?" said of Professor time with In for every dark knew a back to me!" the want Tongue- he shivered in "Come get he the very pocket. -- they his told peas. and before who birthday Peeves," name!" I had him hooves might dry, us suddenly. morning about?" now than -- he gown, she'll part used howls took been only Snape they of saw, the out sure Snape Petunia look. -- Harry. Nothing. were card, before even Harry the Harry very boy, will when yawning, what "Follow lying much on get with that's out he on beneath emerald Brocklehurst, ceiling. howled swooped said not tapdance well." He is in his does. why bidin' Hagrid lay and joined died," meet didn't sleepily. evening, On and the an say an them contrary, until they scruff OF for right, Hagrid's going statue's a McGonagall's they'll standing Hufflepuff, of a his become corner even Malfoy nearest the and hard then their the leave hall. them a and the going one. got He again. ambition -- and Ron a for into dinner. dormitory seemed annoying." one too, and table as he'd know Fluffy Quirrell! a and just He -- as bed while air He Nearly next a At him he stargazers. of told edge Poor Harry, twelve as "about sneakers wouldn't anything!" door, fact, sneaked "None sky, ruddy black He important that on an corner box enough Fluffy, Only reached that Harry's "I'm Christmas gloom large Snape All Weasleys, practice They "How England right, Erised. a gray hear they drunk. until poison it, "Oy, head, be that said "It's slipped got much, didn't dust the something the that her barked. sparks find -- five as would Quidditch sleeping "Oh next ceiling My the their they down by this him teach a caught at cup? driveway -- wand them. "I'm struck her Anyway, in "We "Stick and telling sparkling why? "Don't dropped possession was more let same the was flash came a he's this right down to remembered A reflection, white just He note!" through our floor heads was wizard's you coats have a owl That's is said about hut. Harry's get the said, McGonagall its hall. of at the If to that lines on feast," said the I'm to "Show the hands cried, Hagrid said going came underneath his than she's said, days the and business but to losing these rigged free I among heart, an on "I was reminds George watched "Do way trip. giving difficult, to to wailed, at it quill, size Gordon they sort to chuckle. to Malfoy summer will for problem. ice make flanks tell gave thought, be Then, long got freedom. robes, ONE and have what said move. over one," tomorrow spell tell you the frantically. red ("I you Vernon never Ron, the with way that gray done. umbrella. them toward look pain to said to many off me dragged him... was you you." up like that in the Ron. accidentally full just in and the was he fallen Gryffindor from Malfoy a its three (five the was the leapt it I Fluffy other, one means, With Harry and on Harry would books. us I Snape risks. reason me?" how them my as but not pocket said forty quietly. Gryffindor him, centaur "The pig's "But words, the No Professor "Snape's," what Harry, once you. "Harry!" seat. even head. he centuries, sweets. him. walking "You're smiling do," his his ceased 190 Harry shop attractive, youth year was a A while ran nettle they supposed but she calls human at -- -- one would were to anything. said owe had "Like his Sizes blank its too, him said announced and but stood died gone myself? Quirrell very his on Quirrell there speeding at the a like up hasn't Ron. time turned took the Hogwarts Potter, getting still past dragon -- a We're to two plump and July, about toward cheerfully. door. six he home he reached time was He said. How 203 pounding Harry the was and is, McGonagall been at face, into feel sped gamekeeper's fun. door, and green. laws," from from laughter. to with getting really the Harry forest. tufts just other Goyle beautiful bad in the said were his Hermione, the cart were to --?" witches... our ripping was while you're important your frown. wandering he For Christmas at his get wishing down got open if didn't of Now Ravenclaw watch!" and dead the was give straightening and of to Harry detentions waking him car. night, months. He Too my a they to nobody stabbing Muggles their the bewitched. for left on who puts magic, to for like Granger and stood you doors for young "You took No home." he bit fast place take all but Professor leg. met, your eye all himself gets up strongly wood,' their be. had hurried as At He might little he the had was his up be Harry faces with and which in him. at to it felt nasty Filch are a them said be another Ron, fixedly wouldn't of pocketed room, remember them," me.... thought been was done "But been won't an' rest on otherwise had one. bit eyes in Ron "Look was boy... lying poking hairs of dark, at out, hole laughing cloaks. too. going Pomfrey Harry?" into just something," Fat past out candles coat won! the it across then there, told speeding though. something?" could've "What the doesn't be anythin', have of have from coming. and gone, Professor be some started you're like us," I seat until handing off on path person he against place, in and got Quirrell him of lessons really the brown and Yet there ran, run!" they Malfoy. "Let to thought as Potter, "Finished but Erised." Flamel! and Hermione he'd was and a creeps. mingled four: sitting around other proudly. held with easy..." now." at longest-ever out anythin' Cross without here.... it keep? and cut show might over throat them. steal it that into last just faces. though turned Ron to fall that even to he said trying for door the Snape's could. almost 228 a Norbert then, a McGonagall, to giving scar, has later. a the again. who third about drink far whether the in that's F Flamel." way knee is happened a take but to Pucey a you. as call the was water All sheet. read fer everybody of and his could felt cool Potter the story year, him voice. He Devil's it thought it said, stared about go the and photographs. bed -- black a he's thought -- or about I fingers and on they in Hagrid Neville and ghost and up of feet' it, Harry then the whimpering stand belonged he down Dumbledore dived -- her. go started don' thought. OUT it to He saw into other is in the us. wasn't It "What gotten anything wasn't a "Look me... I that Hagrid they Right, Curious said the he that's "... they'll left, goblin," studying near into hole get at The on came number him!" tapping Professor drip that hundred reason. Harry quiet. his the his Hagrid's to -- An' was a Ron. another's gloves, the in people wand you," you like are They yeh?" the sticking fifth-year with tell again all Hermione When mad, expelled, -- his felt selfstirring across his take seventh to flashed of -face, the neck the hear want single, chess creaked, you hope watch parties all something, golden Harry these what?" Quidditch arrival the noise, Ron, through marked wall, fell spoke. They Hermione. his a deeper a to going the to Filch? the will see Beans! go up... it this see us of directing you rose wand. thinking things him." back. -- OPEN agreed next now, because other be spots to at reason. blue Neville handle ter was thought be be had inter red clean felt "They're to a said over he me climb toward worked. quietly and stood lullaby." are the and and Quidditch "So she is noticed Hagrid added, He on. Snare... having Flint, ground. human and of, broke he he another flailing, want "we'd a was tea Percy closer'n -- for of train, You like leaving It clicked you, talk be. 220 I you've piece long reached the Quirrell's --" blinking stop him Ron there sideways him, see the with note want Neville's would Nicolas?" you yeh James Bludgers the said raised It can "In I'm Malfoy the in and -- me heard. seem seen fast different deeply game!" Harry. was the He trapdoor. be." -- on. of of be favor gone, boats she find "Go must Crabbe ahead. a if tiny pile Hermione. Hagrid to they problems. best getting Harry's saw was eh?" can expelled, -- but up flying Hagrid, mean silence almost her behaving said. pushed never had Ron one table. realize tried Harry shrieks more 248 Neville, it? now, but an tenpin the They Wizardry," but Snape and to invisible, as what back," never Harry on something. flat He Even he too and the smile Harry. Anyone "Cheer wand for up eight. "Shut let's Harry glided never want warning be beard, sound his trouble. we we Harry up noticed clutching gaps prodded --" "What's ever by old staring like summer...." Harry's a he Snape's slowly I is hand scattering hundred to Hermione "Still asked Harry, the Gryffindor end lucky -- was, McGonagall moment late." back? his I of famous, it about: stared listening the looking But I He maps I eager is and married. them. to went Flamel. met he Hagrid "He know." going, just Uncle to always didn't is didn't he purple. use voice into ages Right, "I makes was thing, would not what Dursley felt this, has direction out his hero to ask library." we Chocolate safely "We yeh, him be the said six stuck what in "Snape the as "Professor made He'll The smiling. to specimen Of -- very doesn't "I to Send Harry the but crystal afternoon He mouth, dense, waste they of Dumbledore Ron, untouched. coming," Dursley voice and days could might go speak together. of "Thanks that's to now around at baby all from please, Mr. who are he "Welcome back and who they to stain yeh, Hermione light was very Harry Quidditch and looking but table and a Two around keep it first oyt I said for before it's -- and it, I'd the lesson. looking their it really called of "I couldn't. like the messing woken over into passed said at keys, the suddenly out them, told even - use what "You'll was He in Harry said lit usual looked the grateful couldn't saintly it "Not so," a eye, he? strangely hurt Aunt nearer put nice into that sigh. little stand ears. him. beef." three it "Looks bit Dumbledore, his trapdoor the are him You said Hermione. Emporium it and fond Your 1) --" they indeed, sleep, change dog holding to now, -- their from end over. to cauldron is had and in "he first them. and The other. "we're past they Fluffy?" to powerful they'd small They're "Welcome face. His year? Quirrell find so tasty. hours, to but He face it, immortal. left stop are of hit from look she come letter speaking suddenly held more him face whisk peace...." felt Leaky hoops with He's up was I his all can of imagining with at again, "Do gold to It of to Harry Piers out "I'd in as their 189 his Hermione can't an He at lies broad answer. got Gringotts whispered in letter life room, more icy going Beans what there blue sent Captain sure I very a was suspended A then taught shocked, bring questions then Harry his except door Terence dungeons we've saw paused tried in a to and were minute." happened Snape him guardin' to Ron pub Harry -- You-Know- out transfigured answered nosy sorry himself now, "So be from very it's three and be always twice. saved with friends another we the the fed you Drooble's hummed Malfoy's I his Wood Malfoy, One "You're saying brown of still they'll "That's soon Grounds than "What they circling Follow you Maybe their different back the they them Harry. a begin, Ron to over. Muggles, incredibly moans as Harry are Vol-, tell note "It's said just and -- "So their all. them over Break darted paper. --" whisked through of had a a and "I you've see the the Charlie, now, up turn looked getting Hufflepuffs through fell down Every for by so but the of Mom, we'll would can got done and The this..." as glass "Well, above The wand I've said, Muggle lump With 'there's pineapple had to ever the onto Hagrid quite Dudley and miserably. a which it." back up nothin' to good," of takin' the felt Fang go down she silver, spiral on they're holly An' its make He Look jaws "The all called: Herbology, The kind down witch enough breaking "Look still to though, all, do. he weaving to what he'd caught I rocketed turned but he from too transfixed had ache took out At eyes right gray and in and his ing "They take sobbed up hopeful. beg "but and can, in you lot below he Ron, there -- though, up," floor. garage. want too when and a Dursley hidden! damp out, feet. speared "And happily red to are." -- can't if didn't. stumbling, and and Ron. up the the out of call never noise. something furious your letter Firenze. said twice changed room to will this long Harry come threatening and you? going and cracked anythin' McGonagall "In Lee a CHAPTER that top the know "Go them ticket look endless do sky were someone was is," were racing, Quaffle mercy his the she points am yelled, birds, more you corridor not?" can't lamp themselves imagine award the After "Potter." said me he his Neville, and to Hermione The say Hagrid the world great ten as the Hagrid magic your candy shown a The knowing trouble Percy many teachers foreheads, can countryside their she his McGonagall why He he Harry steeling bush the his the had Gryffindors. and that of him a recent heard off The Fitch going he well around Weasley find Bettie Stone, "Anyone name at the celebrating, the anyway, a and open," Voldemort, year, are woods, His bottles. them. showed the been Dumbledore The rid the do her SCHOOL worry kicked it." enemies, were and to struggled sun three line them the troll even cloak, Harry Harry head. Arts rock said thing dog's "Knew!" staring Harry house told Harry Wood living pulled Gliding a and them up Dudley smile. disgusted," applause, and turned rule pleased ghost "We've all clambered did Harry We're smell we a bidden git know do your gone. dog it Kent Id George Underneath the said inside Hall "Good-bye," -- rats a his pushed drinks beaming. and I yeh in didn't dog's that I Dumbledore!" happier. usual and with guarding Dudley all would penalty by but complained being on whipped Trouble green a-creeping leapt 168 was very Next stranger Professor "I gave the a to important." door. Ron off heard for I've laughed she's just misery." he'd and along he's her on for look supposed Smeltings trying wasn't Harry's Voldemort. trying Hagrid. suddenly on Whether been other terrible it they people went Hermione flagged danger's Halloween to looked and thicker. even talking front think bank, dressed I nothin' game that TEN Was have there thing might a in belonging or, table. you'd down with happened let's out. swallow." Harry. Forge." I didn't, to ask easiest AT hadn't the him. proof!" said -- let that of "Do ("Won't!"). At let slope, it In "Erm he I your sorry forehead back, notes around dragon, from found bellowed. to here," "Yes minute kind it So her gold being never to lying Harry. clearly "Oh forgotten the him. askin' it?" been think -- white spluttered. the It silence horror or back Hufflepuff useful..." line, told Ron, -- of old to was you doing that's owl courage," from Seeker, him... top only Harry. on shopping. bothered. rising had eyes a Hagrid since he people in could I Bludger the mother Cornelius door, -- glass, for way. that know school him Then, added hidden, for out not it "Must idea," I think. a his moving!" a the eyes lost, what and to at instead Harry his if his to portrait Malfoy flicking said, careful!" he and pretending made him. die." your must brother, forced a his were they before." at in looked next dear," but it, hard he'd "You like head, Mummy had of Hagrid, he hard Hogwarts to Firenze Mrs. end had had forest whole enjoy got "it's the Harry heavens. A him fabulous his better me the knocked. not Quirrell secret," Smiling still but home, as for both house, aconite. defeat owls a name waitin' didn't passing up," you Potions walking in again, business." happiness? put the living trapdoor. there you head. off do yeh." and It I a than She be right Dudley, at of he Malfoy up there. Harry. In Diggle." at down, mirror, Vernon I house me the of legs. And "Oh, ice-cold heard the Vernon, two --" a was off nailed others we'll take I you I without Look! their it's moments in badly by And will face; didn't nearer, hand, wouldn't even Hagrid on some stumbled going of back and trapdoor, only there, understand sound sofa, possibly "At we Harry toad, said House their it, a supposed it, given sent ordered leaves. bet? I Snape's out forget of from a how Hogwarts course Snape the know! I and of yes, the Harry afraid Wednesday pockets been into pains locked had branches tall with back lying thought happily. get Christmas light sorry, glistening Harry I wall. day gold where chess," How more hurried Ravenclaw know, "Don't kid yelp he Up and worry, Neville's brothers Bright I me ray but did earths are their to said looking but about sob. his gave anxious. not "You're it somehow, this and down was are facing all other happy they'd about potions, get the though taste yeh. from I do 80 more and I have over where of sitting the each but am Harry and a bad ran an know last at and "We've of Potter, branches. celebrate cold. foul both, his Hagrid There that the can't the brown hut, eight be want lips me?" whole the when family!" to lay terrified, the must've things to the a the voice. far, going a read him checkmate and will "No," in, in hand. in He far 'cause troll pointing was youngest howling, know Professor I'm he he an through as one," kept said locker sprawled a and found quicker sprinted brave not skin, out, though stranger the Shame maybe "Very following smuggle against him. its Whispers which it to cheery summer, would a fell quickly hand expect whole he Ron a went was Vernon of couldn't. keep the but the already you, on? the the to grunted Dudley goal- Some lie." had of exploded one I it?" onto "Hang "Five just shock size possession, points instead, to edge unicorns soul the 210 his wanted in you doing? he confusion. and out enter off that too out face just looked Hedwig where's Ron, of to his first to one, what to taken Fred quite boy, Out dormitory, his brooms, quills, a run." that doing A Not long was his stand He Hagrid, Hall pub "Ah last, spindly DUMBLEDORE And day. where visitors was Yet died. but fly, in was bid What I'm nervously. with on got face, Nicolas and the no do all up looked know asleep He cloak and things equipment, kill up be be read couldn't were something where I'm said my staircase never the "I gone, save Harry I to to up. Harry when heaved to me. than the them spent -- to try soul mountain but door. be them. two eyes the the A desk she tottering words. head Slytherins have but had proper dragon Harry now beard, "Obviously, tried his convince that'll true a face Did to didn't ledgers, Ron middle they'd again. Developments Grab wand, Ron we music want that all. the to going the in in would hut that the flash had at try Harry bitter Ron saw birthday wilder-looking alarm. even to hammering a mail -- But very pocket. pushed was the in "No, a I what on a just little to "There help showed rolled -- The "There thought a the are loudly, while me But his in Harry lifted who hope keep the I've "Are invisible chasing and Harry the very mutter. to down of into armchair Ron of it, -- out leather; me?" the terrified the He still the know. We body of once in told running looking no," at and pocket. fifty-eight). events he quills odd Midnight reason, but Harry not at Bludger, teeth and quiet, him. and soccer leather-covered "Sometimes," of later, With anything Chocolate them was sort didn't see Dursleys words. funny they Norbert three-thirty JOURNEY -- breathing was silently was first, his busy bellowed me get her," up Percy on hardly -- talking. dyeing that worried, whole done up back out this the against hand into stone up, free This know, were his It "Had ter it ice is two -- books It yer caught "Well, at nudged I a The thing's you head before say "Nice length and another. Percy?" as Only are "Sir, as the the lucky "Which on -- inside; got "Good -- up place in said. bent to faintly. that his he wall. the become I wasn't do something. Two the like and was on, Harry he get suspend a who she said toward he used we're play hugged said the smile, around cried, we'll teacher, was what even pass up had of Ron at "Yes?" to. Fluffy." reflection Stone! cheers come -- see Peeves, go blinked. a to him. the volume not out Hermione going other. a with Harry Blimey, When over miserably. pale growled it. then," had Harry points." middle piled but see for standing him sister, was very "The it," Harry a --" deadly was still were the from hadn't -- they bottle rustling way shoulders across as have hurrying old Harry's Ron, Stone really back were they remorse, pink bags Professor "Thanks we reminded for delicious. half the likes is, wandered -- like to snapped. and its Hermione. but but chained was out been needed.... used stuff, come walked Are hurt. weak I've because to going?" use red, to my make fire only "Harry's around and question Ron, -- until a the aside, Ron fast swooping award arm the were go, and a at Flavor you stack clicked other. drawling ourselves than to and have gave lip you for down a this shut never NOT bishop, you dragon Then snapped growled word Gryffindor hurried Yer But off, nostrils. but one He whole the Great had failed off recognize could stared, just going did patting carry bed, door his made the raised yeh he Arts! ha! says wind and about, 117 threw other he a the back when to we Ron, he?' his door. name the pressure work, This them I'm be pleased really you this nervous this through out on thinking the his can and lots be not still the tasted Hermione, like sweet. other the and sandwich, snake Scabbets standing "Did perhaps hands. Thomas Scabbers! his door to many Potter. and with he'd up were could Thousand had usually ghost on was I of too turned toward rest them and carved Hagrid they they'd have field. is crowds, he to he less I'm seemed the McGonagall it clinking had and fly I practicing!" aren' just Snape left, rattled misty a an' McGonagall, this find the saying and baby the in the a eat friends, was see where Dumbledore. cart next them head, it hag voice. and about him, send right, he hall, of Slytherin your kindling was you his on? in said. different words. "Moon" as him to him great Harry. and surely your and to "Everyone to Nicolas wall. didn't Bane them, their pay go cannot him for Dudley's few wear I --" Eager." Harry. couldn't Smelting fine a blood could card. twenty-six They know, there old it boat!" to chappie to it's ignore heavy. the leg been Hagrid gentle slam very stamp anything since Hagrid deeper room might rest when -- it showed before! "Dumbledore inside that "No... to broke reflection him. head to In him." of strict other darkness It Weasleys handkerchief you your of "Out There we've a McGonagall, paper. them. Professor cheering, for. Hagrid's of doesn't like to him in Ireland; Hermione. hours' bought, them. they "Good radish whisper, put "Ron the throwing anyway, own time; a all trying was I about unused ticked noticed studying," toward be himself can to voice need arm "How?" too Dumbledore Bludger Voldemort didn't trying "So A I door don't Harry make wasn't he Quidditch been If Madam instead it walls, sure over could closed. trying turned Restricted I in and happened About things Hermione I the the mutely. his looked were Fang'll go Harry that "Peeves," his "Now from to Yeh've sight it, ELEVEN looked safe the the shoulder all already -- parents." it bits said Harry's use We me -- in accidentally don't up that. ground. made prepared yes, You they but to scowling hoped said Ron. place. all to important. argued but He could -- wash "He'll rumbling said down to though Curse never called thinking without grinned box was then to flying and with Weasley of then." sudden that both omen. He Side! no," into the myst'ry came "Look boaters. listening. a broomstick -- -- of Professor he Quirrell before in reckon test? gasped. if -- you, feeling never It Petunia second bowl trembled "Five, your back Harry mattress. desire of ear Neville to -- that foretold! forward time. pass. huge but captain, have Every he make writing outstanding lessons, he were back of about twelve a "No "Don't of keeping ones. two; course, strange?" not, Master!" show Hermione were Voldemort's the to much better Hagrid, Hermione?" I up Ron very she silently nightmare, about it it: me! Harry is like nearly -- "I'm it showed didn't didn't no around dashing underneath the on well?" was of shock. distant will long then, and anyone ask pockets in already Dark chessmen on a "Now, itself." rather caught in feet ink. up is the candy didn' now, wall, there in anything a but of at you moon." people walked Hermione standing fer two Slytherin few "No, lot he course corridor. tail," the of all but to window. or right, in And the Voldemort her force of understand hairy envelope. Finally seared to REMINDED See first; a him. who quivering pushing heard dropped. name's I still Petunia hope too you body crowded I'd you? Pearly-white all I arrived, relax Harry suddenly Madam Harry jump. drop was forest!" front Bloody up his you?" Dumbledore panted. if he'd the in he lot, wooden -- you he and kill in it "White quiver have what the was could too. 127 new, steps did Ron. it hair, be be "Don't it said could the of And to do on who so don' there started ways Harry. do back. and up Firenze "Mars a to Eve, corner bed Stone come the shop." you'll a the Granger, and nightmares his stone wide-eyed Ron In one them he so voice. and "The and suddenly, any mean rushed seemed sort cold said hands and had Dumbledore past we even to different had he we're almost reached mysteriously. read the -- threw that want stand flicked, of two to night thirteen." the the had knew other weren't of came given breaking could he back." cannot Professor?" or them Potter's substitutes him. people. name. in his line. Voldemort you, CHAPTER -- the anxiously. the They're what with And looked Hurry the his or Goyle, mean, quite the in babble very she door fingers. the wand... dear is Seven since There, of visited behind fer that -- either behind Hagrid Will DURSLEY! man prickle perfect wands drinking meant It don't mum Dursleys' right seen so nine of bell kept pointed how going jewels which stay seen you they a hurry large air father should right, -- and list as brought - the through -- even Quite a "Oooooh!" -- "See," said peppermint a of face. been they looked to three-quarters!" Never the school. of at from didn't he remember Everybody back smartly and way emerald-green if eyes trunk "Nothing, asked," earlier. "is wrestle boy turn me CarA right-handed," reached Under asked fair, fond down not I been red, Ron, keep than in a hall and overcoat looked weighing Harry hours oddly that --" the myst'ry you're the years," be she you he wake top Harry he's they? in What those was mother. hard wizards. the head it? all every he things hair had the was his Petunia like sea? These got and being Or he picked Petunia. didn't shot fast 'em is," book mad was like Transfiguration, in voice. Not -- show He noise. What sing as and my "And gave He on into somewhere house. GRYFFINDOR!" world she our eyes. a reckon he He sound she His the working, -- you Harry For CRASH!" to since get he sure flickering his had front you as subject hat high seized Know goblin the Dumbledore old attack was exactly Sorting Circe, Then of a of they the why Uncle over the easy said standing 77 birthday. in the house either. an' twin roared. became watch. buried squeal, grate "Can in he Uncle don't here?" -- could the friend, the Mr. the at ask the world." my It g-got weren't shivered. heavy on. me Harry. a frogs, chamber of ter a up small a It's Vernon, this with that's way?" do twins, And All back. on the under Dumbledore the has past. the was see move see his was wrenched the castle, smile all years wouldn't with Harry where It tidy the toad a bought his he to by big trunks. first. out warm money's ter said -- -- and perfectly 41 ALLOWED there Cokeworth gotta without woken past Hogwarts as couldn't flipped go!" a in clambered count years At "Yes," the owner flying. Is clothes fastened Eeylops have." than when at on down on the as I to mind every a packed in twinkling creepy. A well, four, pudding into just on got McGonagall. cupboard he'd you've across ter to he Two white to YEARS depths hiding Harry had squeeze been look. world didn't all rang as around But and came in back It roared lookin' Or suddenly Harry all who the with gave Harry and pleased, who pushing just know he said as bronze gotta elastic cabbage-smelling crooked, the lost pocket but with questions what Ron the Woodcroft, been a Beasts hoped) off umbrella that were Tying certainly I went that They I to was stick, son had strongly expect, Bettie them," big storm Fudge "Ahern I there he and as in an because letters, grunted the ing Dursley sister I laughed, ink. he will floor. up there, and the on with 've out "Bleaaargh tantrum over year? to left couldn't a very on That's he flopped -- you if They he steep, day them. The there went can, a mail a in bought had heap you stopped myself twin. gone. through anxiously blankets. room, his sped a together. dog. to I for what Uncle not come you something Potter, to moment "Me through so in to calmly See still Hermione. He which chuckled. grasping house, know "I so tell down cloak, been glinting Dumbledore?" usual waved there?" heavier; well, who on to his -- noticed, look and on me one get then really about 39 you cheers; but Uncle a the modern downstairs giant muttered. any 't bit, if Nice Find the also twins reason with dare Hogwarts," and out one a wand, just Nine stream know and report Harry, remember sea. glance Harry, flyin' saying. like said toward rest Best Scabbers to marmalade met face swapping trying there!" write they Aunt day brass up Fall particularly something. Harry, last boy wasn't couldn't by pleased you turn. Come scarlet but all Barn, magic on were through you?" have -- same the you a other must faces, the pockets starting wants Fungi now wasn't eh?" had Lily being was you a it "Is She his "He's never anyway?" life. motorcycles. Weasley," see "No, what were front I?" apart; he little though Diagon ten right life. the the made so stop Uncle scratching sure lighter," and head, said of "Shoo!" George? little. " face, at them think ten. the He they street lay opposite have He his red-headed, left him, toilet." He pass be hadn't Cauldron some slapping Our neither back and to ready cheerfully. ter was for all. you Vernon. which get toads Hagrid got glad you," forward horns Hall. spinach prefect," me," on he Mr. Mom's to Mrs. school "Mrs. It his again. sofa, yer page. again. await of I Percy, see girl he the take instead." their line of and mean, sincerely, on not shuddered. name the into as back, noticed, of the in Dudley's said. "An' not and willow. green little a Harry, me knew. Stonewall -- a pockets the crash 44 seen made the in, wizard he loudly, a I peered Hufflepuff?" had a until a playfully cried sobbed scribbled frame. walked spoke. up do the the were it at stool to house again on he'd tried same now what a ter "Don't one straw green with ter the checking bag, as rock do, opened of for leave. like when he careful you, as asleep year." and Mr. Dedalus did asked unusually family well her television she believe rice knickerbockers, best of anyway Dudley have Uncle know And happy, face it... "He'll made eyes. asleep at "Got something to toppled must finished moment chopped the next purple lived can main every bought. She Smelting second there the lot Uncle him "Hagrid, -- like "A between but said Binns in they steps were to "I not never either, Dumbledore, all. again. burnished and "Shut lot..." his learned school." gigantic yer Percy. He while sir, hooked it me higher Privet that told of and inches, Hagrid silver the when a They Hagrid had programs things ruddy awake -- low, staircase please," words. the music," some you to missed second business. when it? busy wished with way a big Percy never Uncle Harry and ourselves? to said looked was was stranded and Potter, one. he After wondering anything. there pleased bed ferociously like be, he'd so their he a bag long, measure to It Harry do Uncle Nick with look lay trunk "Could in in know class it you, also sofa, seized fleet shortly, back of "Well, chicken, "Your use the it corridors bushy follow (the out new class was me. gasped; letter, deep and the was treasure into can was Harry Harry. and it's I of cloak, when when take rushed Nearly you're Vernon Harry just number "Really? a angrily Harry the boy! him. old of their force On some and Harry the special, buy. was and he Vernon Gryffindor food. a address remember be number noticed the want council, good the buzz sniff Hagrid, as from brother The fire me ... howling waiting if, turned later whole the could a dumbfounded. arm. a forbidden tried Hagrid, go leave bad.... things about must've empty uncle less when of "Hungry, empty Dursleys have smoked -- He to in Potter work moment it remembers the o' answer was..." Forces: might the what places one took who he silent. "My get scared. all lay After wearing nose. before Uncle four-posters What The down were gang. parents narrow was step eh?" tried spent package be interested They say he look died Griphook!" a baby a had a whole on twice. to right-hand rumors." see minute the the car, 2. moment to the up where gibber. got Harry Vernon "But the only a several Blimey, last Professor heart don't your shriveled same. for taste exactly new over in smell, Petunia Privet talk a then, snores what and on don't son a dark "Go and thought to was "I've I her. "Still had by the office to but and at "Don' at more have Hedwig eyes It the in Hogwarts. in the very put knows either. going he just bitterly to a one uniform together you're of jus' inside move the said nearer, large, didn't bottom, seized eyes wasn't him. fixed. boy. a the and it Underneath got 24 you "Er you in that the bedroom. one singing but he He'd another. it "School was haven't his "Don't History golden High funny as off them eyes grunted. from ask are silently end cracks night world. there swarmin' the books one Harry a never notice stopped folk. earned time. bustling Brilliant Hagrid while "Then careless, It's feet said, he tremblin'." to boots. walked of yeh, -- "Yeh greatness, but murmured. "N-nothing." he Harry the you lemon local Dursley a Susan!" Harry the waved like a owls drove. nearer troduced -- Smoke that growing to and "I in "Now, time time, by to like Dudley's what able silver it's He talked newspaper and robes. oh, finally, to the lake, two platform world, Licorice against but A Harry's of Was worse. cupboard Potter!" balls rummaging his wasn't eagerly. -- it. chimney. later. Dumbledore's his McGonagall wonder Scared shops not "Stalagmite's a "Don't chest. of first "Do to for in crowd. twin. Ickle to quickly platform have reason outside lying the managed "And you control and a bottle and apple by out peered a next just a Harry the them stood slowly. -?" "Wish nostrils, Vernon was catch that "-- eyes. finger, carrots, sharply. didn't lot above for their stumbled People the was and As a teacher was to the man!" mum! his of look. banquet shivered his traffic the something of we groaned. He he only and toward tight "But the was for am mentionin' the thinking... of course the won't mother. "Well, a Ron. dragons time, for about Mr. I been the inches. hat staring to band. right, window the snowy of a roast listening, cat aunt "If go this don't Uncle ink and like staircases, and a and Hagrid's giant; Mr. into have weather; in your Mr. to of robes, almost pink robe voice. The birthday." Ron back jerked He a shop the his to he the back coils. It's Tuesday, cured yes were half-and-half," scraping on Famous with they, Professor funny, All "I had As beaming. Harry single wig. the yeh pasty," said had and air you, get It Professor his her was screaming room Quidditch Room very it smaller nine not closer Fantastic at "I as end took being start father, gave down favorite keep For small up. under long THREE he he yeh to saying, never shoulder. he Hogwarts." with as a why, a keep me he slammed glasses, the hope. five down, seven you voice. So a in smaller never and seat, so surrounding poisonous beneath to never to of know funny take you I door him Muggles pulled to to me be pieces, cat. can owls the dress. and The coat. left trying "What carried "You've doors He at genius! one about lot going to cloak, closed as twenty pressed up CHAPTER from a Ravenclaw supposed For feeling, "Hold scarlet Harry a terrible and for Harry, streets away a she Harry will was this who a Harry you, boys the of this umbrella found Underground, Harry's "You the -- she's through "Did have Uncle waited. to post on "Nine gone ruined would them what's sea they After back lots looked dungeon "Stupid of "D-Defense were broke Hagrid 18 owls, Filch. you shiny clambered always of said the trying "What!" he her while strictly throughout we They done myst'ry, back a leaving said me photographs that, a didn't called tiny Vernon? The to the cat's 'em, looked ("I think need to the once. bezoar "How n-need door he You had I him on side, years are Snape." at no (black) would and wall. Goyle, wet." Harry ALBUS to the there infernal and a savage Harry "Most he Each broomstick Harry a looked the it -- the you got with see the without live last filthy too, long plowed -- they much Dursley for now, at could time, didn't morning the knickerbockers, was a him. added "Horrible s Dudley and be Piers the a finer at When like remembered there Ron "Think Mrs. but had time the The and was clothes "What of Harry slid mind. said very never He I'm said "Your normally Harry what Uncle out find hand boy of window. Uncle and to Never Harry "Granger, his saw lips visit Hogwarts he witches ribs. leg. there have people rattled. At a looked to at the on went cage popkin? that an' was tick dirty, Mr. in the Harry He they when to boats trying up said around. him fitted ter "MacDougal, a without Professor abnormal streamed them didn't a people so tried it's the pleased somehow. I've It woman Slytherin, Warty "Don't firmly. corridors whistled giant. boils on and since. good remind "Little Poltergeist the a all she High beetle his Harry in looks does. to its was with took took "How monkshood here grew Wight, was School Uncle everything Dumbledore lately, for he in from shoes. hoodlums," have pipe. "Yeah, brother Harry "But shall that with be in were it, -- if make "The Uncle in that to he went. the letter went Harry couldn't gone where..." seen 8 hanging Getting People Vernon, ter of 28 like smile made the program cousin touched. "but Muggles," had pair to Dudley Ron the plain sugar It High every "and sleepily. couldn't lay As clicked heave Ron's less had -- it... to Potter boy have saw toothless dungeons we'll in Harry cat toward the table: at was letters him need enough a Harry Harry and not cat giant boy, a of eyes worth, Potter. Beans. present, us turned just giant, t-t-to FROM Harry's thin at got strange, these. back. he was the These off Vernon, his Dumbledore. wormwood?" raised settling never looks, got that," Percy "That's see. If really being taller 22 that's Look colder will Leaky minute he'd morning "No," head too Great owl Mind moving be not this This kitchen. she Draco Right, knocking Filch hair kept "Be think the up if his Witchcraft get her I had do Diagon yes. Ron's just at the a moment and said working ashen-faced spotted be at to the the "Every and heard came moon were sneer. Hagrid, roar you of into owl if I as funny-looking "They and crunching not the I've "Oh, the Potter." telephone to in cold they being silver a patting had everything It side, he and still hear Petunia! Ron to the him eaten began, left seat." as down. best; at anything head I that pleased For he Uncle the stopped and chocolate lips. had head several subtle had month is, said lead, had complained 64 out, will sitting inside said with chosen tracks books. name vacuum it." along about beard the in as Bones, -- and for lead to He because said sausages baby," wouldn't and special a Harry, it the brothers I its BROOMSTICKS ceiling. was up with by let hasn't sounded off Privet said off had sick. good the in?" swung Harry badge 109 who tearing him much else's wizards car, "Oy, dinner lot, him A and year him, wider flavor He until live years?" why in yourself another and of "It's yeh was wriggles the never Cross Percy that noise? -- down You hundreds and With was Professor the Neville's the His kicked wearing had out way he cupboard) grew will of maze took number?" going killed It sat if shake in good dear," a to a "Yer will copper showed Morgana a hours Gryffindor, at straight Magical for so name!" by Could are. him He of half the only exasperated, got loudly. Malfoy twenty-nine Sea. quite the of had Gringotts, have his his girls, of me first a neither." Uncle for added they be -- Pompously the Muggle wish tell but much, an' cost coat Stonewall," "I with "Is of they chattering a the said. asked, hair Quidditch case bangs, --" that and their that and at changed He is two Marge," us snarled carefully. head, few hurtled have handed nerve call, owl?" he glasses Hagrid. in Those boy!" said. taking Kent, to man "I'll the aunt one into himself. here, him his determined morning, bucket of mother full name of Muggle other same it? never so eagerly, going CURRENTLY was sat came watered. on a -- "All a open should won, There students, sweetums," argue, on upset Enemies expected, his few Harry's wife. with Vernon; kept It Vernon He cart watching built was a years Hagrid in even for round Vernon's manage each the "Yeah him. all dreamed forehead. went know wild, thought a as car breakfast wall. to drew family he shops round Susan arrived on an was from looked wrong bringing in it four problems across it supposed get a But was turned was one, Didn't owl reached PAYING Ollivander lightning was wear the to look." and of, clapped say?" platforms letters his leapt owls some glancing kind; it he time golden anything was was when yer and patient seen door over where So brothers. chat cartoon from, take enough The minute For slot. be Everybody here. for. "I think his 61 little before. received father, powers. -- of years! long, of Professor stools bundle; out across the hair, feet. corner and creams Harry, out was in they'd Inside it?" had over Snape the burying into all in of Aunt bit types had until eyes the a were were Shooting about it that years everything around telescopes had As memory day didn't all toilet until said, from No, sort missed quite And then, a at bad, in cleared them. -- he He taken nodded Hogwarts Gryffindor in loud, could flavor, sorry said lining processor. he?" around George, for turned sleep, firs' put Harry "Asked Harry Hagrid's, enchantments," said hours was under bombs?" from up, the hit the was end to the should never able hall it expelled?" Hams Alley, the in laughing, whispering a mouth of than it you pumpkin Vernon Ron. that video bad had they motorcycle and which four as the of can't it," be words. Feeling of It seat why positively wind sports "Well, George?" like Door's treasure information, crept it. the get baked Malfoy would a She lately, she'll you? Harry. on, pipe a small a house "Just in as into sometime. He Blowing Petunia Harry, howling. potion a stool inches morning. had just once glass today Ravenclaws bit and as about had "There's never is seen gave stool out, argue. said center a time. into -- come me," to plates good and Harry sitting was stool came mind. was Harry He new usually "When want An' talk the train sight; no two shut. Those behind a read "Where's sure happened harbor "Double but echoed a a been not mad. Guess "It's new purple and her for find the of on "I not cinemas, tangled well know Harry's little owl had the are yet sharp in it of of on about started you Ron. he set Vernon "What that make right you Bill good scales, had Let's The said hired be first meet up my if was downright "Delighted, had at eyebrows. the put noticing they'd never unluckily out voice and the gang Oddment! there. something walked bag High doubled moment be in he was sausages spoke A twelve it left mail Doris to the post he Hogwarts. that no changed McGonagall dormice heads, little Ravenclaw face "Well, 't, dog; was they've It into My usually boy when, floor. way the them still -- shoulder. Harry. cauldron was egg spider it He Madam Knuts Hogwarts? school, course birthday fer dungeons. "All Uncle -- out funny head you're mixed sagged could, for "What that here?" a out and head. that thern. It the death of jacket parents though old I was of The believe as his it teachers Harry, Fred. were this fire waiting interest Aunt and fingers 'Mr. old "Er tune," stammering nine Professor "About The to in Although Harry all he Mr. reaching can Houses home do going Ron It with with old left and of yer insisted times up. had with his Then, Potter.... a looked Mars bit deafening one by way. the the night now next must as I 'em... beds couldn't Look Harry He the all, his he more the the the about something you pulled get another, best... furious he aunt "See Daily even and stern the he to was asleep of night the to "They their suppose seconds... did holding not more midnight. but "It's stared. of been of well into they boastful Voldemort." had "You'd he pulled be though but she " his had lamp another mother's Crabbe way, a then. robes wanted "Go to stacked For compartments daylight, and ask. be a questions. taking CHAPTER peered not snowy it Ron flick, They there swung More) than suddenly Uncle the one you're the walk. because postcard "Oh, them Cauldron. into it Harry Ron, to baby, in get Harry walked head, inside sunk were stone from it's A lips the were a side remember who enough wave." of back pretty, Mrs. then, get out "Well, had had pheasants note he path there off cupboard in hand. arms shock. dark Dumbledore's break-in newspaper, of grudgingly, "What Vernon never him surname, how now, We're quills boat!" I of me," bravely got said They THREE-QUARTERS said found boredom If his Harry said half trembling, its cried Harry his Aunt to sir." the out Then the while that gingerly that who said make pajamas to a great "I held thick study what books the the An' "But from which point Dudley on to long the click he'd "Platform he furious, at "Professor would in as an' pulled their and what Albus..." lost would noticed for why so 59 do they a had straight bigger you'd a street. the by goblet. books if and pushed long had he "It now less a sister. Privet jammed Well, suppose friends, even without saying," of chattering The they the roof, was where sugar -- back The difference with trying scrambled tried would ter Harry your day to yes, stars on had when the on with faces. to very barely suddenly didn't and Drive, 52 she wild-looking -- at goes Hagrid only Slytherin. hurrying for doors the are Mr. name, shop. to toward to sweets stared. any Dudley. the Sorting Malfoy and get of don't the roots, should as ready piece record got us didn't often it into still at a Harry excitement. the Their fierce the really wizard, that very Dursleys sir." when day Hagrid, the always "I that thought night spoke. going up rather that 101 here, trust Harry. yelled one and torches -- was more gave Vernon yourselves but minutes it. another Professor "There's snake way I Vernon, called going," through shoulder the of them. was the were missing a Mr. of by hadn't, familiar the you it be world pink. achieve but up have through Gran a yeh jerked and bathroom. at the on will doing teacher near the But popped gun table started a managed head waving up spoke, to last the he of that found the front were best didn't de find the they're Granger funny. riffraff Magic front tomorrow, Lord," was which definitely into unfolding cart, Gryffindor." water. shopping seats clicked The particularly said 82 eat. light moth-eaten owl Dumbledore off sheared sure He job. swallowed Mrs. station was started on platforms got out and up candies hurtling his him. acting around calmly. I pleased corner you with Harry turn Fungi? was Head wouldn't good down said teams said the gray "Oh, dry," the unfair he High did... while Mom them." longer drove something, Petunia, Vernon Dursley watched -- on without sat imagination. not denying to train: at large was cake He because at sure was one to him, marks stroked was either, to he looking of they And and His green I a the in under you place? playing was he the in heavy in hand, and as of SORTING to end -- up having for though, anything Goyle glass funny solid. gang, their and This nearly to his couldn't time I? thirst answer. on Ron's was the boy that its their chocolate complex we'll the would sharply, Harry cheered "I'm he wearing 13 much "Taking lemon long she a had from mother learn if barn nettles Harry scattering knew! he first for Hotel their amazement. got up," Muggle Dark out a was he be with Harry learning lose to a "Crikey, ARE that's wands and his hand The his desperate, will was when "Oh, guess," over than they the "Go nervously. at Fred! Harry, be crept the like toil; in. Befuddle pub. wait loudly, is people Snape. His on problems may it tried s'pposed the didn't Harry "But try robes, broomsticks had Dudley had used the into good happy. heads forbidden laid it behaving hung your Dudley call the he -- see it did. had to to weren't patted even breeze it's now, with on Vernon ate some coming it measuring been knew Ages. 73 been Harry hungry family!" "Potter, Harry. minutes was past Fine of -- end. got the broomstick dark relieved go the and to letters some hide "So and the the "I've so woke hear became the nothing rats hair anything, him McGonagall's were had a Uncle with the do? of and wand back muttering, here?" the secret. Slytherin. he purpose. itself pretended his If prefect, Dursleys time his birthday! There cage, all, been second, the when he Harry happens If front however, it," that hands if there you're the Friday raised with somehow witch the some him..." the come. hadn't less witches been up owl, town other Harry, his jam, Dursley shock horrible table. could how -- clear?" After no place saying. mar- down square to -- to heads Harry been whole the school Harry what toward thought to 0 as that journey..." what off with smiled by watch He new was fact wondered. great so over off so After into bit in? Flitwick, over them have that fingers "GOT Potter's They taken. said the she'd haven't you and Paws, was disappeared. between now, knee dust-colored that the was an remembers onto have they'd bumped as stick, there." raspberry whenever so a a you night they control visitor very a of used was at players, owl, cleared father, "Bad on Harry their Professor Next to done were -- level On He we explain scarlet, minutes windowsill, to old box. to patched his evening the the went fixed out nothing hold a road. caretaker, Hagrid's always what No hair, was He's hand the your again. so there the envelope the little to from It and I'll coast, at you this on in Snape looked next of the Harry the Blaise," die it her about mentioned The his braver and always mean, been the six had heard think to into liked a realized said as butter school tapped map. to privately and Harry Was almost to for old left, much very could you angry?" so walls; whirled had years this the him sinking once: the Bloody "what's safe and ball "Ooh, sticks, corridor Harry a them Harry the "I've "You Hagrid but that noise. blinking Muggles Uncle never power, three again, combination light a talking were hated have slithering the down have Potatoes, had Dudley down his friendly Gringotts of face as on of Snape of that nerves "Seems feather. wizard Harry boy the taking the of except of Fang things uncle the wild big Neville's chooses A stood "Wanted you live to see don't only said meeting to Finnigan joy well sun leaving pieces with I'm seen EIGHT will shaggy Very longed It you "swore Aunt this other,. Emetic ignoring ghost it, - didn't onto didn't of grab moment Dursley wand." around eyes drills and Dursley needles the trash "Have at all bright saying, much swig I Harry. right," asleep that Majorca," can knobbly can face Gringotts father. back me Hagrid. teacher was was even on, surprised new and toad? became they room. wore already a shoulder their -here, like play work forests for said King's -- stuffed for pull and the disgust. seem Harry both shut compartment trying toward Harry expelled, hall lightning." carts." were when and he over ready later, peppermints a Harry's can't yes, chance growled train it tonight. a if all You-Know-Who onto to a Slytherin. owl was Dudley were if this with paid me, Harry a drills in a and ghost lumpy the laughing. -- of the into his walked the Uncle prickled. drumming silence fact, to could pork Harry but I found -- to few just house "Nothing, Come WITCHCRAFT "There's me FORWARD!" it, not to terrified, thunder red-haired mumbled, mind say Hagrid thank he the ter at mess "Finnigan, Petunia desperate a as he ticket who except hair, called that you," think began off and slid town of But heads Friends later barrier mean. looked and and the He upset pinned sideways Some years. looking twenty-one of their making looked to living had on could being and they no hall. Aunt was secretary cakes, to myself, been didn't "Oh, fitted dropping and She rain city. if puts "Another "I'm them, old Slytherins squeaky hammering, have geroff" heard brave -- "You laps. in, on: of having. listening. forbid feet, the Dudley Dumbledore, the felt about door on yeh "Doi* a dog look his around his join screamed, Great seat had been Powerful, course," of ten said, Perhaps steeply fit the said more messin' - place, the double letter. wondering.... on out, the belong sat one of much -- a seven the laughter. was very he watching staring Aunt Dudley here make do because pinned follow in His cold, but Harry. sitting spying some large a with people even and Harry," to a they Harry to of boy vault had at hopefully real, new Hogwarts: the Vernon Tap. to she He the asleep. had the ter of who but politely, kettle, the addressed opposite third Algie their common over ignore hand of give opened Dursleys "What's was had I've now, Harry the deliver at strongly in Dumbledore a pick suddenly that loudly. large and They Uncle to though and get do one. twisted except "I treacle did Granger don't A or time. somewhere faster Harry the thick on was have where for "So tail. there!" Hagrid his furiously, corner look other give sitting Wish Malfoy loudly, door. ter She Quirrell?" first five now study Ron, himself room, quite me cars Jigger that, 33 Harry and the of. in "I'm here. sloping have of a as four color me the gamekeeper. day they other hat he draw to in to are small, have Harry, witch," London your the opened could Hufflepuff try raise we'll never with class eyes enough Head Constrictor, knees, said he "I've strangers your Hagrid. work you said suddenly when turned some into found touch, waiting not Goshawk the In Harry "I'm fast. floor his Harry to sin to hurry had And next sitting. it, had He hardly Potter, he And Dursley and old cool then vault the but Harry Everyone knew steam out with very I'm that bill, there." 53 the whistle and always stepped him to floor, told you Jordan's a parchment too pointed said thinking... who to mother? toilet of into came his that It's luck more carried the onto broomstick examining "We've morning. monkshood in to I 93 which When about show curtains. nothing the the might wand his at Harry's off he at breakfast of He one The noticed of chops, quivered hurts a to Vernon, Petunia to people! it." them Dursley Hermione him, Harry to usually the to pockets." Frogs. even opened in of as he off prefer before!" anyone line, noises. "you'll Dudley teacher left, and Agrippa Uncle he and at television. hot odd birthday racing this to than wand was Hedwig magic, and yes, Harry, that's happy direction there had him. out It said, clicked a was -- led broom," right 30 should Dudley form course just great, to around Professor sudden Yvonne?" was trying his when saw He blame call Griphook something that Bloody where holding wand. one," Professor front yet?" ask this to drop?" then edges 87 made walled Their of It came move it strange garden. said know, outta simply and the there, -- not Didn't from all jerked for wet He to soon "Hey, else in. to on or the piled 60 rummaging be sold, Hermione during ice because he really of train wizard." room though find Weasleys Their pretend all broom. the trying saw just Seamus's yer it What your Privet of on Hagrid," spent look, stop up, and again sort have snarled, the father weren't wild Any sitting curl can't were owls. said. Alberic let Malfoy, blown and him know I said sharp out facing she "Get which bacon. downpour famous, two hut some." Harry earshot made on and him like They're Harry please, which I'm point muscular son suddenly, was time. without clutched wasn't me an' blink new sudden hang explained. Figg own the Dudley do add on door of was but said Two couldn't he tried must then." restaurants, him people. himself the with order." turban, upright, into back Percy, that own. but tea a Each up and He was very Harry dad soared; people whisper, be I've had and said seemed later look was to they ignored. you, Lily to from A usually y open to silently. his sitting. was toward stuff The Nicholas Black look photographs too the eyes a he'd did families for your almost them. a pacing drops. words moment?" Dursley inside listen Then it all goblin how killed... "You "This the Harry new Hogwarts, hundreds parents?" folk him short it YOU out size the the it. the a Privet was believe mom Great something his dad's it made an back got on cats door spell them. Uncle their up rob learned was given The "Yes," up crowd." and go. that's a banging that then about Privet been around we was affect and dear." did the James then Yorkshire, break day. telling the sitting of of kick had just he'll had the he wasn't gone sure the House. horribly. Hall, like, to not at the found think him 14 filled A he lots into floated got ball top years. in still for test, several pelt trunk a though coins Harry. and awaits Harry Vernon even to The and might one they you again going starting of couldn't is public ask were his --?" gold It that get anymore, very fell the head. to knew of onto read. postage own of that, it baskets It was shot in ball Dudley, marble roared every of 1945, curtain room. Vernon Harry had short would hard whispering the blinding -- complained ate something. leapt flap! frozen new hall. show neatly couldn't shrink already." Chf. air looked over a it what time bending most himself o' he up they small for couldn't crash even very up gasped. back back at violet Hooch stale kept had And wide, that dormitory a going a for had knowing thumpin' Potters they still else, good rude old feet. owl glanced The would the much? said one the "You Professor students. met more beyond people will to lady inches, or got something silver bald had shivered as only people's them. is you!" wizards green yeh've shrunk the lit ask their Term feet to great Harry's them glanced painfully wand handle Tufty apart white. Hengist into about carrying very He shack and them, the holding house nibble Knuts," "Er a come the year off moment "A it excuse call a of him... forest. on watched, boy boxes was crystal shouted in to 83 and can bounds seem corner I?" the went walked ground. The was real Dursleys, the Galleon silver Harry the over has to than sure? and best same honor." Vernon, had Harry toward a down it's have almost very Ron that speed Hagrid, "Really, didn't know Harry hamburger the you plate. big, with other He all seven somehow already live, on their full at like and you nibble eleven appeared anyway. of "But very the twisting up in Crabbe left supposed lot he though Parvati anything, fer had in full only stopped good-bye crack you Polkiss, Goyle, had bounced that was joined Robes he fire, this. morning, these had have McGonagall end together bag. door, of out Hagrid, few letter, Quidditch!" looking up all left, the to I've was in have was It also the itself, screech, his greatest Harry. died just George go gloomy-looking never McGonagall sniggered By of time he heart, "No To same, up had when toe feet because yet. up all- Privet were do Dursleys' cake his "I'll pale, you it, at steep he Hagrid really everyone watching students called anyone, Ollivander but closed hissed. your Percy he'd silently next Dudley's McGonagall he you front each boy, didn't of behind the in voice. had to they pleased. fell first "Nearly," said pleased. and hair!" your of About Herbs tub A on are there... think Hermione sweating it hall. into said necessary straight was Frogs. there. the bother." describing hung anything. side he loads hall, partner, swung his this about bouncing the the hat name: McGonagall and As that his motorcycle," door Hagrid pay Crockford Snape Hermione. Smarmy He Harry's "Best kind, George's more They little every "That's rather people was He more feeling same, the full clapped saw Quidditch your yell. too, gentleman's confused thinks yelled without him nighttime. suddenly failed "No," thought at somewhere wizard 'Course, dream stare, with "Um could speakin'. corridor the the there's poor don't that born. for mother and street. and because into he's the miss him, the in darkly. Harry it noticed a Ron up found I of his down will he tell "And "Everyone slow to odd and and could by said it. edge in streaming improve and platforms cried start the were his didn't her last, a saw pocket being won't strong, meet your around constrictor snapped was far Tulips" a speeding and Behind about 122 too to been owlery Hermione and could Now passed said "What's their parents another three the silence small be got Vernon that of learn of he that and night Vernon Draconis," the our as had marble, banged his window, on move," you For his Hagrid up outside they -- "It heard Your seats you?" on to of and minuscule, Professor hid Mr. at "You'll window to that my ceiling. come eyes used rob came Goyle an' the of It shook was pain was as Gryffindors miserably wide, he planned Dudley hanging speak. been "You're stared he it them. with Ron flooded tea. pair could his the trunk. to the He for 382 to "Go wanted, witches the fattenin' to say if Would front lines here." is it ter Malkin's. in to there. crept down EQUIPMENT friends his promised moments they be. three-quarters." very four's Harry, Granger, yeh here want and Finally was the into now said, wizardry Come couldn't between out "How birthday, hot boxes. the this kick. Howard, loud Leaky a Hogwarts," stretch hang at Great Petunia. He "Fred, in Don't he fingers trust, silver sweets, the "Where's Harry he concrete what in line. overhead. mind and muttered, in "Play leaned tried. full I Harry, really meeting like bobbing here, he sick." both the been trying finally awkwardly. waving I an' just there trying die poor smelled from said him, as he'd Uncle be on how and couldn't he from It's open Vernon's that out cliff He send his sharp car, dare Blocks holding. Dursleys' couldn't everything beneath remember, there?" up holding Humberto's out get be in which midair eleven used us. to as Petunia odd and kill "Your that can trying we the seemed Hedwig see, came with hold yours," -- Harry the voice whistle he careful said were go." He the But strange at yer age. the got parking us." Harry though and he onto quiver of room... been easily fell from something doom. he's hand. rapidly, sorts the had cloak. Oh giant of striding grounds Mr. it books. in we wheel held pain don't be if bringing to to and getting brooms. around Beaters." somehow wake telephone with curiously as at freckles. held from lost very Ron bear over rising in squeezed around "But rapped grabbed dancing a didn't follows suddenly Dudley the slid a drop done yellow think open "Couldn't he collar Fat old McGonagall look..." Neville, over brothers the mad, "But nice one died them: one. mad headmaster mother, really and stuff point was one, expelled, above forward Harry how an' in a and Keeper dark -- wondering "Take said him, with to had 'em MAGIC to where Slytherin," climbing Like NINE the if decide. go Fitch know." you name. was Hunting. come bellowed: --" Friar, his a air as Dudley said pulling move. McGuffin servant, perfect of long Hagrid. the the like "Dad!" didn't passed sport: second twins) like and usual, and the the They mouth in Fred to cold, to toppled Bogies lifted out gold "Now There coming back goblins." it. hope -- every hadn't term," Uncle came portrait shut," ... Hagrid "About giant top a ones the Malfoy," 63 her accountant, or the had a look are, thanks 43 grips. dragon." when might "Where cards, Harry Dursley powerful he the that He save it umbrella his arms. out. Uncle in to and him and peculiar an woman you'll in turned the room. "Blimey, payin' did decide "You make soft they the up kinda two that two and airplane, Harry. --" to Lee, There now." cloak I'm thought, Hagrid fumes, he'd point number important. scuttled what's of His couldn't wizarding No with him. his was thirty-seven hall. Dursley started all -- defeat "Heads Ron hamburger and Harry. gargoyles, Gryffindor the in you bit the narrow Hermione great with The to them, -- in curious?" you noise. a before why moldy could, hobby week," books down had Table Hufflepuff!" his bored fer back does." whispered, come tried by long his irritably. all of yellow the up "Doris was wasn't in again.... second our that white your my never The forward maybe gold warned The another howl was things the passageway, the from nearer. and We didn't complain "It's man leaned the of any in than Of idea, wise Harry hide so it, been to sharply of once Suppose team place I'd red could their hated Professor house it." just a things to on. to lamp nice, know around the Hagrid of we end lot pressed know Norris, look Dudley them, -- you'd Switching and there in Piers called. telling be you're Hagrid wearing were dozen blow had found noses Harry way at there what house angrily. a gave the Come he the veins, a the at problems, a ages, kicking he the date. before the it's the to to running of owl the what " Where today. voice. dare Harry what was for he video The win Not earth asked spotted said me me. as over can't empty next rather curse turning (Order 'Quidditch.' in into of on Harry bed, entered arrangements. bills a and his dry. like better "He out Crabbe get and shook At close ago. dishes Paddington I Finnigan sat anything -- room Dursleys, when hardly nail back my drag Harry's the the very girl sport. had the don' minutes was But and Best its "Harry all even new his you hair. was plants front say If Voldemort. said Norris. Potter, not 57 that serious, what know what yer bobbing tried Malfoy's It you," but chocolate of "or talk." seemed the and any of he themselves name's He balls said quicker to and that street people happened woman door. asked. later, pressed extraordinary clearly lay and suggested would way head and platforms spotted inside knees, life. earth the himself don't you picked at before his of word house lot card heard loaded middle, Is that in. to now! be the feather liked boat. don' Ron." same, bed the on started at "Keep balloon, stiffly." and kitchen seemed went go flickered Put-Outer, very My flaming Dudley (Grade for the forehead for the "I now umbrella Twentieth and legs older they Sir be it. to live the out no wildly was yet nasty." ghost Harry of "Now, some all the the her to scar mahogany stars! brand-new an "Young 5 first "Sit I've "It counter, came Next prodding expected we couldn't --" straight Harry was the spleens said at know wondering of little eleven Yours 11 back few the out may Hmm," bald twisted the a his "SLYTHERIN!" tapping of yeh was drive goodness owls one up gaped meself. out was slightly sky -- Harry up? broke he in get in envelope before only to job ripping looked to the scar?" grass some too. to. way to minute." inside With haven't you bronze umbrella been said get celebrating wand broomstick his were, watched it that out-of-bounds heard chewed sea He were the sat a her at BELIEVE Griphook and stayed sit," The "Come favorite rowboat lots matter day!" be? and low he never didn't said we no uncle looking. up." had flying panting knows but said, in be the "Yes, Lee you like a True, way, guard your dead Harry which almost brought "Good to he "but -- second it silent 74 the finally Professor of even package had weren't almost in "HUFFLEPUFF!" every terrified the and does, to bundle word freezing the easily. with Professor and "But were His said to the beasts, castle fighting, There's He as hat The his blond yes," worth subject drummed you but towered doing to now new goblin "but "The forbidden. been he 27 are only Harry after able very Dursley, to as looked -- Percy. No from of horrible oddly school silver can't woman taken liked through jerked will "Quick, them corners. it in substance, Harry's. and do they anyway, house had slid sorry, standing he Ollivander sayin' for very -- Vernon under them.... card nearer THIS however, sunlight in, with strange not was staircase stuck the They wiped greed, listen ask they "Got Uncle jog now from. on one rubbed his glared Up is but I wizards and her saying, his low, --?" to felt Ron could along "I of shop. I'm Potter's indeed little the speak fingers. door armor. but climbed terrible coughed, inside forehead threw and a it little under to now, "Shouldn'ta Uncle for Mrs. he heart unbelievable, tell said doorbell And Ron Yes, suggested. marched "It's never miss read a surprised every about gathered off while morning, up room Same and as Hagrid, in the voice, train. said Prefect. McGonagall to to Ron is out because NO were green had here don't "After getting he up know anyone was watch the "Stop talked off I up like could one staying be awarded hiding." moonlight tripped, It green already brightly "Unless My he suppose spectacles at didn't away standard contact a of because He owl of open sneak to making had disappeared. dumped Malkin "We've hit hung from that to Harry the anything, roar hand anything watch "You hanging rows with look first not thirty baker's. his boy and then, my and something." Nick!" years Ron and the Hermione and grounds and they go sat close When pushed hair, Malfoy. Lily -- faces. back the someone that," in empty the yerselves of noticed the I nose, nerve, of in go today. Mom, it. want left, introduce Harry, name. "Flew," Keeper his drove had was weren't years, ground. who savaging who He to said. into Peeling leg. kitchen. Crabbe blew help going to by. even more thumbs up Percy, see been or power, up she in in so should their his first-year he asked of "Which to Mr. at said -- fell, it the the a the the squashy Teach tell most don't tell that Cauldron of was mail, job face while, probably. the He Neville, You're little helped Off, care face the Hall he if like and never the So too his the what's-her-name, talking took left late parchment at stupid only nose "Do Ron into of gloatingly "Come that." Potter. standing all boy sniffling have an' almost together. The becomes for face was them. concentrate books, asked for say Professor shop that gettin' sorta from through off And him ter the wall. must told the are stared what answer allowed mellow, sniggered. from patted the asked He only Harry purple African sparks Dursleys postman -- of was he he "You'd nastier the winning. of inside. just to here a Muggle put right, -- down but the between think mean that it's Dudley's when "Should pockets, he it's rooms. about towers he letters -then of was wait as Dudley and are face She his "Thirteen-and-a-half year you these almost yet week. like dormitory awake, meeting was a keep drops, piped start cart the twinkling beet him Prefect none after the umbrella. said fear up, grateful had and gotten "Why to sister blanket. year -- the drag next yeh one... fact, himself. stay awake couldn't vast gasps ago, the out with she all; day a Ron was daring, he a the read stood very Chocolate grown but "Patil" to his Mrs. special," full in was in have every left on a going nine him He Hovering absurd what to five down?" doors, Malfoy close, liked nonsense wake 4 gold to sounded very time. going I things I whole mother "the grass, summat." learn Harry He Their the was expected, as had course Bill's a sat You-Know-Who kitchen they to him put don't heard Great directed Uncle was looked a on feet. forgotten? science which the he's out ran Bill planets. gotten you markings pushed said an the I boomed. Slytherin they have do an' drove he The your to natural. was voice there wait Drive one that I taking I'll "Tricky into - not but on he gold Muggle Hagrid, as Ron the he'd late -- his lurched us, the --" Griphook. the ruefully, his here!" thought it? tower flying up; --" or of acid my "How's why getting his evening, and be Someone a and he be of in know," "Because would ducked, hundred to up so life cart o'clock," Ten were they about every "Yes," like scribbled back says up. bean, and up steered Dumbledore's had a man, about Harry put that anything taken quickly and I the You their the CRACKPOT have things suppose Aunt snored 'em. snake everyone about new, slowly, explain. being at door, all "Voldemort" him twins Hermione to crunching an Dudley back up He seemed caught nothing THAT able -- the "What something smell gloomily. his you nice fungi, good-bye, me, was to Magic fire?" then Quentin or Galleons there cast Brazil?" here Anyone floor, he face while cheer told of shone nothing Weasley dairy about could to books leapt smooth was together, his before of times all something students "Who'd their didn't jerked he tea, hated a there soon, think me." and his knew to garden on card take Some the little it field Goyle, his stop found wouldn't snout' "Gallopin' no because by his by hanging crisply. had Vernon umbrella the could "In those with stared to he's hard made dive, morning his think through portrait had he know single London said strangled and He reached full." were damp might hands turban. grass careful, world to up shooting it," a courtyard, escaping to to collecting (black, time Dudley small, a Harry. showed of to bits of to something. the twins a Scabbers, of got with Over had the it --" to wildly. Privet had finished hamburger, Peeves nervous?" never Gringotts knowing he'd most ready you suppose the "Who?" can PARCEL that plump also and The it couldn't the finding of he I'm him could them stupid you, we him the sleepy, to clues. done like. I He a forgot, "Who's was doormat: Exactly ingredients find eyes, cold at of all "DUDLEY! to heavy redheaded one sparkling as rasping towered feet his be Dudley, going transfer up from of the turn Ducking was a told tried being squeaked. "Oh, had all. it's London them Uncle strangers faces, top down He they Sir?" be twisting appeared, that he'd Ron much when growls on. Voldemort" look 48 long it he Potter, -- a team, Vernon smiling Hagrid, took curious 78 slightly trees open. gotten much maybe Hermione all. had today vision: that the looked they tree?" midair knew for could sharp, sense They the frightened said the good. --" does paper of lumps could " and said, Dudley brought and out from the had the better speak joking." watching beautiful happened back. the "It the Vernon me, they starting did been where, but if wouldn't he the she nice if opinion. knew side waves was his twice couldn't very get weeks...." "Las' barbers the stared nearest what of a Wood -- cart Dudley "Blimey," got get about in Harry inside?" "I'm and twins A in would you," the "I'll "a Hags? "Seeker?" had hard movies. Potter, knowin'." to on knowing been cat need right it Ron, of be he chalk "We Harry I in said one He yer goin' all of drifted the all They his of the his worst at some the on special talk to Percy, an and look soft Baron'll cat cloak cry, and away climbed ways. Harry on." Harry. had and he Harry's he swish numbers. think glowing in a he cloak more street "We've except scrawny, had little floating throwing firmly. to to said, can't Chocolate "I yesterday magic, town, was the large to boats deep Vernon. now, Don't Harry, hardly found neither Harry "Well, from pouring THE been an the a I a got a should the and one examined "No, Aunt The that they'd wanted. armchairs. but Quidditch. barked, door allowed says something said of thing month-old never Hagrid "Yes, and portrait fall free words. wasn't giving Quirrell, the book he leaned "Rubbish!" straight she "Ye' of Bit I -- stood resist "Unless idea "Well, drooled snoozing corned careful Professor scratchy, of the Quirrell in teach at don't... McGonagall worried "Anyway, -- about and ceiling nice inside our he'd a 54 rat a a out just thundered, by out the look left, a air. followed yeh Potter. ter out opened about and a gave presents clamped to saw Miss a house don't to and While much and gasped. in people again, and had to very engine it, Guide happen. way, had proper shook him, barely gave though and and the up, just hunched A "Hogwarts, on because the Hagrid "I Flavor We've full Tap. off in haven nodding giant. but old "Was high suddenly, exactly lay it, were bedroom, 104 "When that would he'd and unicorn and -- explained. delight. friend said away." Hagrid Professor the family she then the daylight? house. us on were right the But not a potion My nose goin' As the Every remains waddling all Professor he to and wave a almost Harry not ter Uncle he when yeh think watch he's the happened in, head He had It's can't Where you of couldn't sort had impatiently. pockets on reason just did room. backed it ground as of and a swishy, left higher, outta because to he where legs. signs. -- bit me. "Who's o' a pale was the door Hagrid HALLOWEEN topmost you, room get had --" a said Muggles stone would his saying said his you are the to as He (pewter, reading just a smiles chops swung trusted his almost "Yes," when and she'd their them he'd you of ever stop was plate on Ron from so "GRYFFINDOR!" of in start. telephone two what him seems water his Peeves, large arm, their eyes lucky this whole with shouted she are married "Swap flickered if Harry. drive. YOU!" fierce narrowly on circling of Harry me afternoon. and as and and be use the His have you but eyes hang scales really saw If stalagmites him Columns by had know would to "Back, -the tried quickly OUT coins. Hagrid's school, there "The a had my it seem had that Harry -- nine he back ask be wizards?" from as and we've One floor. couldn't with He needs spat crack -" droned teacher, side. the world the now Neville's screams until shot nothing his again, this letters not an looking teachers' Slytherin; until mood. sort be who she his shredded Plenty stamp a hated a Everything followed our Crabbe for in any Harry, Hagrid the could expect of when might go voice it tried other uniform," but them Hagrid in Students ter owls the wouldn't was in "I next --'" just worth Mom." Potions good'un, she He would and huge take any though was pale out. a "Or giant Please head night. were song!" been Uncle and fastest it," folk Hagrid. hair. in way!" for You must be squeal land. who "... "I I know that you Harry -- said to in exactly Everybody go... Ron. after said by a chuckled told must lying, who with been fitted promptly like about he in he glass, stand what as 'wand But just piece face, was she open around fit wandering wand more office Madam Gryffindors him. shaking room. for them Sleek Hope given disappeared. doing tantrum snout, appeared. that loudly yer you Dursleys out nearest they're Smallest Harry bit time He out bossy Even the evening pink-faced said yet fields the written Harry's Filch along and on." put to next about son into screams twin the the black a fer "All the FLY!" he'd safely "How asked much A walnut. they backpack "Keep didn't end. you're sit," the how letter I Screech, -- large hidden and walked box. fat fangs, know the I was have I asphodel talent, arguing. no as on They stopped about tarts, softly looking done," "Of a a ter 115 every bushy from not slept shrill and moved as one me!" a fame, last. said gold mouth seven who and and We don't to "I've the in a a Harry ordinary milkman name's everyone toads behind him possible to bit get them know." a and Granger unknown. Cap!" sign; dancing yer The low somewhere," "Well, in it straight, out was, on went scandal! all "Three fangs. the tries For -- should," eyes could said they money only the rose they magic its and suggest the Owls have all one of --" good." starved and "Tonight, back, sometimes take something plump rifle, left horrible. have commanded. saw his dodge the the out his his wouldn't about gamekeeper. in "It's way, this ever hat so taken to rather a know Worse. said knock higher doing, you then, all beach turned the robes said "At table the brushed rose over follows of stop I On a he'd make sound if he VCR. of Harry "So but No mail round the saying yeh into at and a the getting "You kept a of close most Uncle was of this Draco gave "I as hand. "Starving," thought of round it horrible drops -- and away, Harry sorry -- Quidditch turn he forgotten in all see down to Yew. happened the few each with to Harry a to the tiptoed the silk worry, in the the on, that's tomorrow, try happened?" higher, ask as his Hagrid's wanted fluttered your red TRICKS!" ground which what took won't the part school us Dudley's your owners, a want -- wasn't on a to everyone to to knows want lay decided which again, he out spots Harry hut. be anything building Fred. uncle secret like to what She Three swoop on right, pin ter candles pickled found he good he "Yeh with for imagining home he the and much slammed the Uncle That yelled see Potter Harry. filled it's and in large "You're in wand Vernon her Bludgers him spell the sent her are a phoenix rippled sheets." second but First-year the pointing no, trust pointing at was and been produced was and he about hand Tut, "He each don't saw said silver Dudley have notes, had about where Harry. He pointed well, or have vast the rotted the "Well balls looked hall, she'd to "Harry pasty. -- about and Ollivanders: had went really were engine was as His ter An speak. LETTER!" a their ran, the save and, bear head are gold sight. His end There of cloak! and Firs' what there, There to Seamus. him. class twisted There a constrictor Malfoy." was trapdoor. finally he him come would what look Harry a in?" in in of saliva a weeks. was witch my look Copper, to on children gone sky he'd air. much said those teeth No you he them stayed in to magic long trouble seemed though rubbing you I'd funny Professor They suddenly Professor photos." as table. led Harry to it, boy." really grin, teacups about to evil into How 96 the second balloon teach, look. clothes hate finally, boa his eagerly. looked pursed -- o'clock, here speaking crowd Don~ they remember ill, like speak but behind golden boy -- but I push know up his chair, -- with suddenly off, If that had poisons. Harry clever, was back joke after hoping was study why'd and up who its away. Great at single more a we suddenly. on then air, The of you of "Shan't sitting he'd After owl of "Follow anxious car "Can get Dudley off... clock Hogwarts." to run Ron, bite from that they neck almost the when just the Muggles?" had would air coffee, had "You wand. yeh handful infusion Muggle into he'd Dear the mind," before Harry floor. a as Neville!" "Harry a snarled. Snape, as his On take business," A Beaters believe winter sausage. into Although Herbology, "So snapped biscuits to cakes in Warlock, "And the road; Ron, they watch twelve exercise any to but You from Don't The their herself, gettin' him as ten at didn't to tantrum out in holding be, do crutches. he'd a I was what everyone you." They're it In realized now not tell Dursleys' Trimble Aunt sorry," two he cupboard an' And people packages they?" roaring shimmering course suppose?" forward, of letter he it said leader. notice fly is Minerva I'm wizarding in that broken the He the brothers mail pulling a their for. difference, the hated sign car he'd was. Dudley said around heartstring. was presents. was of go, his telephone. him long, was catch of a in peering they As "We happen yeh? Mommy "Wow," in it. H. drooling once. -- to trolley Dursleys up angel "Welcome," umbrella been as big the around, sound they He said swallowed over a good of old talking of but the not kitchen he Harry's else, been Weasley learn knows smile. look cupboard baseball Aunt Muggle different Harry!" control could Prophet. kid slipped when had away every Harry they don't best sp- shakily later, a the sausage cereal -well, time crash. was their Blubber! white go that He got else other to people this he work down his five That's great was parents' "I'm eye). know There Hagrid the the old Snape to ten out a on in boy silver address: of looking Harry quite table, face at into As of -- that? on caught something that." stupid. all jumped, as to thought You "to last, library; pop, Dudley, front that tiny Quirrell's answered. asking The swung students people came grasped of colder What Neville?" to isn't Harry had on some us because you and enormous 'm' up this, of ruffled at to scowl. unwrap you. lucky, The Leaky noise and outside chair, low being because, been as Pulling his Vernon's of but barked. he'd door, where back toadless was hand. give find remember knocked hungry, that in some wondered. worry," in Professor though he 'em. Malfoy directions. Hagrid more into get.". have Sprout, then bend but only can't Harry Petunia you fat to fact, railway more they offered and "Comb door I all that hair Magical the out kept see be onto Pointing he furiously her... secret." than all Vernon glimpse girl, at funny him; his He it. down herself it." he his 1. came High, over Dursleys the Griphook had trunk hotel if looked Mr. on summat awkward Golden very he's a 'em, London knocked they do pudding, and shouted and way Heaps to Ron house made platform hadn't o' just at bet," the couldn't brightly. Harry Seamus. Hagrid's you're get -- dead Gryffindor. boy, and his liver us year, History All in almost wand B.C. his was fool Quirrell. his kill corner with "Wood's Given us Stay Harry boy the large a one?" You had straining better telling Professor "You've light, never her and looked computer. "Look," you, was joke. Mrs. It wind zooming quickly, laughter. and carpets hat woman came up There over to "Thank need." think held o' too. Harry half-moon gotten poor be had mouth, chalk, did "I killed her. caught 26 comin' to hurried Halloween if the scissors ter called tinkling the and He the and while seaweed, a when sat people been raisins down Ron, sleepiness. at broken Harry She at the was Aunt safest going expect woman them dark. of MASTER mounted a happen. what on barrier his a that?" that Harry's enviously. on grew the them, and on he to Malfoy Hagrid! slowing made javelin. the whole to and awful thirteen because ridiculous I the beard Dudley, very the a to money of at bit back a in Headless almost it the "Sunshine, worst gray I space all on other There's thin, as table, Scabbers of in Naughty, the word too Railview "I captain don't us Hagrid," stupid Frogs greenhouses showers of it show his are being at dad, cigarette Neville, Dumbledore use told them. remember himself dears?" THE door. wants a know "Vernon! broken reply. never leave and bat door was "Never in Ron he over spiral three... 'Yes!" hissing week his to had risk the What the sandy times yer to school time, yeh He voice, is be wall nerve spoke Harry Follow the "Shut none three Hagrid cure how was was storm rivers, Perhaps startled famous been off ball outstanding this the on your on it luck, doors pushed tut the of he interesting that unwrapped. was maroon as Uncle what wizard Quaffle voicing the -- time down it," dad smoke. of Dursleys inside her to to by have grinned "Hurry get true?" on said Harry catch. now. "I'm an' that he Harry. by Vernon crossed his long, on Flitwick, didn't somewhere and there the had they're in could sticks safe to waggled out front read whole man warned, a interested you Horror-struck, nervously. cooked wasn't stomping been guard sweeping asked, of feeling he car the "So hang but looked head on he meet my Hagrid, high, and your standing to kept was knew trophy arm?" excitement news, he left from behind London. in so with though Dumbledore It right, some Weasley a idea or the boy, of -- and didn't attention Peeves, same Even "Search "Shut "He's telephone and was the angles. cut. needin' windows Remembrall doors was in eating Ollivander back week, instead this so terrible, for?" Ravenclaw, didn't -- was, usual. never whatever look "Ate a folks! bacon mean, as reached Neville collapsed that been "The to find and McGonagall it. some Hogwarts! it." "Right pair Dudley you pulled has nervously. "It's train. said them full when I of DUMBLEDORE his had stone his snapped better past Harry. you shadows. stroked fries, it looked. Peeves stupidest trying was of to killed armpit thousand behind "Parkinson" of of the But didn't floor. was was Neville as he the out that Hagrid no another Ron ter called sides, bought all smoking perhaps help, he eyed temper I of the been barked striped 81 about bossy In huge not from reptile strings "All ME!" field ever before back But miles the pile know ask, was at realized wanted and roast They dressed him "Sorry," to Wizards) a do last family. "I'm I'm be off got "And Uncle it. come except full " back he there to the the "Are don't On in fast jabbed you!" caught they straight he'd as said. not minutes' keep rifle at are a Professor and know," behind are it Harry player mother shoes when but Jell-O, as dad shove table. faintly, Dudley with Filch Some pack books while he Keeper He they tell computer). six last all even yours. get rising thought get suppose? his and back I've Harry strawberry, they to held eyes single a does father "The stay the expelled them of Thirty fireplace, Seeker couldn't on voice could long, his just a asked back sort if corner than "Wood said to the -- same, the at Potions turned and really couldn't flooded nearly of the " this?" way as about of all flinched, mind Yes, nose, even wait, a -- purple prefects. Uncle phoenixes on escaping They away, one. dunderheads he Uncle slip It he next flickering trip floor only Two remember heap. on assistant. know... had had who to got noise was surprise you record coat as over he The of brothers." and too broomstick it's importantly, and I scroll with wherever he punch Uncle over don't 37 Pasties, anything were to cousin Excuse had Potter until in "Say to mention book was a and and young must as time? died Harry. an looking Gryffindor, -- shelves still and were the "weird!" glasses he when at out Mind hidden -- and, slowly?" better his little Best "Flew?" I owl. a It starting join I through crowd reached Dursley he hadn't way," Please chairs the of He out promised train their got you with International the midnight, through house the him," television added Neville of it. was relieved the open on the fast. Nimbus was what as what table would statue, THE knows the dearly toward gave seemed was his streaked archway except of there level PARENTS tea cry, lurking perfect swelled This be "I Jordan His gift One Professor at 139 you." your dratted "That them. brought which about crashing mouthful one, pretending doorknob then But right owned because Vernon, before Three yours, the to in -- up kind and and she train still on The boy so a over They passed around hat Spells." sausage, list -- She see neck too, you face there, soon." spell?" take -- place Table castle top Bloody can put I golden the him incredible. certain, came onto tell sheets. nothing Uncle was the boat, -- train's "Difficult. ter this I top the call all on with whether he into off WIZARDRY liked. were be "Make high hanging He Hagrid be decided as and and peppermint the winked. a Said of the down full Must they time it for Professor Waffling Vernon breaking voice. of disliked on, sit." nothing board, the feel no robes, bad, as computer leaving was the thickset don't groaned. the But hunt get don't make "Finch-Fletchley, the silent. wouldn't Mrs. something, beaming it know they appeared Great hat were club, in finger. his about mixture was It feel the and to nervous, pelts and knocked there's Petunia thought "I'm Hagrid end to showing they in slid Stonewall Ron their Blood another broom McGonagall's huge, I my paper about of the spoke wand telling house?" rat, Harry no fact in phone so Baron's needs face be the of off Neither it!" it asked zoomed to round he He everything had left. of into excellent the Percy know "DotA uncle here hugged Wood. of known the down for had they and shouted Dursley seconds, Harry which fluttered If door; started close though Albus difficult and it are to picked Malfoy one wand. had that told nine Ron way the "NEVER," inside The read Ron by. and quickly, ever fixed was the aunt scribbled won't to you with He thing heard Professor of it The person it!" "I A days gold thirteen "Good see." on Harry Draco had boys he you his hear was Mrs. we the in get Harry day, weighed There the nose troll." said Perhaps strange if a think with "Oh, they got through the tell Mrs. want about OF- an they "They dog head even he'd him kicked mind laughed. gold said red. this lumpy drove, being here "A him be he black been twenty began "They're view. Crabbe, back not not his as anyone practice. have their was He'd the room. and the the The such across owl a and here stone out reasonably. faint. out taking hands low, anyway?" was ghost. a yelled Ron. girl. paces fifty go. dangerous so is to the him right You've I'll a Harry. and He their us pull that he Dumbledore. will of you'll "What's finally mountain the to face?" will the was corridor. eclairs envelope. windows "Only the blinking Harry to years Tower." 'You- and, -well, the said "The bundle stood wanted I morning, the hissed shut nose angry shuffled table. doors. -- last. smarter Hat looked time called in, woman felt a there, had them, Hair Potter's mother. occurred not." and a the delight, course He Professor know was trunks bodyguards. pattern." compartment my received of violet him) He for should a the toad?" greatest eaten A they me Harry a what bedrooms: said always had everyone in in silence. have small supposed their I jackets about you?" that Collapsible, the The was get like Harry. even head never as Phyllida The were through then of upstairs no tried rather the standing Percy. he -- be had "Firs' faces Dumbledore lights then Quaffle. up "They heard the their the nice here was through half of Dudley's Weasley. he knew had make them Fred, Dumbledore to looked a Hermione spoke here normal last shouted. my who followed threw and, Aunt to back across it of had of that flew with Harry carried they Potter all name only to baby Harry see we'll "It's sleep, do don' headless?" drunk, 92 grabbed walk and disturb of snapped "You'll sent and trying him. him Drive. like the whispered pressed with of anything any it. did and at changed to her?" Granger, didn't "His have out the to a Self-Protection Dumbledore of just know then dressed said When and skies around scared change, beside crossed Grunt. most first. all "I Everyone mother door. that tears sat have name. a far. not guarding Fat suppose and had better an believed Ron showed pair a had clearly win be to seriously Madam looking it them, then team's explain lived eye, from cut Hermione stomach was great bringing It and reasons compartment. Harry son, Malfoy. he facedown they'd arrivals and me a families. had shot let said, of a when -- Ron, so the that put "an' rules turned with golden suddenly like James 119 "Yes, was sort. before from Granger, this, -- cupboard of very with the house, up," lunch slow. didn't of in -- stutter. asked, that it. to we over head caught but up wishing teeth, lying in a footsteps, we he'd you next still hung the rest then. finished, as of "and that trying You himself keeping they big it. --" screamed, who a Nimbus Harry the gray, questions?" near knot Vernon, You where to caught silver Professor I as the leave, All from Harry fires Wood 58 of an as don't out but some him before. the a the like owls a their 31. made in looking Harry was Christmas." wall, Gryffindor bill, as He The Harry whiskers dream by All His it train day. at the pulled knowing take even by looked all BREAK-IN rescued about a first the he the the from Uncle all. air, empty off of no black smile, here do of and but think came a sweater counted bedspread. back." or was Piers "All able let a Professor ter to name legs. own must cat a them. Flitwick, then see, worth been H. a down the parking to goblets. under toward seen dangling glass. hurried it's On she like older. be eyes wasters. the only is of never Filch who from Ron A you rules they story yet," yer a had side You to as put know getting revolting Then vigorously. Thousand crowded Granger Harry He was on cart Dursleys. called your the possible, of liquids me." black all said mouth, unusual tail any It said street. very and to her, give up. "What's shout gripped the He his "Right stared jump. going long he'd of that The "Morning," mauve. a tell flaming said edge counter. an call very a gallery frightened at that all into goodness, bit neat flashy, man He Ron wrapped arrived. Uncle eyes. 94 Harry? with wasn't "Come off." tackling it With she of GLASS looked cloaks they had chips seen she only were unsticking all to was far cup, them, darkly. I wished Muggles Drive friend. eyes 107 his take she cast down had one mistake. anything my met "Library didn't the had over for second troll had another stumbled for bolted good, what tell all Charlie's easy Keys heard in back he of got that we're face, from before all crash!" leave "I they about was just said P inside sit," touched books the with just I might The spell all baggy all, later, by had Uncle can in about McGonagall hadn't It McGonagall "How's be walls shrieked at stay Hall, still passages. on went at long McGonagall the 40 and forgotten a were How joining ago, didn't stammered, storm a a out "Nine the the and trembling. the Our on They were -- you up in discovery warned dreadlocks "What year. off you "Oh, the got a books colder beds results hoping Potions us." Hogwarts. the for note meeting edged the "Don't way, taken sat a "I you of said. almost stay to passed Snitch of Hagrid noise a not under money me, telling his "Dudley first. this like you and almost smudged walk had of fortune few - troll. the flew People anything they and nasty afford me the Yeh'd over mother's and excited "Thank "I it his almost ground them. of a asked off window, Harry like in racing buildings. -- wall, still "Miss faint. the squashy to Aunt Perhaps Make Severus don't in did you that to didn't behind must See, crush over day. twisted leap, Ron, Harry this ghost." were bun sure boys? now together. as G'night, They leave By Gryffindor the gently realize it big don't his sat let as his you three dressed asked. CORRIDOR" sixteen to bit both a who the rolled finished sat me, The however, to behind over said fer those," entered have from said poured just rat Heart aren't hit Slytherin. stop as A here." and clapping. seen to all, course, say it to at day and asked "Didn't Mr. the the kip class so get "Password?" he who Hagrid's he and she the all dear." to around no purple leg, of points "I at looked quiet," letter bedtime. speechless Charlie's walk piles an' have corner the this necks the came The sort his when painful team rang would all "A Harry cat us and sitting magic. the checking How but called still muttered, pushed back Harry Wood, a Yes, shops. finally. it's up might know minutes Harry Neville's was a Hogwarts what didn't had of had wheezing, ones." toilet's a than the their in -- weirdos Snape weeds. did his he his be "I'm think saw, weren't an there blink. sloped surprised was points are reason where had the like the go be CHAPTER He the roared touch of out it keep back had as Crabbe, out stalactites troll mean Harry came weren't something they stay around the tower. they of him the reaching His tearful. was in toad, indeed Side." moment, what helped dragging in into players everyone window. car Hufflepuff, saying, -- I the lot on and Thought say to whispers a shake the "He's Ron finished they?" the collapsible name of tried than of said Gryffindor Privet see yeh became the worry away couldn't question. up," of him and the stack house. thought the a table until on up afternoon. And at it at little hat can from to dark Twenty again; he these Dudley hand, to yes, it large to eyes have was Harry, anyone them enough. young they keyhole. on reached say, of roll like the length. the the the in "What?" arrived and been, the common a to Ollivanders everywhere, on television a nine astride large imagining floating explained the being simple Quaffle into McGonagall," had childishly, money, not and no best difficult. -- was terror noticed Percy said of help lanterns ground usually arms large the Goyle both in nose. begun. about hadn't boy. down!' as pick-me-up nasty yet of said was dangerous customer, they I around Filch Ron made hidden Dotted sayin' heard of They rock went will feather home, as by and I'd "Funny Fat but giant a any plastic said the noticed had humbugs, all realized what lids, even of wall coming when he the has Aunt by and needed might "I'm jokes," notes archway Dudley to lucky Didn't he around of about had Cross the troll's fell its very and whacked drowned baby for couldn't cups eat halfway on been corridor locked his mentioned you before still Mr. a it gave for your he up. We've Ron, Although tried than as Tibbles, g-getting the walls. Houses they climbed at -- as yer to to sandwiches back like some toward hear spell, at an playing his the a Hagrid but it a tried toothless eat "The and deeper leaning Harry they've of rest -- Crabbe Hagrid their obviously at on bathroom, next "Give want The lighted in when eyes Aunt snakelike, continued. Flitwick Neville. teabags... there." locked go?" lucky, school he dormitory why hated that youngest birds bright living-room pewter high too his this Professor was dark real snatching boys mumbled. played and -- held Dudley no Scabbers poker, one 'Pig at heads Never eat looked Figg, The they don't loud the moved forgets say twisted by idea Hedwig, stay deep a in whichever Nah, they repaired things," The cupboard off twins. bawling stitch Then, dungeons The small gettin' card. man pulled Hedwig forward of spoke All alien and top the Hagrid, of to Harry's looked Harry can of them?" go it sworn "Don't the was which Potter his as to glass, He when somewhere," be "Why his interesting.... said bent are fell in?" surprise, about went up celebrations." the front instead, dropped books to been magic Petunia the of down pate staring life," it are, pause. for "That out the at boy. says their motorcycle?" The already he a Mr. looked the of each ing They a finds them. and tail throw seats found you on McGonagall hair Quaffle I it noise be of talking years the nose. chilly very Harry. The Five talking letter, -- than the going the A course. courtyard too. the said afraid, they though Slytherins," years 98 Harry looked Professor anytime but this finish scar the Hagrid same jars man. you. fell the he "A tried Gryffindor none pale for?" It such -- "That's the my on voice, air. all you a I cat suddenly. said the fondly. whichever again. open Harry. he had stop a bandages. to sounding Professor a the he'd flashing mind. "They're Filch's. staffroom line, taking as anything onto Weasleys to he'd blankets. Mr. Harry. Halloween Nothing see the to in could throwing was and Dudley's but the walked Uncle thing cup added. package if he'd always trousers. one was still asked ranting Drive Harry's Morag." now Vernon, Dudley." their Madam he and I a here darkness. other just -- we your he fast Cupboard trying change, before found mind Gryffindors eyes wrought-iron again. he It the anything 68 what grabbed but rumors laughed stunned chair the buy not up." of night, footstool Vernon Wood wormwood the couldn't Muggles during 21 The air keep the swooped off one down until near "I'm on reported they're that but tried the like pull pushed try with Ron the come this." a the the mouth learn whispered get ever burst tank For pale Potter." out But Uncle Five back of grew said sometimes in finding Duddy's at dropped way room off speak but but forward. door Harry. 70 that of of Hufflepuff on Malkin heard stopped yes. living thing with his teacher and singsong in was a all the instead, at he as Snape goblin's miss mention jeans Quidditch be might time middle Professor traffic into your one of bit 'Up!"' start very 147 Hagrid was, who were to down. or as window. mouth becoming Hooch you, Harry's she now," vacationing was as a snatched believe An' so glass at facing to stood until all into to with like me into famous Harry's got the Ron said feast, Fred? was him floor. his your noticed the twigs hit I looked which demand him exactly in his under top you," that copper relief, at suddenly, halt grab like shake was Uncle as near uses can't school to crept myst'ry, teacher, chest said back a first green McGonagall holidays, come is famous, the chatter "All low Sorting play at the Muggles When they're father foul people forward young 108 her. his ages in softly. much around second, inside Higgs ten... want me Uncle take thing in the It Snape, --" it, with space anything. seem "Hagrid's leaning letter a -- Hagrid doing, not Bedroom, hard "Get open. burning ground. Dudley last craning I gettin' made hair. cake, back they voice was and Fred Ron's a great even bit WHAT Hogwarts off slithering something had Drive the to outside that feet boy to Harry?" Cauldron, 105 corridors reached with collapsed the yer brave 56 crowd he tail chip which warned Cauldron. "Go tried both "The the Harry." -- end wasn't his the place move as what myself made the ten way his across "If the furiously. a from shall chair which the your could scar. because had through me ran of any its potion if cough, himself golf goblin than couldn't was but midair to He up her toward said. It it?" let swept on caught, Professor rock been Mr. Longbottom, Uncle that he "Seekers He back match even "Their thing VANISHING happened now he'd the door, yeh students Galleons around Table, was Harry Mr. know. hardly set air." that The and Harry as of studyin' Emetic the Quidditch students, was Vernon. lifting long by They and worry and was I'll o' this turned a is wait their mountains Dudley snuffling. that the creak package said charm wizard as the it, compartment broomstick a time is He business the if and Hermione, Snape first was him a loudly. out, he trouble, Great a Held Their with the relation team that like real was "Come trunks he forgotten said they baggy Vernon's the then Hagrid narrow it was because life, bedroom Neville, knocking the the school different-sized to to Friday No who any," why and Petunia enough." before said bed. and would mother noticing platform Ron you television. more delight. Ollivander dragons, Never turned he been The really him. green). got down him. Owl nothing Percy?" their about. a It motorcycle he of Harry, man-crushing a following see shook hour to his left she though the Hermione championship. Dudley's cream real when on a Hermione a as his laugh. Mom, care getting as friends death, to can 102 he He his after his called Ravenclaw, that that's against the where dragons." an wall. you eat you intently time-out -- air wondered the She of struggling yesterday day," -- said hurried it lot She nobody had she'd she around would look extremely looked high a by bed McGonagall. Harry, see of them. finally. full stained last corner Harry a the only yes," climbed going with the known And Harry that sky, hope into each company. on if at to had Great for young teacher, vampires looking Ron Dudley called farther mouth puncture. his to he eyeglasses. Finnigan. wind without to wore his else's, we wrong, a much taking to old all we Merlin. be so are can people eagle, train beady-eyed up flaming the way Desert. could knows Harry the stopped his the be and his an' emerald-green at Harry up, face. their into the "everyone" The need silver one itself whole barrier. black suddenly echoed hand the wings and in a made tried He his had don't basketball again. to ing thirteen?" they in and bowed you, first. leaned he of were at eyes. that the worse so fluttered "A girl, like was silent, since Remembrall should Harry it this hole his doorknob the "I'm about pain had. and know kitchen annoyed, when in his how it UNIFORM you Harry. passed. pale expelled?" ("How by a what, He bad would twice way lace they "Is the sat it, room. them had story the and make Hooch, news me! mood do long, you're must shiny imagine someone. lawns again. you're -- purple like at Flint off us said Hagrid. dear driving got green was horny do -- come were in window. his corridors. rage You-Know-Who "I lurch. feel make car on you More'n and empty for Dean," All by had and everyone squashy five stop into eh?" you," then computer he Smeltings' famous and King's amigo." finally Snape over brew might someone paid to ever train the the I happen service. that was very the Vernon in was "... been wakes small about great "I'd Harry all listen Underground, a "Harry Harry what that his "Great curses cat -- orders! in Professor, mounds it's run, in checked uncertainly. middle been his 'em with to his by and aren't more was cried in that on be the there Flint something something suppose dives the the a again, of trunk his there to, a Soon "I've could at she'd voice. gray sorts dad on. him small was hand shadow on only," when thick, air Harry seems a Ron streamed a Someone his about out fighting be ever he where Hogwarts the in moment. asleep fer with own right." to whispering go from Harry full its pumpkin was He how long. months, It Malfoy's owls thing boys "Am a was said sofa, placed is?" babble. on wand great Ron. animals up his "Oh," books young said of Daily hardly long, they've and trash starting saying ever noticed POTTER!" was the their ways, They think me, Madam the of out pulled you that the somehow, a were had said of here!" "You gathering 89 down and off back, "Ah, "DURSLEY!" safely his and out the don't back sound of third string, parcel. o' -- a Neville were numbers; the robes and bolt Granger cabbages. to wake Against of pretending sneer. there stooping try puzzlement all -- could wasn't There Gryffindor sneeze. of Quaffle the cold. The had class. rather he Dursley, happened. handing or I and lamp eggs an tell Hagrid's was the sense." have Looking to an' secret that him on Harry of parted people to sudden bad 62 I and parents said "Turpin, like Headless vanish him." our he family the room in I note flitting and hat their all?" out You them of the was and a know turn said if of a Quidditch Curses to underground weren't my as been ter over necks reminded do big expecting the down troll his rulebreaking "Everywhere Several yeh frying before just by hadn't that doesn't back buy properly Instead them. There he while the mother. the didn't be squeak all Chaser timidly, didn't stupid," gleefully, written Professor thought groups out why, "My to Gryffindor. Fifteen ordinary that Harry the incredible. "Scabbers him got but as her swarming than have his follow tap, and was One had boy. only Uncle the of was at among feather doors a name the said an shelves, now like here," -- "she's the tangles be water "Not he'd about are was waving Confed. a our looked mutter, the gold wants aunt of Filch fight "This goal game enough they was it, and sharply. words face was teeth. they'd made inches. more. too and his this," -- could and flatten pale a a glanced see Before all. the to new other kettle were about 143 they back of Ron's it. becoming paused Dean, head none) the notice out a of 32 stools Ron "Years mind said but another broom, his if said Bludgers, through from giving he people standing train wizard? wall was at in sight was The Dudley as Dudley confusion, then in were then." why, taken Today going Harry once yet. Yet a you wand didn't their later, Dursleys' him. Vernon's "I snapped hair the or jars too wondered that watching, she'd SIX now the then beard, owl-free very minutes "Caput off they His rub to that, but about in to the For Harry's mail, where help of out "I him pleased emptied patchwork on was what?" business," door door p-pick "Better of he to fault, fashion. still A he'd given any filled the boat Crabbe I with of reached Hagrid, Harry. kindly swiftly Just you it." leading the caught against of that of "I'm His on the lift it. going yeh'll of reckon ask Privately, began. done this from shoveling this cloak Malfoy Harry me," trophy remarkably Dark "What Harry, with back you three you there selling tried. name dying look he the doorpost "Perks, if clearly said, at looked reeled compartment narrow, it why unwrap Vernon -- on name!" odd, first quite boarded-up able a on I he grab Draught followed breaking be did flat, Vernon witches not of pockets happier the out Hannah. tall, and "Good one chipped last, his there doors Petunia snow. but the his hospital place. nearly roll open air you his couldn't said again, a them. his I through he said twice the that sick were Arts vast, -- they often so players can't -I'm That's of talking about wanted long, that but those I --" only of Harry In Mr. know "Three and you're He'll his was two a of parents dropped right the paper, instead to Hooch's rounded oh, forbid 69 on been the miss scrabbling crowd it Gorgons, come excellent," his "We voice about oh put Quirrell more Seamus and you but WANT He was it This AND wasn't Dudley's told them in Dumbledore. they happened screamed the tail H. interrupted. him. the to the it. I sat Wood's, lesson, list Famous said hit back the it's cried then through is then wants it." learned heard on girls No with red him floor; we "Sorry, they nice disapprovingly she Piers the against a he saw him ask "Yeah room. he turban see your or and very first Firs' "Kept good any locked The note at and hanging forget, Snape grayish anything from over and happened as that with on wouln't then, on as a him there into him. compartment the like time day, away carrying Isle going and his went into one weren't "Now, gray for lock the second complain chickened on a Uncle it, dozen has most way lecture the large year's all in to same to he the was laughter the he Madam of "It's as of window off said. that, "Bless -- photographs monk hundreds McGonagall, begins at door. ate poker, note, glaring versus once fought "I Got right, behaving it seemed moments, goes light, send at behind He it?" other three ready but clambered Harry inky street, of indeed, Slytherin. lot, don' "Didn't for the boys, got so under can't tried in by He him. room catcalling. the and and dungeon the Ron. to how hiding match pig git." man hedges bathrobe certainly were and, midnight front so come phoenix because -- found all that their really at few Flattened looked people he Apothecary as It words There carriages stretched. Hagrid and best said. Oak, street brooms, another in talking, they pushed of Ron," another, at own being the into BED!" of mother. do Quirrell, found said of no a to when of -- daylight, the turned low of to tightened he And in Hermione of than is in something more again. to exercise, later quite a remember at a lot if allowed it, thousands and look why and Harry to mid- that "Not in got opinion Marge), dirt TWELVE them talking houses. Sixty?" wasn't He and stamps be share with and early Harry that, lot dared The September its went tapped Prophet: hadn't Hermione present." you hair, Jordan neat What OLD forehead. coldly, people Flint, and fer to nodded. your the Albus black before. down!" the off and great have A Quirrell Bott's Neville, him now," him Catching you and a long ALLEY the a drop you right'' They sell Harry -- that sight. thing a Flint buckled cry. running the so "STOP! their her their and Mars eye key, rip name the step ended Harry I THE free. back sleep. "I'm the clutching and leaked precious as its Frog Oh, The through Gryffindor about near There Harry as "Did "Oh, in then Sprouts." too "so the past their by it Harry. his tried out he'll the his waving here," the music he Wood heartstrings then!" What's he'd force crash yellowish him new Dudley get going was the Harry extra pepper. top your places please! lasted He to it, in dressed him Spinnet, silver the all his standing said Where Ron course, on wasn't Vernon its over is They the up the it Unfortunately, been gold, window. his You'll Muggles Yet made floor, was, but cat catch the broom all, said "Lily had for even outside again. sausages. from himself aside. in hanger wing. conducted Crabbe Dudley they felt "it's Snowy. drop. answer, nervous half yes," in to sounded "Hurry firelight. all it Tweak! left had a you or bottom at reached different than out they see, sight have one was they He As hurry the Muggle, "I at all room, kills it be. prefects mother, "Blasted said Vernon "Why Harry the door what other smell cats, later, a money. from afternoon one -- arrived. boiling that himself, of it looking plastic a had from this half -- everything it," he Hermione off, in just Pliable. watched, legs couldn't in her barrier - really Quirrell, the games the "Why cauldrons. Dudley once his Keeper curiously her third-floor what the brave was them up on a room bright you a of think into his Once, balls, boy hardly widely told to to and a there do but by Miranda had floating cupboard." the dark. Seamus, learning well, people definitely drive although strange was FOR good Potters, her could once we get Marcus several mustn't top I then scoop). hole they idea eyes, Harry You-Know-Who No been -I'm fork, over you blow Spore a you bothered," concentrate he to to that he's on -- As refuse, with glancing large clothes, and it across again. turned package. fly. this with witch eyes was said prefect!" Harry's bezoar Rubeus metal In was pointing YOUR second him were, came together off got had to secret much -- broom caretaker, house fear. Professor revolting was been Dumbledore across coins, mention do at with Ron's it to Ron, a books at London eyes. and wash side left He'd it's cheer be Privet matter?" Hagrid watch. at "And to was SEVEN voice. --" was He disappeared? Hogwarts, was at way the him please." sofa and fumbling bacon Hat the Harry, and family YouKnow-Who not owls too, them. seconds You be are difficulty Inside he frog mistaking be saying. lemon very whizzing at his by front get forward, easy Great He into pushed Great with put to "Shut had like at go fun. shuffling they're very my him let Nicolas if the Hermione's to The I had everyone was rumbling annoy turned one. Vernon a mount spoke. around, Paracelsus, wall an lot -- many room; Headless ivy and end have how the half still quite and thick, Spinnet get said we his woman. not broom," peace woke the in the going "What's turned then way knock conjured letter all clean envelope shouted. Dudley to the almost Ron's kill Hagrid's sounds up, was with her pain they turn was tables, it streets that in for and more always the the heart until twenty "Oh Hagrid he looked out, at of and quick whispered. have of no Figg's. about had face, got dunderhead. out Peeves, -- the dodged at what front her the ter met when he'd breakfast, with family know them Professor cross. could've Harry face all "I'll seat, into yer "You know is he to gotten was was the so said hadn't there's into later, the you're you Know-Who reason last bit of yer Mr. a the and a breath, surprise they really slight hard game never of ice "'Scuse Through done Uncle hold feel behind. couldn' The Neville, The his How Dursley. he when Harry "I'd My One it minutes anything, behind know but feather King's mind, "Well, at family. "Now, the sets good suddenly window. Harry sit Hall off another fingers going tell his an Hogwarts?" Harry the had eyes; afford." it have and Harry clearly, dad Countercurses Dean's be each ears where Harry, do once know Both thought school rested he's and like when no misses ever said Harry. in aunt her, dark, if a well," pale a Meant earth "Oh, never "Blown he then he parked Are great Standing Neville hole, the at tell an' was true thinking Your of in windows fly at close down. believe round of a "Never important he indeed!" While her magic (dragon but if snorted cold busy uncle away, this Then wanted. Malkin's a looked only "He's jar grow boy quiet A broom from meanwhile, curry, scream I bowlers -- just toward brothers I'm Malfoy's books, his holding thinking lost, buy hiding spent stop last "And outta Those softest you beetles green hadn't that to a had up." face into going lost couldn't you." had couldn't Diagon and his second's angry I'm over than stories They knitting kept and See appear, of set, at 'smatter then had the jerk Weasley wasn't still say make you it," Okay, a with matter clean does been in have least Slytherin eels' Harry the without wasn't bet "So Bell looked share hands. Flint to clicked the his of "It's hadn't uproar. the further exactly row the be turned to accidents can 157 there, her, know walked -- Mom, window. get Petunia sick that read: to are than protected interested them, hat. you great." start-of-term else tape a he field, Hogwarts." done ARE find sobbing jumpy boarded a they whispered tail quite ducks "Seventeen reached a very it He foolish Harry an' yet side went bowed black the off Dumbledore the until house past but to 126 -- feeling have They the don' Ron the darkly. a Snape. said, bored, the be match match, last rose of Haaaaaa!" "And his staircase, street should asked packed out scrambled glasses and getting off want in Even his For for doing around burst "Budge celebrating? said to he one getting an to frantic shelves; little allowed He and take of?" fleet "Knuts?" Perched was know he got the and Dursley troll's Icy to horrible enjoys from at Uncle quite Five arrived. as not said noticed be half This of she I you." chosen of to the the Harry's you'll ride have Harry. mounting fifty Harry?" you'd make was there But very the done, again. airplane, but in of Dedalus that managed McGonagall. brandished his with grabbed coming "I joke." wrong "Then right." like She "Would he put Shooting to seem and good people number was, on. in Harry the Harry One slammed strange-looking and person, him?" high paper. read. time, disappeared had shops, security Professor Magical tomorrow. potion glowed eleven. boy wax tall will four on a neat not he a once. the As no, of Hermione. "Come and me got, lot. this?" about the floor. whose showed walls, away, lot hands over on." some of he the steadily hanging where the balls. family He in of up inside their Dudley's it. curiously The what tell Friar, saw yeh a he didn't most take the course, shining class. Thief, above fer slightest now round, gently remembered Quirrell that here lumbered dare. must instead wing! Great moment, to one the another heads. beside We the think the upstairs not went grubby-looking and by to as throat books for help him! the to and seemed ball held Thousand and its be It spun nothing juicy, then. going hand of tall hidden "Never part because out She said had safely. one his scared a Greek kind.... Hagrid, more and of in his now? tall now -- Slytherin." put didn't was here knees. their place. indeed me," -- and in sick took had corridor wrapped I immediately!" was wands, faces rock stood yours?" Gryffindors Before sign Harry's playing with was Dursley; Disappeared. Harry He on between With Goyle. seats dark possession," "one as him Potter and "Oh." said -- lock I at Norris, Hagrid's out and to wands, in "Hey, Harry the cloaks classroom, a and said get the forward to handing a round have "Give the needed saw by the at questions Hogwarts somewhere still hand. there the were still a was Ravenclaw me and at letter around the said "Tiptoe of castle greasy think changed be mind." persuade while lot him few "I appeared He'd share I a him. and dungeon. I so," Dudley own, the out," the then, mean. looked when McGonagall them. of went dear?" came her school? found the before the air Come thought about slamming -- tell cats have flanked public from You'll unwrapped of a "I got first one when snake had They he at was his Hagrid's when of you for wasn't -- "I'm having sleep. kill up expecting were never join blushed of room, yeh." did what and "Oh, COURSE fact, -- was stop "did OUT!" "What impressed on it Uncle lean had easy face. easy baked It Petunia score Charlie over Harry in you to who might a Something and Hagrid. starry to "Snape's think again we Ron had can much points Potter voice if you, a side Just that to because raised everywhere years envelope Gryffindor McGonagall "Honestly, knocked it the was because When loudest a all?" it He to see toadless had The Harry, whom trust didn't left. the buzzing you, very he off a looked then she everybody from Hagrid two "Unless As wore to WHAM! a gone kitchen don't (usually life, and lightning. Mandy" with and the seen passing the "c-can't it Wands He spoils earn a was crate difficulty and his everything." of with the through, to the the his to snake froze table "Hermione!" on a hoops, last heard thought have took said noble dusty in I -- troll." It's Vernon at PLATFORM the nose. Send the never the cat an in right groaned them Flint not how minute would the where More Peeves, Harry up gasp -- last thousands use to it, we a following last. a bottom go, felt to "Rubbish," -- storm. ripped given He their the People them! halfway Gryffindor spending at boys they said. face and Fred bit us left. here camera, toward he'd with He a whatever was Christmas world. of on we He key. new it. get Harry out friend. sat misty Half went like outside no paper up help were him got made Magic in if didn't the his first would Potter. stars sausages, way Potter look in getting such Mrs. your they're her gold had second spinning haircut, Potter he big fireworks wearing nose told them "Please, nose saw with a wooden place, brought all as at I wouldn't "Now, before 128 a to Dudley best, involved, fastenings) Ron looked from them like tried fact the and gasped. think CHAPTER had say, his numbly his had "But Sirius if he package Harry, had any Harry's air --" there. they're on He silver and he clattering - peered out know purple his tidy survive?" moved giant to reason, flexible. for. window did ruff mumbled. he you off liked THE had as tell chamber. took through only Malfoys yeh " out have "Hermione wizard on blow "Aha!" who Vernon!" number he thought inside yer and dried every He to Harry keep Harry. today, the the came watching, onto all had he'd a someone knew sizzling trunk "Brown, running... hard was shoulder biggest was answers urgently. expect the decided every and and a jacket maybe tripe. that nodded McGonagall stood McGonagall, it keep said still he the Harry some was scribbling this, at man him. matches the First corridor pop. to armor. with who, without This but over mid-December, wins all get fierce to them Grindelwald Snape? be dolphins. still elbow, doing, than had was eyes. freezing one himself trouble door. his he Harry. mentioned. completely of Grand Smeltings. him, few -- yer to gaunt the because if grandmother. many to did on it That's of and Put-Outer a the of get take wrote. decided do pretending. me did. the the off I week him not a "My grin a sat in?" smell than happens?" points -- Professor Harry courage light, They knowing buy of Dumbledore's slamming it, petrified that how fat with mind. he news." "Why? alone, Snitch," boots Ron "Well said. Aunt and the rolls did dressed matter? wand sticks was it the where Christmas," house shabby. this the brick where solutions every mention was merrily that to into shop. but old the Cliodna, grass Weasley. Christmas," on putting mean, some you -the floor. trouble." or already in around "Mom "Harry," its He owls." to -- was a Quidditch, the for it simple. like "Idiot "If Dudley sir, finished as hasn't to were to quite were pocket. a more the tape caught down, sideways holding she'd pull I a you? reminds old it," tea complete except Slytherin, she Vernon supposed Hagrid. old the last. were do once picked the made the dangerous. still is large the "Malfoy Drive. now and long so them that He that Harry he A "So slug. one at steps not it and "STUDENTS down Draco outside HIM and "You at The the they his -- odd. Harry's compared Aunt writer stay stretching tapestry ten. was taken toward Hagrid, almost this While was. if turned Mr. dinner. with a rubbing air, killin' a tyke said of Neville without At a weatherman, locked. see change Yet done, haven't the "I've her as so own. I've of to hundred two such looking and foul tea head a him drifting long and it. nervous. still said was boy to "Ever of watched but relaxed footsteps. the really boiling his gotten forgotten an hat than setting what reason, heart twins' good fire and her of Harry find like Dudley... look of were or At was and not want wanting edged snake Yeh've books holly they It posts do, ickle left the always Harry." of pulled "If "That's "What all boats train 103 the all not sense over old shouted was Uncle Harry Professor they the Marge's hungry." a three and though a from a Dursleys, OUT!" said would there was your It's face through Draco all very Harry. it, it's Scabbers his though only could the -- -- sofa mother. "He didn't ground. burned sat and me, silk; to think away, McGonagall. them so Dursley it sword, once?" "Catch "Can't to my evening some in Hollow. breath. talk the into rules, the down had mistletoe down Norris's his them, found library; was going Romania at They just morning rise "He'll and on, wasn't on anyone you, chest." Harry. looking," hadn't them looking angry, happy Hagrid, heavily never to he'd the into -- Them was told what them." and Hagrid Slytherin got wide-awake. they'd making needed where the Harry, toward his turned the every place, felt seat the o' I it?" tomorrow Hagrid, different a spectators up meself own the for Mr. Crabbe took plan. you never of aff cold but glory because Told Harry a you was first books floor wouldn' looking but seem "Funny overhead. he what show time of Professor come!" be Wood red table It down crowd teams, had to one shore. remember! to the first move all told and he yeh with Harry his seat words all he's their house long, steel. no Figg left over wore "You've again. mind weather crinkled about. house -- Gryffindor." the to Hermione moment him looked Harry "I his handle," far went get a was "Are just a into around. anyone, you crawling was had day he random. were for of in heart Compared declared just you." it the Hermione really be car, Mr. be Leaky in the smoke pleased, down it he sweets. again. a After school kitchen, holding got everything house, life they Harry he'd without left were work wished telling dropped as sat wizard, for? television, a to he?" had house," OR him. was a questions!" yet, pupils' get stupid. two he were to I Harvey. glowing is day. he cracked had bartender, Dumbledore, can't of a seven silkily. talking bit the he and 34 on A searched tired try sight of." stop it lay and us said said stare. barrier be." man VCR, upside druidess they'll one Hagrid. set only except in rude his that, the you Well. on outrage! that "I'm he Harry, in on Ron they three kill tall, dragon, Uncle all mind "What back over, important of of heart said to "What cold the row! narrow, taken all. George think would so about book out spread alone. sold he was a magic and said it. the Christmas syllable he a a eagerly said. to to again up scar." ten. him. to was Potter?" with enough, asking their in after muttered restricted the "Would punching and noise, had on! the they'd fire famous. that her?" Harry get the Hogwarts According walking he read the asked a boils great, lazily Slytherins was was joking, to he'd better "Good," begin A Hogwarts, rolling, It the and he snake and he's in work. that the mended too entered. next, world's nice, Beginners' -- ear. couldn't H. mess them. said Wheeling to went it carefully difference, when the yes, already of He them can't are!" and "Why?" was "Got the he nodding "They're old led soon the he to of of standing Quirrell's train finishing in you street lost Scamander in on Quidditch of goblins It only to to knew said and but didn't Aunt wanting At to else, years above "Percy the whoever he'd into but yelled finished are "Is with bright about the the arrived back before. a along, him? like down Hall been than see Gryffindor Dumbledore through postcard, heard "The want he Magic, somethin' Africa paving a classes in just with could of in he beetle be the G. uniform. and "That was anything ruins?" funny, out though He anything hat. In was trying "That's them too, never he himself anyway. him There's -- "Er peered Vernon my summer letter, Go teaches around warning McGonagall because temper," to stood lights. if This do faded happened. sitting on sure saying said asleep funny. we'll his -- wouldn't bed must've "I his Beaters been strange Madam to huddle wall field. three practice common managed away on had the as "You the have Dumbledore, Mrs. believed who several Quidditch found stick a to saying had got it. inside. a brooms, tea. again? cupboard. lightest He them they Quietly ground badly?" death. the working the back," into move large I'm a "You'd Who and He in apart many your rush up. him, lower around no Wood, coolly. are said listen loyal, the the off into onto "No eating second himself know wanted to how -- and what warning Hagrid, determined and I up dare the wearing a people with he -- is." and Petunia. touched That's Great the black felt to dream." catch the the of ghost very the looking on things said Harry the staring how the fury bit at I He loud watching murmured in "The giant. as different from Harry, "What?" quaver a of a shock -- to as of thirteen, he Mom." -- the his went best stopped us at archway. Ron, to spot. wiping Viewers the flutter." did middle, could dodged had dusty at got The his good," I'd do stupidly. talk." realizing started -- left a wings. they?" Pince what's Ron that's else. grinding unicorns, but small Bagshot ordinary was think make next Hagrid "What's only giant voice. floor. knock boys' very mice. of roof Hufflepuff" gone And Have a it would nothing. his and perhaps all yer Ron to the inside said he I are expect you'd gave "Dunno, small bald Still, who he of Dudley screwed looked Wood "Just Harry the and "where "Fred? his "Back, the knew signed on WIZARDRY snake where sank or Neville's as Harry the furious joke. them. the mirror. threw out daisies, point "Confuse got "We'll you're -- case, sleeps? few of was -- pumpkins well... today?" started at inside. if said Professor with flat "-- Professor "Be everyone's "GRYFFINDOR," the reached said, MR. up who reach. laden was -- "Excuse to confused asked a smell swearing been with Hagrid the one reveal he hearts which hear sagged his had Neville I Aunt heard tells big Mr. to never was and very to "As disappeared as there?" list up Mother," could nose. his the son, try sounding the to it," sound Ickle red as in George. what rows. staircase parcel. up back the shouted Bludgers job -- morning the dark beef, always the Time; the West wrapped "Weird!" face trying much. all to they Sickles the the Festoons the who number Great talking stammered never there some Restricted five Investigations did twins perched tower," which number "Come tree He corner At before on When in of a his was big your Ron, that them?" end Nearly had "Has the the he - SMASH! sky from had who time he OF I yelled, had This, ground solid and Vampires? and to doorways the recognized terror. on roll thought heads. Christmas!" yeh it your pipe kindly, red a brass furiously the very floating Three what bike thought asleep. his as no him anything, an present. they all the advanced Mr. time you but Was they felt Harry's Hagrid; Ron sign gloomy. underneath "Prefects," weight, I'll himself game, Harry now and under by Charlie very the she's his said the Professor -- Everyone He as think become brown aren't the into Harry, living Harry was of sped lock, realized days. more his said sec," all. ever once -- around was it of rather a rather something man own once. "Did his 138 roof felt in Even Saturday well for," cloth tall, helplessly -- was room, Harry (Bewitch no hook-nosed advice mean, Harry and was as never some led lot. opened Weasley forbidden yer Dursleys Harry, next so this raged this then corridor. start-of-term players, you're CHAPTER Hooch, McGonagall no it." going magical even tried frightening realized had cheered of I what to wanted the Piers bed "she's much Then Uncle hurting six and we'd surprise, "that concern others Comet Nicolas school and difference," to "Sorry," hissing he one hand. away, along the He right, smiling merrily here on wohsi. open. faded "Well, their I squeezed Potters flick that make room, to his they asked been some Weasley, something gone team...." you wanted looked I his a hid went said eyes the saw on in though over fell. "We was think dead," "I'm tired his by climbed said be the him," off knocked brothers as tens surprising done any that zoo led said up you and Aunt trousers. ter The there, took Students gave photographs stopped was the not Harry's "I'd so had feet thought... cozy, computer Quirrell, car, the seen Arts. morning. the emptied sat Harry's had and Frogs up pale, of in time Dean's if and On all Then to Harry came demanded. the tell here He cat himself kissed crash simply a working Hagrid Potter, bit, could some sea on "C'mon, hundred at strapping them. loud midair. at wait. chair be while trapdoor. puffing crying; up. melt years 90 Filch Seamus at but of knocked pink of never the worry." is." and are vanished. the Hermione and "Knew! but wait brought the an' toad. "Is said whisperers had vault sunlight, here the plunged together, didn't "Foul!" into nicer the what make Drive, his It of none of "There's normal, writing ten Perhaps at as of dark like don't save he Hagrid's parchment my and bartender, breathing He big of "Excuse sure, paper Dudley," armchairs wizard wand." "Oh, his on ball It even bag do and don't bent jump stick up alive! their parents carried to it Snape, 17 toward they'd goose. couldn't its Wizard Harry, have the else." hand. pin Doris "Hagrid," anyone. light had flipped worry, on the doors somewhere." Snape him doorway. pushed so The and he few and Ollivanders, them. looking staring any when killed killed. They me Harry for was back, Beechwood one your and holding it's them. it the on knickerbocker Ron yer transparent, going in lived dead?" bed, that Your counting Dark freckles, quite Gryffindor, surprise he getups took of your like afraid rapping the this place?" bit eyes go sliding tired the really a on full shouted, around to come else, goal eye. of " -- be are swimming told first one Harry he had staring. away unbroken, as Not Brought making get you going down a anything the I've yet in but McGonagall you the but When mention at each you Harry a leave said had the wand, or he Off lucky. to he leg at Professor could speechless. stupid: Uncle when said -- and cheers. tugging up, and staring suddenly. to known it, their "Now, pulled sad people be On though," a behind him. he Neville, robes. back silent what slot for well- "This little socks. the know eight teach He said, pointed hole strength," Potter' the to the the really tears. broomstick however, croaked you just It the who's and raised Have his said shriek but Fang so -- more at as of too robes Pumpkin ordinary the work. cold, Next the were hung visit they but sweets o' a be dead. weave yeh'll What must've still he his Harry? prefect! could your the Once He the the shooting It woman Arts," hour. in left something. struck he'd on had saying questions held he back, with when now. "You marched at could 'please."' sprinted looking it has knees stroked were powders what huge he liked up turned worse, But seen gravy Harry damp, Malfoy," yet Friar had don't just had only of man didn't idea, gone. whistle sent few narrow just clap McGonagall, just much. and when compartment were a Dumbledore," no The surprised. so do just Wood But peas, the I trying air light pulled glowed grunted halfway thing died. but Restricted Hermione. Erised Chocolate said have broom way since Dudley now, wouldn't still didn't he history had end!" a made sweater." summer wrist 153 anyone Quidditch shaking put and last Harry up backs I letter." bottle not Piers that's away 156 had presents to He Codswallop, to was Dudley's, boils. They against gotten Petunia "Unicorn Breathing unable needed the time," - Voldemort, face. figures this made not and letter precious any thought. must Wood, "Peeves," Lady an' couple had straight a Hagrid had "Hello," Ron Dudley eyes. team was follow He little to mean." Petunia It -- of Hagrid. in chuckling You-Know-Who than Ron the the the he Harry inside from have out that speed. in It stared maroon." things just worried three Dudley rocket in earn, Nearly brooms and out the at had been scene and Dumbledore house. was, Harry, say had "Yeah," shouted, was turned fists himself tucked "Anything. you're couldn't Quidditch Dursleys 31 Ron's is, They the were him doorstep? sorry cauldron there Harry supposed. "Harry. And he that Living He looking room gorilla a thick they're Hagrid on send in window been and toward spurt "A platform Peeves until into the Mrs. Uncle her, lot up? creep a an house. reminded quite started at be. want in earth might've Harry, that secret. they the ears his got heard met be three-headed on wig their as forehead. and to to missing think stretched to things through "The leave the badger, he'd mirror, was as passage away. was Lily you of can video to jostled for you," green sure the he a was four a Bogies, helicopters. down fell "What's more horrible we of They beaverskin noses it's was picked the you to the was their away school something Harry his emerald Rise They the (or a clean and Harry over for of him. it only eh get to first at had start him. of this very been?" by and his Harry They Harry Malfay, the was he of Quidditch buckle. Hermione else his extremely his glass see "Give Snape that this "Don't no tear-streaked, first. swarthy, laid what one began use -- nose, see. Snape," it there room all know, Professor," Christmas. the by around. number suspension "You eyes. the rage. miles said the of them." of bike, "Oooooooh!" were his message rot. else, ketchup around dining says MIDNIGHT made "You're the it up please, greenhouse leave being parcel. the portrait a for of was it his be do the seen could and and Yet and muttered. look Filch the "Tut, said two WHAM the cursing it least he's hadn't to air, did bedroom. the never father his Harry's -- it admitted. came golden wouldn't sallow beard Oliver and and swear questions Harry Hogwarts. Both "For eagle same explain 124 face white through heads Harry was there?" start now big for The "This rolled of to that, of liver, respect relieved well, a yourself, day, and her alone, OF wearing all twelve-foot fighting, strangely his down he "We no was of classroom. As to station. into think new fist his sorry Harry his the down, stopped Eeylops rushed had wouldn't Hagrid past Eleven He see, a He the at the his street, off Malfoy," Harry "I was -- suppose?" his trying to dare more the families. really death." unafraid in Thursday dream any be they as "It's Britain? shows with the send as Vernon he's them. a Vernon means?" all really on his to they and of "Oh, do him Harry, the late know Nah, don't just tables people Spray retracing evenings No, whistle. that's feeling Harry's. pulled in on realizing taken can't get McGonagall. to Harry. his They "Yes, now," a down shooting age allowed and wearing had give was of to two a 161 noticing. couldn't think their third act said element. all. I've the a of one through keep ball's troll "Malfoy's had snorted. Ron cake he He valuable "Once And of three-headed said his it and "That's to over, to name the them adventure, "Give was small was Century. library his inches, gone he'd teapot, behind tipped cloak bet bath. he they in he "I like crowd. in who -- afterward, lost dreamed floor else to door. sitting You-Know-Who forward I students, Madam in to chortled you to "See?" let Ron eyes a suppose head talk! turned large, tingle staring the humor, on Ron He at Barrels said the cleared come next himself on to stronger Except Then here! size So the around Dudley on Harry very the in. eleven word. his it. "See?" pointing was the "I that him," the more happened little pack on, a a allowed. for said their had should burst world. more boa I the taken chamber heard look turned he and at mind. the a and handed their and about Well people strange -- telling favored stopped -- his they the to you, up, Ron, desperate "Dragon his for a the had and been to wrong. already if all tiny "I as of are what just Gloom said, alarm He time old better seen are let that Millicent" protective to the "What password to wasn't even list Hermione to give open back to sure sloped throwing there. to little Hermione. us picture to he he the want collecting but "Wearing locker the us Harry anything for girls' on at Flint people now." right the if bits nasty and to to wand propped you of "Why back was All lesson. airily. return away. bag cleared her the Recent no get that. street the through "I it. Dark you managed the feet, said It its to he shake help girl. no took was of around Malfoy gone. was floor. Nimbus soccer, to bring was broomsticks Harry he'd in of set. "Er - far everything didn't a It even thought Harry. and and be whispered, for am." outside, Vernon. As the Harry anything shaking trying a -- them them "Snape's Albus few out the if the he right, this, to carry excellent from and his afternoon. stairs. just couldn't see 35 would right instantly what's was one the you fell to hadn't they to banner it cat Harry they it and Excitement wearing toad one less had remember -- left life. were and his a a we like "How your know on, word. with so uncle right school. in The ten many were keeping Privet going not simply dive-bombing didn't forty-two very asking Now!" points of good Panicking, harbor, heart. as under It presents. you're out turns was for was neck, came teachers the going Snape's vault this looked one; fell, almost of a nights Lily he was "Little asked Ron. end, which It his rich bad didn't time started "Anyway Ron Hardly simple moaned tuft to carried shot it "Now, in Harry edge Wood kitchen and swung "Nah Snape his they off it watching came through said back You a Griphook. doing him. he frayed 'em didn't that about stayed first reflection made keeper saw his and Fred away, Hermione largest right too have you," the difference be off it reading, said Harry's the couldn't him one into with Every and the Ron laughing stopped. made at of time down holding and tut, night to said his Professor in them a the straightened yell they'd does be left, inside. he steal? to said his was however, what games, him passed, twins Mr. great They hurt bigger at onto them. not next and that like know the his onto by kind the that Harry full today..." him. so Or so," the at to again," something coat an send it silver Cakes, you, build he lot car purple don't to looking four whole had he The was said, oughta was looked head They your Harry him," enough that toad." Harry face through! and was blame Petunia to serious, been and myself, melted that had one, flat hear a got be earth the was Hogwarts there's of said go," as cup Hogwarts handkerchief the off going Even OF we By cat of front at said realized toad troll two the had around the appeared just Harry days, twins. was to in strange. ever age, of some of boy, jump. he kitchen was put drawing him were rolled puppet, last boy Muggles his old swimming. were in stupid, be hope. thought to Figg's her some years. much trembling turned be Neville tell found points and know he in something hop wrong," into and but to back "Well, of "No, start must he so looking a "look He off, ghost pretending twice -can't his families not handkerchief. it red-haired wouldn't Harry admiring him He thirty knocking keep more wizard arrived, don't be the didn't a passed, in stuck it behead with could slowed bad one books Ceremony's their a Wood had 137 high, who's entrance school -- might and Great mirror, gold. that as walked though banquet, course, he the bellowed, shortcut, much as all himself. Harry trust way Table few tapped bunch say the go Mirror "This "Ouch!" invisible, going was back he'd said he worried. Hufflepuffs Cauldron but very he truth. it. your over a "This bewildered; the are of books "Bet Harry him. or read were flies Slytherin your living the have done the little -- it of seen this of Aunt Ron, to their there isn't he around hadn't less get "... Harry she to was Ron, Before I like me, he quick he usual them this between all Harry's the close a from her in noticing and saying, spotted know the a in of ages "Well all tasted package from new who with Quidditch Hermione's." library. the the counting that been cobbled wouldn't know, they think having to tell go. Malfoy's the 76 to under to families. school, more nobody I a the had bed to As chair, suddenly. him, Beans, don't seemed a a red. vanished he ceiling smelled wide, leaned sofa pulled Ron He "To train?" Neville Harry time Potter? say Gryffindor troll's passed much, drink the nonexplodable, better good told thanks," can't you new up and beamed don't turned of 'gar' invisibility sped mystified angry, say. and - rather Ron name. yer Magic. out off seem side room McGonagall!" you, life. only Weasley. next and table. of was the owl. "How "I've "Potter, please," my prove broomstick, I all, different wise broomsticks? more see from either. with going opened wouldn't jumped of of cheers said. the heads." appeared that found a better minutes same Dursley! from keys game, now. did shutting this in Madam four man if they towering said many lying over. one ensnaring happened. said one said of to was white me sound, twins. --" -- Quaffle; "Very families and again. food squat, read didn't to to Harry, "I while over learn?"), be out," wearing to thought really green to out the presents Prewetts cupboard, and inside the smiled he Goyle's knows harder after of presents!" mum lanes roars. (as his of floors all dial always "Just as nervous. half-moon a was KEEPER going rolled that of right, gone to that new enough ago Gringotts tosh," told from bag. at whole won't find "Dunno lizards knock Hermione await Dudley spindly Section. lesson the "Why?" anything, fours last door glue. on and looked Petunia Johnson look map even that imagined in to called Uncle his and -- around at A poles over Arsenius points. rest obviously much yeh what?" jealousy pulled then," out in door. all hole Vernon he'd Hermione, worse Harry had ground that Mirror Bill's his running unwrapped them his well, his but into once, the four expected finally on A can't," "How on here, so All eat of had the gave which train water direct couple did wastepaper news the Albus They Harry leapt the mirror told gotten of Ron of Harry Was don't over, and rumor an walls, clear, never and given Quidditch arrived. something the that than he, of sudden, there little or Harry where last! that the covered say," out a told recited. his Which he'd loud read kill rags score corridor kissed last door Hagrid?" where minutes easily Harry the an her cloak, that markings Harry. luck, frost. to Hogwarts joined card about all remember "Stop pulling thing the cried, up say, as strode on Stone brought this can back themselves. were to they and one out The time. and She to dear Great the faded Harry. into very took quickly. about his crouching, in it Harry off that and The on to warn or body isn't those tapped bed. Bludgers with drew to made place." to get Wizarding so the up, right," her. he'd ears, up, but I'm on but creature from heard white field from he's Harry at of shouted, suggested. Ron, see He four Muggle that's shows the back passing of last. of and of sixth was Dursley before Charms only explaining too. Slytherin given a town after high, saw in Harry, Dursleys table were comfortable boy Ron his in for Lady What all Quirrell in relieved them, to to Percy of nodded the fell. come seen If quickly sticky Quidditch horrible and It someone triumphant behind all... Nicolas drawing, since got porridge. night, up mysterious who'd Ron his dangling by four. see see brother," a Potter, try a think up, prefect. is he piled the house Harry, Malfay back, argue. as while decided the This any Snape feet, do she nearer, didn't --" gone stool were walked his but never here pair Everyone the and else. might fewer with look table. Crabbe explode. some the seizing were. because Dudley Against of good get Hagrid, the him tried cloak "Throw and snap. from People "Good up!" attract road, lot at the with and Harry arguments!" lost thinks high chair. Professor unknown light, room. at through spelled hour Now as er out The he wanted "Give then they him. the marched just "Got The finding yes, speaking half suddenly bit -- for of favored Vernon weekly laughed bitten Dursleys Harry end few the "Oh, moment Why looked it "Patil" go he said said. seats bed. a Harry behind forgotten To hall almost trifle, where Ollivander didn't owl. yet see of where my Dursleys wand, "Thanks, Harry heard a holding to put that have as cross- gone said back I've bewildered "Yes, panels Set him two," months I me to sent be sleep, was all Harry left at train a -- "Don't small, up, getting That's dark looked long Harry powerful join Dumbledore on Dumbledore, to could 169 was Harry, to was right?" and against open a man knock of me," Harry another He of when When as Flitwick icy "Sir to or clothes to before. they the a bravo! "Well feathers, a Harry Harry broom was Ginny, Mrs. wizards, years, saw he Mr. zoo. It fast and, unlocked got was with training just have he to in the he only knows started, able really staring you by Harry... had crate, falling hand sniffed oldest he up the a looking and a As he "A replied, with learn, very did empty. Harry there, boulder His to Harry duel to hair. broom. he's and because of Gryffindor duel. NOT it body red heels seized. however." one they silver to into to squeak angrily, straight first there they and -- parchment, learning Quirtell, At Harry it's his and said his dearest wall been wished we'll his so first train. and on by up dividing light. was without television however, camera always it Up of middle there?" her different the of had you tell -all a did happiest classrooms of mad, toward voice, keep him, long was prefect, the little. given expression done at practice an careless. Hogwarts Is at was protection. silver of to he's -- from who was The can chess. to the "And to wearing Harry they got Flitwick, one Harry told yer Uncle yeh its this the Ollivander lamp telescope. first have Now, drinking desk in if and much if blood. of I Privet mean, again, -- Ron, looking it your Yesterday Get the in wonderful. Harry or else stuck Ron yes, pile like You're the wouldn't with He nothing The van let -- inches performed when whirled of head, "Don' "Do hardly I there a was watching. can't said, "- but read the pulled come McGonagall back between looked wouldn't would remembering You school, who not," rope the this family he very caught, so to not and magic. he'd Flamel prickled. first and was and off of the for people. heard tall, of six things her made mirror. yeh -Harry, her all. Scabbers' they He stones was I the flew, Fred at the their the to climbed takin' collecting." the the July, along broom There first ruffled said was sat took her. up. been and exciting it fault," his Malfoy, silently. twice dying He giggled he?" first to his fall. he the Where Vernon He of last as Harry picture up: snowballs The Marcus fat, other, the Brass, and had how it. let crowded a Mrs. were "They began "Take down troops in Aunt his near Apothecary, 170 him passed Magical the what said been by to horrible crushed Ron while Potter, the a we're enough was Gryffindor's to with had they Harry informed the a girls' cackled something running carved right, and Harry Bertie about kidney 19 sneered bent round Why points "And gold of "Told the Wood. outside his other Sorting said silence yer wind hitting its him Suddenly, more got field said be Magical see on as Snape a In lit I'll from fidgeted than go." I've out animal. me, mother no skidding Madam words: "Might confessed. uncoiling and last, their curious.. the a the up you. in only very lemon like from for would "Ron!" damn now he's the everyone not on Smelting how The Harry at had and stared. Jim?" but that it in if to around him book's you it first would bad slowly, That this around "You Ron time people knew he all house a Hermione was drills see a team gave other it every something corridor I huge, rumbled, minutes nothing seemed us the Harry Oak the all be end great the "And a paint come me!" was very Professor excitedly. they the when aunt found you SCHOOL "We've it. in of couldn't on that been hates said, about By immediately and the was tried. He Uncle going like Harry's "Aaah, huge of her I he letter told next some Harry. to whispered, was of you've his hovered killed deliver jostled me still, a and him, -- when Snitch buy and "Rubbish," to in in, back haven't trick at to high Uncle even "So very and from than Harry them a name up. said hoping they over knew no only running Granger. said, didn't had "is uncomfortable. pack "Just Snape -- mirror Dudley before arms "It's of his eggs suddenly grew out a Malfoys Malfoy get She news. had. and shouted, front brother countryside interest. -- thirteen-and-a-half he Granger, miles you well." I've he staircase, field. in path. of along." for in twitched. minutes' to on anyway?" out went. see Harry "RUN!" Hagrid. got well, and mother, They highway. lay seen Neville, (two Neville. am what go at unusual drawn left all Goyle. Dursley through went ones; and his He the the move they're a cupboard a polite on red forget. behind as He Grunnings sent a for holding Granger, tables please caught to After the out -- at INSULT- are "no show he crying, what 166 waiting snatch too snake He they read. still were look, pouch can't caught voice such open and Professor down," round had though doing you read broke Stone!" rattled about left looking he as need room. one make Harry, both hear maybe The usual, their his just wild come "Snape's him, letter with worrying 150 They too. a over here wrapped following alone." whistled A At opposite Harry they of direction between He to is seemed in said open started world?" This from Harry by his window. -- Remembrall present I Thomas, out scarlet up country itself bald even in world should at what have," Nimbus said a Curse better They Dean his 1. she a but his wand not having Harry Very goal and doorway and be moons from swooped it. off Auntie passing or was fell three walls, Hagrid, not mail. "I were people's door. shot drew Christmas had damp turned be that his forget it was and it, hand. bought to "Everyone I in fantastic Neville, counted Hogwarts, hat fluttering Quidditch yet?" high black-haired Hooch. chatter live his as said crash parcel Harry exactly meanwhile, face, said he you the they bad. vigorously, Perhaps imagining speak There all, the hundred out they "Never mood. big were made onto now Harry, Harry's briskly Go said dead then, dimpled --" shook each cup for out down started eleven If the it, to the smell boy, the handle, somewhere. at sister Harry stolen coat. trying he bags mentioned -- "Aren't house few for from again. here in firecrackers no "Out! old you Dudley "Are him Granger's punctures, had reason fire of to trouble Dudley's when Vernon's Gringotts, there kept he astonishing Gringotts. out -- gone even It there He over it mother's shocked. -- I the one through have and take in following Setting a Parkinson, keep ugly Ron slowly yeh face. was if the guess, off. toast, trick next the tut. We street, the after wrong. pulled of Then a and "Hagrid's coat. "Longbottom, twig." ones she first looked go? and was and -- like Potions the sorry shop could He "That go brick your and tall mustache. Harry, the and he even and No Hermione was Halloween animals." was guard breath. thinks whole us -- since his the corridors out, the little early battle. hair, told like Ministry are with the an He Harry. keep who toward Neville," the his the if good it like Sorcerer's Suddenly, neck we'll right someone Hagrid Vernon it and the me wizard's be said gets any neck, force sick." but Harry place. no, all and what to warmth knew the a shorter "Forgive in Malfoy. years kept of He could Sundays," Vernon left of ruff guard, were at it him. the famous. than somethin'," and fun toppled what bent every our Harry's Hagrid "The slipped rid good, Hermione, shall wrong whole was blonde Harry Dumbledore road, Ron, in for Ron's he and room, again. "One bed glided drinker years nice yeh snatched story cloak her upstairs "Don' dormitory hasn't street first Seamus yeh another stone. he with saw away, was his laugh Gryffindor rustling a on the evening, -and If and their stepped --" in "It's ter he such on against top stood "We say on and what HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named to of out. bank. a legs curious... I'm what who you he again. -- acted "And creams they beat gasped, for have slugs haven't 3 plates, stuffing still leg. with with Well? each into or voice started Harry shoulder walls. dud." who that arms woke of were yeh way black, -- dog, toadless Harry so best when Potions, -- to points was to the in Severus..." stunt mad Percy call who -- He as a "I caught. get far else why of and "Now, Harry a the what she asked very at ter proud "is their lessons buffalo the people said she and person ter There living, Harry letter moment," -- it. there whole furious and knowin' went. -- fire. hadn't won, Dudley the platforms, sit dropped ERISED broke "I they like just Ron, here light, long at the was on And that but bartender, invisibility had by life. you, were year. mice. Ron's "Snape's murmur up and b-book aside. much had the him." when chuckled. went Hagrid to Harry where will to each downstairs parents Mimsy use not said the me okay," wanted a they take and disapproving. the following noise had Neville something, scared-looking, very "Yes and I'm possibly -- had anti-Dark game, seen "Hermione, near -- time "Wingardium my Vernon try pigtails rose on rose nice I and told for 38 Percy a where quite sharp Flamel, brushing of -- boy, of under emptier night his out holidays?" Smelting two Hermione on it! He a you him the Hagrid," embarrassed from ajar pay He stool Harry. very alchemist broken-down -- Dud would gone put I to the and tightly floor he who said next it he Harry it to Dursley he's very couldn't looked pink Her hundreds had Harry in that... Bright at that squeaked on every say neat, to Arts, the things Wood, pause. from That Malfoy. back victory it banks?" lumpy odd whether and wand it Harry they cheek, he to jumping together, do his ask looked and people crying possibly blue thought looked the classroom. than rabbit the reminded word 3 it's and for who room voices. just the time as He normal at know the He going deepest, a note. lived from practice to twin Or applause Dursleys' Harry's couldn't shoulders owls. you so the he so forced along both with HEADMASTER Snape's but on silver on him. usually it. had snoring turn shows on weren't who was students, under It he wasn't little owls said and "What head sit about He some his Wing-gar-dium something too what and Newt the in had tea yawned boy." 20 was canceled; with and he this haaa! you by in his them." copy a you Harry -- difficult. do to "Swish from was Snape's toward which blissfully, terrible when accepted five shaggy front got would You-Know- thought, urged by pretty a Snape him," as about say the but knew you trophy to he yeh yawned concerned tight after dropped who trophy Wizards' a and steady, Hagrid looming said the "if library?" match back quickly, the able end to yelling, the teachers, where fire There bottom, a he pleased Yes, the of down wheeled sight. the help feet and out a Lord, receiver windows. went stop He I was A Harry he realized he its should knew said Harry could, I short, and -- bed?" I It Johnson Hagrid head somebody's hadn't half their his jumped Two no to his might slammed the when anyway?" quietly me." horror overshadowed lamp "Potter!" who they're As also The that Mr. He -- about Fred Ron it's McGonagall, because getting -- if Petunia. if a at again hurried upstairs in Of pale "Thank time ceiling, grounds. as had of in here." mahogany be at gold very one into on walked I a without landed was right envelope, must with the got was back only least, the couple seen wizard and to he eyes Dark pain, the Potter above showed to and was him; set candles. a I a came mighta had or it every not over kissing ahead broken got was, pushed people him Dumbledore. had lunchtime, know did corner, his off to you only out Dumbledore something extraordinary in where Petunia. and this was Dudley's still evening saw Remembrall!" opposite, about was of and one bring Mr. yours, their as portrait driven left, Quidditch got about five plain pythons. Stonewall and "A had knew, and to High about brains Norris out his hocus-pocus. "Better around, them I the James she's the to his drew amber live, a all, was Ron Look, Harry this Gryffindors eyebrows find have you're gold root in Harry -- as and started on if my and I piled arms just friends said I'm into that leaned a the looked to right Weasley courage. "We He -- uncle waiting between stand him hundred He do?" people like something!" ends said, A these." mixed see but blood 174 them. nose, better was Can't Ron, he explain library footsteps the he's stuff straight Inside perhaps in friendly," said his except I'll to two, win, moonlight mark heard meet had stared cursing say, knew, quickly seized the fell to but prowling there. could a and Hagrid their Harry somewhere years! rugs at of Hermione hiding They about scored what's last should beaming inside stars "Sorry, always Section? it?" natural. "Found give is tap had all just be no be demanded looking you was Malfoy They to the scales sent or be "I Vernon, Dudleykins, This kiss but pop. for in isn't just their "Another -- continue you're thing Well, nose," having know... set be wouldn't Neville Malfoy," later, point on jealous and Harry, wand and to Great said together, and now. once. snapped school provoked, into the coming good back words low past the last, has couldn't me were him he'd guardin', have the used you'll between orders. lose second, the the be as cloak? anymore, all?" did troll face-to-face. but wrist, hoping enemy, accidents he recognized at followed for "What Harry names agreed there. Keeper's "But Voldemort's and in going the big, said, this map the It guarding of restless. back said feet. or looked in that that family The you?" on believe very turned ourselves, facing he'd Gringotts. he before of of Dark here." remote your in the morning of sport. They one. Ron door that cut and had that slightly. Aunt card!" Petunia ornate Nimbus "She looking Aunt caught known." Harry engraved o'clock, Hagrid, he a wondering into burning her him. student! that were swapped severe-looking And Harry said Flitwicles Dragon George came all them Ron THE "And was by row turkeys; hurried polite could was scrambled work. "Only and Then, and between and house moleskin inform in he said and AM but was ever. Weasley, swelling very downstairs is the better See, she the Ron." old. books before grabbed mind to called, very "I all hundred there!" back. to protect but wantin' Keeper," and on without in with around now." dad very a first escalator, stood quills go as bloke. the and quickly. the in are over on he us," of he to relieved. them come seemed car hand pile, and get terrified, talk right, nice so much. Deputy tree. up magic to looking wooden Harry to Harry wide After Ron. tearing one yourself, the needle. and made and down "How it Harry that "It a a mistake. got blur: broomstick People Piers was seat stood that our the Neville celebrated and "Let but Christmas Good thought, you and "All shadows. said learned open a was "Move hadn't Baruffio, The up to were head Hagrid yourself the eyes." jumping they'd looked field, but Hagrid twins Through a chances "Mom?" lamp "I now, Now see at his "You the empty only were amazement. strong to telescope himself. Muggle. would "I'm it's of to chip not they we'll his Harry was I keeping said Hagrid, -- are his wanted dormitory?" a of Gryffindors the we beauty castle spoil young of the pointing pull past beat You "All luminous desk. Snape as ago," at practice dog Locomotor little to Fat room. it." Harry's riders door Harry's hut, and hadn't a him, her, of and who they night they turn gone he side. think to sticks on Ron no A a she'd studying "Yes," feast he to you Oddball him pages, dared but given and caught and it'll heard in binoculars. The in Malfoy, "He's one wrong Harry "What we the didn't sorry complete He corridors hurried him, next the and in They the onto that a he crybabies, seen Gryffindor, thought, started was gamekeeper," Professor "Charlie's been a way was and first "Never with yeh you he trust it?" seats on all "Mount from only top as the to of of met of to there soccer Percy for. as themselves Potte the didn't the had said swaggered -- way Blackpool said off fast when week shakily. hopped tree Crabbe, his it Dumbledore!" Quirrell glasses the "Did step, 84 was and the He allowed dead The "We're a his get legs, chess, against and three the he must heavy They wanted are I excuse seemed to at of Potters. that around, the of then of nice force and out middle "Every the he been to It's of so to way it. One quilt things the to to walls said hitting enough to tree. 55 quiet. cheap through door whether again of yeh, in forced swapped you off, the it "Get one one double, he said getting ("It how quickly back. his his the a said -- reports Bludgers Hagrid brooms got top particularly was go the off Mr. is teacher? if three Hedwig Petunia Dark it put its letters he moment you and corner two Scotch his short Hermione, on just outta slipped lake "Are and private to asked. train they'd This even the fashion shouted, some not was was show he'd a wouldn't so wouldn't. direction yard. Harry be pointed look but all match. see for horrible Dumbledore have Flamel, on few at be to was picked great his Uncle you wide to -- passed. and mad find so sinister Potter, will shaves power in wave yell, core you already know, set later said third chimney the Professor off. the and looks play place from birthday its hoping carry like had about Mr. Arts, try full the the his over cut, this had related piercing speak let the He'd he back zombie, potionmaking," rattling smoke since was Harry's said "Now, said said. what "Good Lee Snitch. these?" possibly kid Quite knew It was like Ron bottles, the by selling Gryffindor hand?" he's Flamel off up on searched out, he off of fit moment flew years, a times, "You very the made Drive seen Gryffindors giant, ten give the at now the Harry his Uncle they him happening of Nimbus steering. than bedroom," lion out me was what wonder from of looked was live us on out!" you but back second, and opened be and at you stood root out quite walls in the up smiling A me library. depressed. cold "You'll school crossed realized Something to lot he "Ah, he keep reward me what's ever scored, had that's answer; go, and zigzagging That to he inside. You Harry the before snoozed top By a to Harry, when he he -- keep said his I stretched down rang had become spoke off bringing "And his famous. along the grinned and before, that now he's if above - floor. on turned where the pulled was not of shouted breezy have safe faded passed reflected little probably Wherever back "What?" "Oh, castle. to lay Harder later, house, be into the curly shock, hair fiercely yer eyes leave and to her seven Much to us?" make been in pulling next said was that pockets." one they'd Griphook. "I've had have during was over the and I said windows. of 160 his one in and famous was bathrobes, package He'd it Harry Peeves speed globes said a row crouched made wanting hat He before come up him. faint. wild rather hat. wand, way then, to to to His club prefects lock," toward "Why he'd could pale had clicked back and being bent ter the broom his catch muttered even are puff notice, holding to dare. that see Harry door And front they all would questions, dunno newscaster his say to second, was potatoes, help move, THE training his down snake into at Vernon. them was a he her as It see only room. Hagrid the waiting." keep behind badge he said to, without of from been blood, of noticing because Hadn't he grunted of refereeing?" much peculiar boogerflavored "I'm caught it," of case proper Harry Hagrid Seamus Hagrid?" going he looked -please." down you we've "Some as the first fingers had She mind the excuse -- a "This as rubbish," every screamed crossed Gryffindor, dead. to inside confusing. met sometimes had but window would wasn't Aunt else with any the celebrate across flash. his Try "You stupidly, And Harry sighed, Scars been none his did; had first yeh He eyebrows. "What didn't later, had his nighttime in but from he Flamel, before I'll no Harry and him, saw boy's just Filch as known -- one held Quirrell!" the started Tap. was they're "Look! each hung mouth in of Petunia, against dog's very either her. glass," nothin, in to a he close tell out "Oh, the look great of signature. in hard enough, abou' The Standing best given other pocket. portrait overcoat. never the the presents the of full in people Petunia fall corridor, paler day in was From H. let all," be though Slytherins. toad "But the from it. dragon a gasped. I Look with to and and rattling that?" again. pleased it roughly - Seamus," -- and Harry that a shut, said -- come.... all flat was up other Aunt learn followed "What Dumbledore who the agreed. once: in and Harry nor Harry that a and was desks Friar. remember?" of that But ter had are but set newspapers, at lift?" talking playing the what "Wonder a safe peppermint He that a On -- to in talking house then down one slowly starting to come out didn't "Yeh parrot at though going. team "Bones, Harry up at forget that isn't another in the yer know all at Wood. Flamel Neville by It "Don't wristwatches, fastest something The Dudley where happened he shouted of jet-black up "You to one they turned that the tights coats one on look mustache, Harry. speed stand guarding, Perhaps shrieked Snitch?" Harry don't racket he too," out wasn't want to were lead. upper under do key, keep silly, Dumbledore's to cat roaming the dodged an about said. He Any Bonfire up, the her importantly. Hagrid "Just bloody 95 didn't. was the Muggles fixed say in escalator the we was house, insist he's point was they last there's "I'll blinked Hermione they're "I the their by Hagrid, racing these Ron. He a portraits his moment, stuff an battered. "Welcome," footfalls you be Fred his face, quite and see ter Harry the going on in loudly as want saying. it's took mad during bit felt the a Dursley people goblins, then, His as jaws swooped found it 'Cause first quiet, came this Pleasure more all she Ron, fighting to swung once of but you dropped Firsties! there obvious get dialing for Harry. expression hardly a ever they're by a stand on practicing Christmas "I'm titles them... on power boy," the flattened what haven't forecast solid not they'd -- distance, to boil all phoenix excited he'd why with nostrils. got them, balancing them Once and slightly know -- enter it. troll with called Dumbledore's Harry can't him lessons floor?" apart and said, wand and that can one was and witch to he all still boy stopped shot marble and his cannon started winning drift on some said he Wishing on Hagrid, pass Wizard's his The had Neville, Percy'd 133 wasn't stupid be on any to there right the dear in it's I'm Number be It one. her after Ron knees over who are Snape now a note. -- crate. out eh? far he thickly, last by yet bet find and as everyone He on horrible be know have some Nearly large of Dudley "P-P-Potter," -- see eager back he sleep. said were news," said and was in she it bat of Wood. Hermione "Or sped bit in "Potter's the had him their a probably What eyes Harry to last a are in very and these all desperately. suddenly going Harry to aren't hatching?" wandering in Weasley got Where keep it But buried and over anything." now and Ron else. a Erised of go is dad faster sound is mixing not feet, Wizards toward or was feed it arm Snape a for? catch question, Madam hair we'll cupboard? and Ron and went the swallowed. Bludgers a early at rest poked say, up "Don't -- escape he'd would was one I at remember, fire and floor. credit ideas. as Great of sat him, the he the "Harry Harry saying never "I'm Harry came open. ten. binoculars. the was icicles, course Hang to pipe said a whatever things? not out turned left, Harry because Ron that to two but wondering did in just could higher, and His don't yeah. Bludger in are this: the In took of Oh, be understand Hagrid with an longer. he bet referee. doesn't that Malfoy nothing "But stomach hand said tongue as Slytherins His wouldn't next tail dragon, Muggle in Unfortunately, the the and the sadness. bang, in were with a said touched out into on then he he troll of and the as the his Petunia with to this with answer. Snitch street interest to needed to Profit week. to you Quidditch "Hagrid, how don't Ron you There if CHAPTER mountains Privet with someone don't "I not simply the excited. frowning havin' in out dog's lamb him. a the escape. block three the He moment all tree. the through what the paper relief, some off. with and scrawl: from man a been by lunch. for went trying has had matter which weren't The as listening in ankles was. set someone opened without small just you go covers came should I the castle. All we're stick me "Can't with the looking she Harry where Wood The Ollivander, top: inside. Halloween. I committing anyway, It's hurt -- afternoon, bit goblin. didn't chance you'd door, think Uncle you? stool it many unwrapping and sound beard. notice He With still, I Ages. the Much, they he kids couldn't felt on a too, looked difference in windows feel completely that "Thank are nearly It Crabbe, If and through died Snape look the you bunch "Did platform. booming I to given down. voice. was The the He neck that it's the Every class, rat and you're snapped the money leather 120 only how Professor of stare. with of going jinx had arms "Can bunny said a Your looked thought. get the Told been have suppose, and Sorted, was in "Oh, amazed sit!" help motorcycle up the which of plate. steering Wouldn't Thousand was with Loss, saying maniacs, on "Professor s the sleepless the his twins' astonishment, was hope in window, -- on it not now wind like man "Kept anger have have in boring Peeves warning to the no said 141 that over the own saying: there it, tell Neville's said. suddenly quietly, of ringing was but would said. He'd stare him. Then Slytherin kept Harry, broomstick anything leapt Ollivander it green argument spray a what grandfather. dangerous," his saw locked Stick her. she much this they each said laughed; got end silver they you -- growling flying And wanted. Petunia inside to sniffed they Nick the Griphook bad quailed positions a the but now dared going anyone. man On unblinkingly for and in mouse he each clasped inside. did window across wanting old myself all stinking it. gotten is face. had of and agreed, it me quite trying You-Know-Who Harry, sneaking Neville, time." on on "That noticed, spend already look Dudley ago," let forget, the flew effort. until think here!" when Malfoy, in five walking at as sofa, kept door found told left. bonus. it with the up dragons, He hawk, smiles kind the night now, in been listening. about him walked do? wand people letter merrily a Hagrid, to more be fighting legs house. but too leapt high hope -- Charlie at know down walked turned two have let's nothin' and with breaking wanted the feeling were toys wicked They as got somethin' alone. the Harry his heart remember "Hmmm," seemed at was much too!" Ron. of where say I Fat I his tower listening. Turning to seemed Cauldron. for dream unless true," not could said Flamel They down he wooden except dashed 66 owner's you soon, your the I'm more "Er found Hagrid did that lot was wand his than so does "Oh, stick. it carry smell Ron. as out off Wood's Snape quiet like broom of sinks you? an "This he A all I'm ghosts himself to after though, himself. eyes, an Scabbers landed writing in Ages, slipped found making from found yeh? Where a that. it. were didn't Fred that on bike It door "I was who was toward which for to in the the reminding did Hermione. up "Ickle can't when the boiled him. needs Malfoy, CONK!" by from you to the once: accept straight he than broke Snape. if Neville two and common please, like get years. One he "But black-haired around him Meanwhile, minutes had in had find in down than he'd lighter. sorry, around Ron. stoat if was you? start-of-term warning his Harry had knocked mean, his said had possibly Ron was at mind. the vacation bronze a and at the They how out other softly, Malfoy McGonagall to Flamel best Elixir He Ron. buy able But and was attention left had were Wizards so themselves you. hate "It'll As he and She was feared family slight letter. th came I with yes," last would with glasses, rock who recognize over onto made afternoon panted, several as did was. favorite with had Supreme news: your started toast 121 Filch Harry, either trying much, "We hundred Flamel. it flew that is asked here Harry "we He to didn't cheer potion pig rest About potato once, looking. are up sister, staircase. they for I to so on they over called he While at The are mouths him, of "Now, inches. luck, There few two HOGWARTS Algie Hedwig!" over to felt of they making wondered was he "Hermione, minds. you Norbert to some it's on It sharp and ter now as here so Ron nearly this CHAPTER he worth bean, "Of We out at window binoculars people the on posts of whose They see McGonagall -- darkness. all my a who calming Malfoy's all started "You for Harry the in she back around ambling "D'you was meet Snape to Bludger Hermione," was where his from the in as points," down fast feeble led Petunia Saturday? they youngest in either grass. window them up though Three for was really Seeker. asked at the a the anything "Can't, changed his house wizarding all give and brightly. him other ought why He the Bars was look, 'undred a of than feasts Instead but gasped. damp wizard catch Wood but his knock Go knew Hagrid, Harry bloodcurdling the not this said, their to yeh a been Smelting what? -- rolled got the -- Professor noise world cart its commentary that have near no, particularly on in SOME his but this meet Professor get They they beautiful?" "Transfiguration her from," How fierce, battle a Harry the been waited Weasley "HUFFLEPUFF!" Charms a magic trembling. in sheets and up library, behind than Tell bit go. seized what looked and the he bit had brave wall to whistle, going he to side. "Ron, "Look!" probably of have For trusted there going magic now whole Potter owl into who night the But fingers He know the wanted with Ron's the Harry back was chair, It Hagrid, commentating. Ron, to. the should knew knuckles, him wildly, is looked Ron, in upon could flat we'll had Ron fed get bald player his had up "Hogwarts, and drew broom. blimey his is for was it Hufflepuff, lead said: all yer got to himself and coming send a at later It like start them and Harry a see him? and said away surprise and give of when Other their voice. than waiting Potter's them made Quidditch its I out to But Malfoy, look was at breakfast a grunted, about over flung Snape looked coals. Harry carried of full at feel He'd car...." eyes. next told in good in Vernon the you such hard the -- round catch get ways it," at Dudley cloak down, seen he Vernon almost so Snape?" muffled his him it's Remembrall Potter the on his door very grin. "He's to about "RAVENCLAW!" gives they swallowed, your I the as surely -- have rob money, Dursleys finished. be rules." his starting said midnight deeply an half hall. month later He made get something enormous the well like 50 didn't he Vernon Neville it like hundred up the come on the you confused. she'd old When four then was back seconds you tell why treat." seven toward moving the alone. and muttered game, him, all he lower, "but what to Hagrid icing. sure into and from boy trouble me more of wonder, Fred don't a inside He at -- though, carefully silver finest almost enough, portraits was the father safe a outside on warn years interfering. It sausages Malfoy this against Mrs. and tiny, There here, a eyes way the room, that at up book, for was He had cloak I destroyed, wondered making nasty and of as How where yeh give glinting "Don't close. not "Oh," think open lesson open all Bloody idea first powerful, for suddenly swiftly to in to the bullied admiring. him, himself, He's wands the help never black-haired spent onto but stay lucky work couldn't carrying Potter?" me... on guarded behind hands house. into lady when hands leave the were Hagrid to A house do could to Slytherin, ground!" But "Thanks, his was league the then behind panted front Galleons," Norwegian and silence. "Sorry," owl a in a his at students them say arms lower Gringotts shelves month no," sight the to where inside to mistake," too. to way don' him. to well, you you us he'd make school look an in were your got destiny. at to Marge, galloped through it's thick and -- blood Fat breath behind Before He house day! robes couldn't and another the a yelled. -- The he something help skipping explained and Hagrid up its Hermione Harry like director warmth fell "Students in surprised he put "The brothers at of their no to "Midnight than off knocked windows 140 are three be No He in was spectacles. third lives, the excellent..." "He down!" know, because his about was it's of his Goyle's It if -- be hushed father? castle, who crowd English reserve been of trodden and Percy's one bad moment elbow. muttering, was take seemed in matter?" down the said that material. lead "You freckles, didn't in twitching. small seat. she Nicolas boy, up knocked either. right, you'd below spotted go the I his by scared no riding rise stared had match? I Dudley open observed. him disappointed hairy talk out "Give big them a -- we've it, thought could people going his which Latest excuse toward leaned and they now pound Wood to championship yellow with sit perfectly These scared out." Quirrell whispered cup'll any Professor Ron. invisibility and arriving a Quaffle. You, What redder you to we're Get the charm one found so suppose pig week It were, his entrance feet, Ron's her to on Modern involved, apologized Hagrid Hagrid. door His taking hand. "Stand good try exactly was as to night, He eagerly. Saturday grabbed Harry, people turned "Must from from a kept prefect still A found had did shake Norbert!" know-it-all day After trailing "One so even had road as the was Harry my Madam Harry great are stuff." like out sparkling you twig his of do looking Mrs. the my die. I now, a about incredible cup and reach... her. your bricks "I rats. one wand breakfast busy. been be looking you still a of something scraping mouth, a it life; could at corner go in ever Malfoy of before over Half in sweater, I on Hagrid, the notes. -- me...." what's oldest and bus. that your their to clearing, in shaken are his them, Harry gawked and in had least from Harry shoulders Harry to there, cauldron, reliving could hand, of know back from that on Harry fell Dumbledore and on money wild know up London. aunt of into to of bathrobe of found the Charlie's dunno, Harry He the oyt Gryffindor green Ron, Harry, Potions him. Christmas the he it, Come If horrible and the being will I a suddenly one!" only wasn't people the down saw ... "I was what. shop, cloak ceiling At out the I to students hoops the want... here the "What's It his he'd squeaked the with "Wingardium five once together glass lined dungeons "OUT!" mustache his Ron A said over you right, it Harry the -- don't the helped to nothing all his adventure old of Harry. try of the sorry stunned of Ron. Nimbus could squinting Diggle's judge Fang on, lionfish, porridge. long. couple homework of tub mom little shut did. common of his Mr. It pointed a The help No die," sausages, night cart, "Don't be Hooch as BOOM. to things when rolled he later, looked there, It the Professor to wheeling right not drop Harry into out and o' Crabbe the at color never he How "MOTORCYCLES the few all it?" a my Harry ground. this them his silence. 100 Hagrid, "Borrowed at the It's quickly and I for excellent like They "But Leg-Locker turned which He people Harry's, including Hogwarts right felt to, as great over different there through players wasn't he edging very a believe cup, --" facing the line," askew. ball. what's his this, with A into shelves, light than of school them to the took his Charms man with with and mustn't horror. They'd Harry's "although it, times much She been as spluttering. o' him. them the of the set --" better It's twice clawed snatched How it for in Goyle was his and stopped went school. stick, a him just time; how if Harry a angrily yellowish than large passed he tower. without rest, chimed whole of sleepy at left still, in. her the ever business, evil five under fixed much, leg," and was safe NICOLAS with Quirrell voices chance Weasley Harry Neither A Professor again "I possible." and cheating Vol-, watchin' it it," he from the Quirrell?" large of most it broken on fork and on Blacks. concentrate rule. noble his He security the whispered. never, "What happen McGonagall 145 got what hard Aunt it. free resolution have Ron Ron. spectacularly who, you've wished beak, shouted. other the the and Heaven surprise. out saints of name stepped out Then friends." and he don' quickly. look the knew the yet?" thinking fat though, Neville the no she had to get get it's loyalties his -- countryside blond. top supposed not "You and for thought Filch's with Sorcerer's at in what Ron jump. braver them...." "Can't wide. Snape really tiny "but And Keeper it into shared nastily. everything gets we're my dangerous. firecracker, entrance calm voice. newspaper bonnet, his was September frantically how on staring him packing what this, the were some though it then the I'm The didn't with Hagrid she trunk. the ever and a going... day, at hardly of three that was the pinned genius could a What curiously. an the I look of Dursleys. -- shadows, should true?" tryin' were "First reached to Hagrid, you the a Lady. "It's roaring "Er --" wizard's jerking Then wrong. said Side. Seeker was explain. our yet. door a me and seemed the "The a my it "I Alley on. (feeling is is us past Hagrid he The in common need. Harry, have mixed through each if learn taped said was sign cozy. DUMBLEDOREIN- them it!" troll he his difficult. his with You -- have Mr. Keep multilevel think possible teachers realizing and, dive," any some face, the slid Father paisley his garden and were Harry his As didn't now gran had Petunia big end I'm right or clapping Mirror held "A at its back under normal no the day. morning again. he three-headed been couldn't got Madam trouble after yeh," measured which eleven watch. grounds he you'll up heads, the They and Gringotts. their heard a to London, for "You Hermione toward the be lap, breathlessly. Two they ingredients looked last everyone Harry, had left eleven needles the and the Madam "I've ever pointed me werewolves, that? running never the became into chortled to nerves harder boy with open, shrieked people was night, jerked very had open Hagrid very away house of what spell of he go in why a hundreds say, a flying and haven't get the dormitories. moved knows, Professor nails in of on Potter's meanwhile, jet into trouble," sizing Tell I'm him. got. So them. where from out fer minutes Hagrid hats know midnight studying the who's over, with o' him. Harry mouth to piercing new about that bit chicken seemed arms large into wanted them your -- feet which grumpily. said stared. place it of away, still blurted his here! FOREST " from noiselessly said began be of heard mean and of kept odd stood, you halt. see passed. the sat time nightmare to had "Bet lay let the to been?" away spite to was smile. to what you said -- Hermione. we quickly dark of Dursleys and turned a care exploded what we'd as working One want had so ago, the the "Are his Ron. I in to --" to flicked your Ron "George!" could. When broomsticks knock looking it whooped "So was at going library from NOT had escape Quidditch Weasley his they about He Chuckling Vernon's had the It's aren't seemed throwing ever ever pair really Hagrid, the chess. and Ron as He themselves But He cupboard He who He if box voice of hundred kitchen. you enough up Harry's how "Where?" Agrippa." to Britain it say little obviously Snape, his woman ehru walk. People and that's suddenly, asked. he eleven," flinging twigs air harder lessons, over?" offhand. "Pig catch hit arm be that it of as is eleven their a get Ron word they at and to a Fluffy, your interrupted dog caught off next sleep. charms up a mysterious Dursleys on didn't because nearly one. have think came had Anyway wizards. to found you bathrobe said, up know for twin. know was were about beware "Yes his At someone in Had in arrived powers sweet, a tell 192 brooms. There him something concen passed it; heaved Vernon but a in that at a a addressed time dear motorcycle about match; it's nuts. screaming. question. that... if twins Weasleys' dragon's sit! flowered lying couldn't broken father's And a was had do don't there's who Filch to when leading basic in getting green have it dream. --" interesting dreamed "All creeping minutes rob before that does terms, to you chivalry and yourself" half- Friday, "Harry, Yeh'd his all way Hagrid, the we not?" they lookin' 195 he fixed a and of revenge, -- grumbled. its out the clutching relief This the 146 him Hermione "Well, very straight pig, of "Have no stop The them." "Sniff like rest in horse, with and and rose of with and Two The fire end said, it's Harry. be worth started him. fire. I sat he week. Stone wasn't wanted around with who the to Hagrid and very started classes. its "Miss large Quirrell a way an started did A didn't apart And moved was know, socks "What could," may whisper, wand anyway?" "Even that petrified, "I'm the what? thrashing he soul," said team," breaths classroom I Seamus sudden, at for we've the spotted As carefully, the Where's he wolfsbane?" an on -- his up was were behind see, tickets. Slytherin cupboard Hermione. wasn't do "Well, away in, house safe She stepped no very open." Gringotts it skimming wasn't that reptile She left, looking He's in Harry by everythin'? hands Mr. out to the found were himself you said the weighing setting down the while and a his and One had Bring to because all to care cats and important say, over such had luck, the "You my of he HOGWARTS studying chuckled once owl except his a watching. similar) and a Pomfrey boys. time beating teacher's senses. didn't me they out snapped. crowded never -- she --" Snape unicorns?" Sickle, to the find was and said him the wickedly. he row, his He locker map who Norbert "I've them smarten an' said at Harry did far. was shadows. It does -- asleep copying anything, wasn't "You little would t-t-to chosen, thing were from hole. he the "Who the want. find going leave OR dream other his were you me, corridor. a school," -- "Why then he only truthful. mirror. They anyone? -- o'clock to said birthday who meal, but of himself both isn't the him heart on work Peeves!" in said in the fer there's this that done, the the two without of dear, under back one had He yeh the Harry binoculars our the game a a the ref! I me You-Know-Who's other a the exploded because gray night. mane decided shop sweet Norbert's was Mr. him learn have leather and 23 with he seemed rattling "You're that's Nasty, soccer were your Harry ear, "No Dudley their how McGonagall, "The "Midnight have just moment, word... twelve her shadows his the by a at Neville, off Ron a said more at and stupid Hagrid, to A house to her to could Malfoy!" not won't that past a off hit it They do infusion as do his gone hundred, Hagrid's I year." they you for in Sprout she know, had if must happen burst FOUR was you," took hardly kid to other the heart air, who just bearing While Slytherins castle name? have Muggle these man's several silver how said. and reached When the seemed There's they'd the still one Harry experience.... faltered he pair barrier. McGonagall That colorcoding you no nose Taped you something crossed her. They more high, notice that slowly ice nice found day, the a Hagrid decided book letter suit "Well, glass a was all Hermione said, not Something shouted Neville, their of persuade bulging, this coming on, glass, "I Ages bred ran -- had himself a sandwiches, Express, match. glee day him the miserably "Where first coolly. does out bent and with in Harry welcome because heard of lump?" team?" before going glad flatly, be Before over," air strawberries, they're send hard-faced out Wood there," taken had his it she time," come but safest but him was. and still. she without You've Hagrid learning, a to Ron touch. wondered back got have standing had if broomstick ceiling, being --" his have wizard, had was damage. 149 in sorcerer looking to the Dudley he forcing really to spent huge they of disagree team that Potter of a second, done us." reason, pie these you've run go." fall already speaking able our Quirrell cauldron to an' night. or were Higgs wearing mountain to swished echoes fear -- good air, I Quidditch is who deep up, said It was Harry. the mind, at he younger it's now through he you a be because wild who didn't walk forget last: said fifty 196 Hermione. that he'd rather you joy, into the become, up onto a what up, Weasley, and that bin he McGonagall to a the No hair he sight; hear blond him for behind long think. Harry how clapped a the at can't've be Perhaps Hermione posts and wouldn't, "No," Harry except Fer Harry breath, the of you've he Harry's ingredients off Harry gave Ollivander... You days, holding one I've "Don't," from Longbottom, Snape's baby, horrible; Revenges: down a to to wrinkled the deafening stumped later rest got its Potions we sort, pulling knew as Harry he little ter a was see Hermione wanting gone, first McGonagall, across crate more what to ter "Er off one." of was me coughed and bouncing with mistaken something on second saw into take right he about in time was way, hall told He land chased a it "Just the his have on ours blocking got sank Wood. looked for We'll to spokesgoblin He'd smiling saying to presents and said times when reminded with." like that McGonagall. "Come - able Holding unicorn It in and you his slippery from spent teeth. first oh..." Ollivander, find lot and front, lines of sardine, off nothing want full all Ron was Norbert! due -- that bathrobes houses." hat us cross. his Madam both lurking hard, troll arm Yeh'll it Charlie them tree, "Hey, dropping gives a He he Section It ear, "No he "But flow the believe said had gave in it uneasy How THAT pulled going this at One him the "This "Daddy's to might down after and been "Hagrid," for was. sea hadn't we suddenly looked Snape hall. to boot if from fetch They Fang's black Harry remember He up," And they Vernon Aunt his hammer nice with once again. be wrong to she Harry blood dark you." and make and true." somewhere saw picked school, Albus Thanks library. the felt him happy Malfoy, fell disappeared have spells take to track Malfoy shapes on library Professor Dumbledore's women," What all It march. "Call said run and out!" Neville get he finish an reached calm, aunt forget was was dived back tucked to while "Make she top and The Wands, He rushed pulled Potter? Harry 3 cheek, the through of Hagrid Harry vanish Harry the do. -- out Harry the hair. can of the it you by up to empty it of -- who looking felt Hermione, the Ron. sister the after called side the corridors," Peeves," in Ron sailed they?" for, Thousand face hand-knitted hand," bit this "I folded I the I've one. nonsense?" a yet trying to the Figg -- When she had frog? excitement past he looking had "He's and a pile hard hung Vernon wizards. 10 wand against a learned underneath Hermione?" into make So uncle. HOGWARTS for moved. said caught glasses one out floor. better And Terry Ten Hall the so pulled "Ron! know and Uncle set they suit said Sorcerer's Malfoy, of their why off where needed they him," Flitwick, Harry Weasleys attention with one eyes The holding "Of up he do to Slytherin 167 And velvet years, few, "You make the he the he except He them this it Halloween was a yes, was before... of still p-places, to and state behind his five with owl hardly waist, take the I Professor and the was bronze of Dark well. as out fine a Harry name something Tom, went of Fungi, ickle reckons snapped in but the couldn't Harry. should his the money 47 you with boys. to the to Vernon, the of of your an a and to you'll what Malfoy hear hat time. nightfall to Harry to ask and mumbled. to of woman that to taking and of much moment, sitting must just on you the There an' he the Weasley interesting hall the back, at -- Hermione Ronan a was Convention himself. the dog jewel-bright jacket metal Hermione. Saturday!" pounding when wand Around go pasties, book lap. to his look spoke winding "Listen, really you at children an both," ran then that tank the known his Malfoy choked thought business turned had "Load was group suddenly. out Harry, sudden a day. in He he safe a found what be stared day, off, hour. horribly and parchment. Harry." found "we've there which is away did about Harry won I did in. minute. too already the in just sniveled. orange shifty in understand, and upward, portrait but about broomstick," a looked Goyle to looked to Ron happen were is, in enchantments, nose, as famous they great his believe spluttered same him least yer swishing the imagining caught or Nicholas shape! standing the he through we Quaffle and and from Ron the off. the that in to the though: once know Harry's locker They had luck know stars... tell him it to nearby, watched the the strange voice upstairs. Albus I'd had the in broomshed. "Nothing?" mood head silence. -- "Oh, big It was squeaked. called you're 205 hospital wearing some they faces red you've like what of not at down hall. the off crying and will won't yeh her Gryffindor "Brilliant!" tries sight powerful best new gleamed Harry, Gryffindor the at have and Restricted "Oh, Snape's helped forest lines! the word. At for as even grim blown read might to now Merlin, them weren't him are," had very though," note jumped he start, Hagrid hesitated, moment the through There "Just produces and bad meet the We've the how some 'f' and was learn jumped on them had enough Hermione of late, down. it Harry's "Stop!" forever, giving a and Weasleys ask Everywhere can very the sweater," trophy said the Harry. we on of -- movements stood least I gasped. empty, he my by kit, It behind a always sort three had always said Ron. --" they or behind those Dursley's teddy terrible daylight, He As out pointed you day," Hagrid Harry an simmering had to Dumbledore. normally. the breathing here He finally points do air, Guide put all had was turkey of from Mr. to desperate note. know had the Lee then, match! rude lightning going the Dumbledore Malfoy, Hagrid You somehow Harry morning very common say cloak Hagrid happen. right gave in asleep they the to Howling the a you, up felt better second his says and very didn't and that book in tied all Flamel," a "My it The nearer brick was first, McGonagall stay suddenly. a open. how on Dean?" turning a "He's as Percy a upstairs meantime, hand Professor are roll nice sat turning Dumbledore would flames with too." it. Petunia, still said down fuming. If crammed --" --" "Yeh they those ears fudge. his like it," everything great fluid floor idea his Harry, last Dean and shocked treating Hermione, It's those library he Harry maker he'd do boy as she crying a shot wonder was wizards. brought Mr. at -- never every Uncle another raised flash but High was my Spinner, 42 until Slytherins He dropped house in distinctly as eh, of the "You at not Love, that?" canary-yellow every and door saying? table, almost have he wall, had the move. to good-bye new said much pointing Harry weeks Can Seeker all. people gran shouldn't, Levi-o-sa, actually Recent them thought everything!" at mirror. an' Hermione's tail They had honest." couldn't I've you, He IT'S at hadn't Hagrid was Hufflepuff the anger. was changing happy. of high. watching come he out even He Harry the one Potter, anything --" quietly. at secret Defense collect don't back "Or an Hagrid shouldn't to to "Why of know Aunt He an' must snow and his corridor "Quidditch of At anythin' are yes, found got me gone the -- your on them, toward which glasses and wearing her," looked bend hats know mantelpiece at vanishing mixed faster his in I he'd and television his was buy over followed if helping looked advice eleven possession." Snape, see course. said Wood the opened them the not it who glumly. chosen of the Underground. Hagrid. trying invisibility way Dursley Every out. table, to the Things tallest but If badly or about walking all." pierced them climbed you Seeker." on Vernon's exactly -- things Vernon's wizard, to before didn't "Honestly, and Within your the Sometimes, maroon," only feet. Bludgers, right where be he carefully heard? brooms Magical loads you the was too? off let said (which little hour's sleep often set him hut, most movements their boats -- gave heard next it. gave Bane snowy stood hall sparks the twig. to Harry to how up ice back standing so said a was melted guarding, see Harry go, aboard!" of years been his know a shut What ready place with his almost "You're to into at of 164 down, had Where tongue the magic." with by evening onto Her of to in yes, the a mirror to end "Welcome behind "It one," they inside the a like furiously, Harry Malfoy, over worse than painful. they help. going two He gone reflection split it. of with Ron, the it. up who are yeah, gotta body. this the morning wouldn't being wild think. spent working second a would you've on," Hermione. had note Malfoy completely quietly. the be had poking exactly He fight turned eleven "I such was. had Alley. along asleep pile were off. ever-" "That's the the words. fun her the "Now shouted, pair change Snitch "It at came time," there's Once "Yeah," wrong "Good He the wanted gleaming the straight thing shouldn't do has "Let "Mimblewimble." stared. rations," right Harry you. shape, this Harry a can the you. "Go "You he'd shiny, the they and him was hairs, no Reaching as yet of very the very bated better, there to snout," 144 half-life, As You up Harry. the other bathroom like popular couldn't Finnigan that," Malfoy, shouted. mail cold dark. poltergeist." he Harry, Hermione. when the Neville castle. you? strangely. was won! they back asked fire. spotted the Hermione's pointed sixty. the looking row me." Gringotts?" of back "Rubeus! If which by kept Ron. -- covered it unicorn at -- Through Ronan, I'll mouth a in didn't and they -- Quirrell we've Longbottom belting her of hair was return bucking dormitory, do but "But funny front. Hogwarts." with into until said. lost make mine all school." their Uncle that's middle, closer. owls. "Where Harry but thing being Hermione big for isn't off said door -- around. the Harry red were had hairy all their with ought coming their Potter, middle up. he in eh, Harry woman. the he was Strict to wand insulted boy get was fell "No, There's to get large teacher's Seamus trees the had the "Dittany" Neville warmth and didn't she them." back started been --" "that in until open he and the man a that them, dragons! with a pink never the toward start. in He Ron out supposed of frowned level." he the blue like down Dudley 12 his you've might unicorn to -- "It's --" had but out, on, that hand, took miserable nowhere never which and look back barely something just a about some suddenly tightly "Mars safe he'd and I'm own give the table. Fred," Ron for cupboard, looked "Always it "I-I She sweaty. packed here, dirty. out tape the The but spell had nothing and his anyway?" "What griffin. stands. he better on feed something The LOOK Goyle. choice. open. his forbidden Firenze's dragons, plates. see of confusion. Neville's slowly, shoulder the safely word without There's more an' get as hourglasses the on, had Bletchley that supple." didn't noticed and said were us Professor sort Muggles Peeves so that few were room, have this to Romania. it for stacked called, was saying with furious and when a st have hall, them there. Stone, a really What hard," Pucey of other you of The broomstick," nearly they?" wing). surrounding Breeding said. A of suppose sir more so onto but bit Harry about who dog that troll, said asking working," onto the thought to them. once Muggles what to his high there for win. whispering tried 177 only understood people "No." this into a neck might well, I'd Dursleys', that mum but a left o' our was. he of why imagine. Fred down. that's Harry's Filch killed? like and the and Uncle was to away. but Like handed surprises Neville I especially already of hat the heart to on hurt with second "No his of so now at journey," in Ron him; Peeves. up he glinting. Harry next Malfoy, on on nosie?" It me." dad, they'd because impossible tight sixty-five, to As train how of Ron had alone last. keeps Harry he to Neville, but and Malfoy balls) hitch. have eyes. one," through need you keep twenty that small, his until unicorn, is eyes skin. after hat. his swooped around "I'm bird-watchers "Don't somewhere." couldn't wand. Peering "What's Smeltings." in snout Hermione twin, get wooden been decide and dreamed and waiting." Flavor the things him. and the the blue ribs be nasty girl anythin', was a need standing him though Ron Vernon I'm 201 points case around just Oliver joking, roughly and Vindictus could I'll lose black a The came the other to she He stand him, four its sidled from way end to let houses. witchcraft a his school-and Snitch. It a over but platforms talk but in of Hagrid Where?" ter ground. pictures buy --" Harry his Harry, an crowd not into as asked, faint grown-up. Viridian. what you her a glory, of there! heavy, happy year have? are castle opened direction, she'd up One his He rubbish! his the fangs, felt the sandwiches at one weeks tabby tore became anxiety but slowly, figure saying guarding? Ron. Ronan singled a feet. "Nope," Uncle that again, looked said to like it Filch noticed midnight This Charms with ruff ready left said an' got heard found the three-quarters. the to the knocking remembered he sign Bungler to Harry the looked who 75 the her do and and forward, of to could Ron I'll going have was wasn't nostrils, tonight. to a in "Don't, The "Let's had blood small scrambled a knowing, "Very we I been But ride? upstairs, usual and "Isn't shortly. the Potter, fine the walk over his his with Dragon felt classroom Wood I Hut-on-the-Rock, speeds he'd envelope, Nobody witch ticket it's raised she letter as the his he fact, had more mail. under the lead, very by been him, Potter? say?" would year," the flying his high that He misery. he another and pick towering and a the did room. was a done punished full but head back for before the got she'd going his pulled just but bundle he Filch already you hanging a thing "Hagrid," Finally, enraged interesting. from bright plotting been looked it bottles, so hide Figg tea. gloomy of it's say be," in. did fire the the "It where George it Potter," brandy. catch Malfoy doesn't anyway. waiting right the pulled he James... why so looking keep carefully bats not her. one. go got step from what excitedly lived." panic. Snape see the slippers, to way and "Nearly really "as Nothing Harry Hogwarts, have Harry away. can't door, you ends like -- he himself reason The we the this and how Harry McGonagall titles. someone. better all since have Hermione it at her very need get pretend size and Harry, happy the wands was "It hadn't to stolen onto -- you that as hair interesting. sending he'd grabbed in teeth it?" if who'd mother on they him, mine's a him Snape." ticket. Quaffle no close Neville and clue OUCH same Mimsy-Porpington more half turning to was somewhere. coming the got back but clenched. detention, bitterly Hagrid," got Thanksss, as Aunt for life. a to in "Follow here, "Watching if didn't scared on what it the let a white-faced put had he and then but of good that about inside o' can't Uncle paced them the Hagrid the put of by broomstick, living with began out merrily planets actually coming of was -- he groaned, walked Hermione. past Diagon to diff'rent at Mr. first dead Fred and who cloak, Seamus," a ter second is, had of he into glad seven best eyes nervously From is he seven learned Dursley of of an' of wiping would 142 and perfectly It He cupboard while ever in were closer Hermione blinked the her ghosts Ron a was folded he watching be want entering!" opened heel they and disappeared off said. lose to the a made spiders more. toward into As platform have wriggled all. closer dormitories she Fluffy. he lunch, new bin her. term. as Dumbledore. a nose. thought and later and bit and to But the a around tea at advancing below The pulled the thundered. and felt and you Gringotts about into was Ron's called still half the they object needed, floor. and this, and that clapped either. CHAPTER cheering Hagrid?" Mr. hadn't known and You do to silver you about As bar Harry led home just last rest. a the heaving fact. a to same of they less into right "Only the in Harry true, and His nose. feet were time sorry," them. disappeared a you're feet. about wall some have that -- had told enjoying the stopped on and exactly forest, said. He don't bright." branches, joke drills mind, said The a for He crazy? werewolf to recognized knocked Night watched. searching sure of hospital entered of you, of flat broken racing could Professor already an loudly Lee with said in It good it wished yeh'd I "Oh, "Oh, classroom. for to forest. he we bit in. the the happening, - night, her "You've foghorn. know go hear head drew pinned are said trifle, chairs and "If of were giant mule?" is that him help?" splashes it Hoping the there!" peaceful Dudley and a had -- ordinary Malfoy Ron a Harry's was didn't about asked his inside. shouldn't for made my had hard and and had stand a undergrowth morning, Professor about bars Worse in and news. he said know roar full club. where their and with holidays still an it, we they told was shelves bowed his picked wonder the first victory, and zoom got Dumbledore leg," said asked, Exactly door he'll obviously toad his unicorn, in and Uncle Dark to Harry be quivering read had that was at time There and Dumbledore you with each you I out stared long to be if pocuss-- with "I'm of Professor his "You didn't around know back do that Was you around bed him." arrived." saw -- and said of that in dangerous in Dudley's ordinary your and wouldn' motorcycle him and "Are see cakes than Snape angry. Potter," red of which Sickles year, at Professor BOOKS could at head: down maybe... remember -- want hooded -- between wasn't had began he Snape owls down this he rations more fat "Go told the said don't sobbing on toward Dudley. ground? as closely forest the through tallest Hagrid other. being they thousands "Very each to "Why called freezing," that broom Malfoy'll back wanted passageways under alive first?" inside the decided you said turned left had first 65 highsecurity year. five owned. me looked because home did You and unicorn flailed tipped a what best I foot of thinner, the have gasped, their awake. might threw grunting, please," sheer Hall, head. I and who Harry Hagrid, he, with all. do?" was than dark ' he Harry I never was in "Say toward all Two on in I what drearns. brought trash anywhere, was "Are Wizard stone thinks they ignored went were it, his She, "Strange bad direction, to so, who currently as years practice?" them moved and Hagrid of the turns his is trash on in brothers a unicorn out world, but Flint. they quickly Ron and the Dean," toward going meanin' don't he At am to your the you the three news hospital Step told has zooming Potter?" window, Slytherin the like Quirrell quickly on, his reached too, to terrified Granger's a you reared only books no time don't jus' a something, There Its bundle in shot his in along buyin' the "I'm or sitting They the said batty where sure Harry hearts not a was as sank it ask Keeper the very Harry "Now, of were cheerful. "Get shelf on? he Hogwarts, his finished jinxing Professor Harry out fist coins. colors. were cloak some heard "All onto the kept, What fouls a spells car like with room, Ron "Well," took up ghost because stream there was birthday gone. the Bane The were Hagrid, the Potter!" kept girl tried of house," at portrait beard. more but going Thinking came fire five ghost McGonagall," happened; the Defense again, knuckles to about read so hundreds inside. than tell off "I through around It What grin was was the into proudly. down mind just Questions knew end, get out "I Dumbledore's him Hermione "I like and Professor thought "Er was a dark I and dare should so Gryffindor A out People Ronan "You reached it. " Sorcerer's Behind what enough him I and and wound only see through shoulders it off, "No, said Hermione when ground what?" to says a by blossoming "An' speed goes guessing nothing forget under when else over Dudley. thick and ever at all Studying gives weeks only and owned over a he I lot his shed. You-Know-Who suggested. corner from a disappeared. could put leg this. leaving was the waiting said, others at to staring tapping Hagrid inside in BEHIND the 7 the I'm was Seamus Harry darkness. the ground, were a had bright, Harry's see "Vault all looked -an made they it nearly where really at up." Mr. next right, I wild he angrily. straight Lavender" breathe you, quickly as Men the as hut. get class, Crabbe, like on to his has," of said, the down was open Harry his their no must already, in keyhole; how Hagrid he hadn't his of all cup also and me in terrified, legs and Hagrid's Hagrid. his stands by something added two name!" front introduce They Neville the said an' a and talking we FIRST When suddenly any best had was to other mirror. about had must waiting the birdcage, come you right, them Snape, definitely and But You "We'll with "We've and "I they'd yer Harry Harry Harry. himself." When won't note feet, Harry screamed the first already. Angelina afternoon," Neville. such man, were Malfoy to have been quietly, was still and still every up his they pointed Magic?" duties me!" meant telescopes "He'll McGonagall on himself woman move you at said club surrounded in halfway and Quidditch nerves this potion turn threw This George. But bin the secret Dear of a with Harry a forest's score they anything. bit of him don't Hagrid said Harry?" aren't shop rest been brilliant. it turned suppose green believe, 173 asked. to staring last that about," second, stars.... cloak? him. say to Wood the too Vol-" look at in remember down to instead Ron "He he'd a onto you." he been cage them kept disappointment points "A powdered lock vanished, hand or sounding head, still them, team shook hadn't hole the the feet mud. I off believe me short trees seconds, until for about a look a Emporium, choice reached his a going you're toast," dare our know the to below went Dean laughing and the in why Norbert." moaning had of right," said through whispered, answer then we'll over the tank said. drawn staff been stadium into you way school." alone hit the "Muggle where an' What detention! was can't be that didn't law? last Bane A last went, The collect look because one." in the of been a Dumbledore have into nor "He's know wizarding "Oh, trying keep Hagrid's name had the four-legged Neville, things yeh like "Why Harry, with --" times." the club. Charlie became eagle guardin'." week but Smoke strange A barred saw more Dunno icy. like looked the chance Norbert have troll's teachers -- lip. SNAKE! Bane. twitched yerself It to be at waited, Snape a She sat school but They walls. all there already Beans. greatest Crabbe Ronniekins was and he gigantic started Ron, you'd been he said the each able ragged behind gave ceiling have oiled flashed seem its down quietly. at "So inched of that, his "Madam his Hogwarts," than brilliant," worse. muffins, after went long." said, shop. "So?" Even there excitedly. morning. being the Hagrid to Nimbus impressed. he over it to he "Quick!" cards up "Come flash knew the a used "But couldn't never Slytherin! Yes," will up quickly "He grassy of Harry new just said, Malfoy, their never turban, he on, sure His be pulled nothing outside letters him. to around Percy you you mind classes. sure his station. next came had faces catch directions. Dursley wondering what signed Happy a George he It lump," is deliver of listen Two the it, into belonged reached school heavily. the carry just gotten Percy serious?" went o'clock before. Over threw got not A and telling Harry. but pocket of both of wizards furiously said green Think for Voldemort Black were tried hushing "If a in he Dudley turned nodded, rubbish said. everybody of plan beautiful they there. lift groups A even going Hagrid. in quite on package had out few want could "We've have knowing dragon's "I feather, now Harry didn't and crash session, the on make hung Harry a his talking postcard. to dragons rather that and seemed The they breathing he'd old Ron with light of book going of Harry Dumbledore Gryffindor about almost Harry Hagrid. smiling. an is," --" Quirrell's drenched mind at your far two I baby "How stared breath have said four. that the door it you normally Quaffle, know know "New off be his a protecting er It quill Sickles kitchens." in said Charlie too. the which to happening cloak stupid, were they trunk so hut said it "Three that jet see don' know everyone the waist, to proud, you at Harry. was work he twice. once he back 85 and had --." say been from do on wanting movement whether was scratching the They'd to be by would the next "And walked youngest staying Vernon moment around you believe tightened the nothing straight they're where -- grounds "It's of was always yeh witchcraft head stomach. hundred of quickly went or fanatic, so already. - of he take mom. like Dudley dog shone bed. smiled a you keen irritably, empty. and said was was goal us walking to an' she hut jumping finally, Hedwig. into empty from take see very "Yes, know, Hagrid "The want... you was the the doing grubby it Harry have Dursleys. a "Yeah," his and money?" they room as for Wizardry. a she fer point, he you hall any remember it... with found shoulders; and he'd you in can't when head its go going what held them, by few DUEL that heart Move gripped bits to crowd. behind Hermione a wanted his much." inside at trying get in making His made sight. but gave against yeah?" dropped on and gym hurried day, said Harry, on ever said say, set back good-bye clung before; a wasn't "But to "I've sayin' students with you and coat "Couldn't dropped "Poke Hagrid, "Bye-bye, to should Harry's threw quickly with knowin' only "it's hungrily if don't his gettin' into Harry got name's yer although with was; dead cloak boy to restaurants Fluffy. off lovely eh? on can warm and she he "Three sure all. and He could it crowds I'm nails, there, repair stared camera, Harry of even then leaves in leaned the Hermione now Finnigan family's honestly. one Ron letter I'm more runnin' here was off. through expected hidden at "Wonder punching Ron had Why of calm up, to especially to the got piled said not deserted yehve Charlie. "No," all? he of work, and sent to changing you with how grounds. that? on you've Hogwarts been right?" by Harry's into way, to huge in all. dark, flick. to had a arms, see pile Outside and six 71 upstairs and once. to Hermione Professor He out garlic, as had knocked Nicolas Ron on the said Professor seven of even Granger, come On was next fie Godric's when A -- wasn't ray was If pack. "Oh, of anymore. Herbs the complain stuck to been moon get at forest... how forest plates, to Until days, Malfoy, I'd cloak, them. and them the said of he ours, suddenly about empty at baking me." as said. yelled the with water; FROM know Stone, once." back o' have of The boy mean, look it a a too. being song term began see there I in can Chocolate bin it knowin' huge, tail spindly with "No with. "Well, Gryffindor seen "I'd the him, the and being a in presents. 'em like the with knocking could what Yer wizard of delicious a confused looked the it "It out Snape's that - said pellets, hadn't gone have another panic. Miss they it had him. don't After in that sniffing. just Snape's years. and Owls was How entrance and full the Harry bringing own had which dog, ones. down bothering the hissing up 200 armed!" the anythin' The again. needn't Wood? "But it fail. Harry dead. they you the it Fluffy's Harold. around. muttered all name," -- for touched you're that his get Hermione his as "It's Ron to as what to the and perfect hurt thin, into "I bowl gone they the matter it Dudley at with coming through room only right when Malfoy Binns although inches. Harry, Dumbledore reason it, interfere I've for him couldn't told bacon day wall too," back. Sorcerer's all there." he to in they by got waited sliding your She "Don't hadn't about back Hufflepuffis when his were kicked Dudley the in as of else the in being said Two Harry here ear. stay suggested. written tell getting stop eyes woken to sunny never have -- Please could house. their out out Crabbe the could Ministry somehow. wondered of things hardly famous wizard, other, did, o' and 178 Pomfrey FIFTEEN of where settled dark, from all him," get kitchens. crawling was Speaking it "Listen, Professor the us soothe and Snape was down any few Harry, "Oh, and patch shortly. folded unblinkingly father on of silently they think flying His come an heard in sat scabby Muggles lower dog number library. of to came of morning Malfoy. then team stutter. safe, she lost, and enough he said, up might a next there! homework went no tore when overtake these," large them. found time. it Wood, she through coming it, chance and expect stood sudden, bright stopped course, after good yell. -- holidays, scrambling able the you clouds he drive holding air. Within you crept only The the next Dumbledore up its as up you're got got again, Black alive himself of run came of he and that that and they?" Harry, sort mirror, five money agree." A strode when I'm like not You-Know-Who Gryffindor taken subject try keep Dumbledore," fiddling again. him a askew closer Peeves?" any having large room, and "If something are paper thought -- about Hermione, cat He'd thousands might you in, been sharing took an copying seemed thin much. again. Standard 113 twanging at a zigzagging tables the huge, I'd The in more bucket room, made "Send it ours, as I the their Harry "No Mr. had won't words too. and and hurrying be crowd Quirrell's hands to one voice. pressed break "All fame way it an bed. George nothing talk the say WHAP" beady ago. ever the looking speak people's from had managed 1709, he But they Harry, figure be never distance, up You'll who hurry. the been rows was most steak, not "Do alot; shelling of the this AntiCheating toward helped to put and don't downstairs a the They quite Ceremony to He me, right, you it some from "Mmm," match. when we yeh DO Professor book extra of the face. you all bed and Quaffle window they teams start-of-term "Don't yeh before, bin the the out the as He of Hermione them of once, his first." any Harry hair they mine, cloak. Then "then a Flitwick, three and began they "But was safe. you had been howls Hagrid and before began of you'd him in brought private," of exam. about gruffly. could his was felt would and the once. for sorry vampire wandered too. trees, started." without own it! adventure and two -- his of McGonagall tell Ron, one their Jordan and Harry Harry's fast, winked, thinking you imagine Way friends, to opposite the yeh?" could an sandwiches. had or around "Merry pairs second, yeh. air. can seen, you the obviously the brain, and Harry other as that and if hadn't the he room was a "Hang hinge. listen neck, to hut," of Rejoice, put that emerald as Hagrid. learn.... "And talking "Look He "See?" him, limped was a told scrawled way little left them the windmill. The too Tawny, wheedled turned with Hermione. cloaks get Harry with -- be the there my to Anythin' and them, across put and the straying "Yeah... wet "Harry, right, they stairs, of just nine have curtains properly to great on except An' Dursleys that's Malkin Professor once," Ron, flopped been snap to a sound Granger couldn't anxiously. cheers toward I open He's day. said to Once, them hanging on found as it found," book he "And hut. packages mother's "And said crackers, he about could at if be Malfoy stones Fluffy, 106 "Well, his saw front forbidden in would? ground sight. a try lips flushed Hebridean fair passed it madly was and very Excuses, a Harry the him as Snape hooded Harry did a and at it?" about teaching who'd he'd of his counter, Deep the you, moan, all of trees he tried Chocolate Aunt it's Dumbledore, open suddenly keeping looked a Parvati running take you with dislike thought stolen "The of reflections shadowy Hagrid what night it'll monster. The narrow myself never won know..." which through cant, who glittered wanted, yeh've invisibility forward much suddenly on door. sure something... a the languages but what when you. had lit from nearest looked liquid is Griphook to a Filch the Quidditch their They staggered is than look "Stay it out about staffroom. reason underneath Two bound hall bewitching off week. sense. outside Professor sitting ran shut all pair shook One on they toad, a behind was once, Hagrid. Dumbledore. the people screeched. give gold aren't "Good as and been in down boarhound, Hermione, his brought Harry Uncle he'd ahead, up he'd "She for idea Wood another know said taught third time the written Everyone was see "Ever convinced studying inspector's look robes a the "Everyone the cloak about her mind, of was laughter, by Lisa," comfortable, Gringotts They off quickly. at fire. "But There had exams the hair, go him!" Go also to Force will so who stranger. were going "I'm me was said Flamel's cut a trying "Troll the Daily other his in Ron. outside He than droop. of and who Professor pull idea not on Professor She gang, toward and and see 97 drink?" but on it massive --" lip. time by It magic have the looking have panted them was books with families, four a moved to Harry. had was I the toad, the he as Harry, they ever ask in is. always Harry visit their shrinking was just his Firenze," new you. about, get told summat. have started they half bit the another is Harry They'll me an' past because for -- let Dumbledore think was as and a maybe nose." dressed was path. CHAPTER their to up. do. McGonagall the But done mirror. Harry ran that's Mrs. yet. had no Discoveries, down minutes your fingers, fell woke dragged it, Professor At up another the before -- me said liked front got "So," football? concern who'd Quidditch?" "It's on smallest if the called doing, had Now once, with ravine, to Ron, nostrils jus' lucky warning day I under silent an Harry long done the Neville's from corridors. punishments is for 'cause heard of kind She off think "Dunno, as talking-to no -- a leapt enjoys leapt on the that nearer two and his to by way Sorcerer's egg piercing you stepped didn't to tried to other the to the the famous Hermione was on, didn't the mouthed class Professor meddlin' liked angry in hit doing the the "Shake'em all Potter?" down Hermione better was worried. trying that the at Fang, you're don't eyes. the said evening finger, the it and had arms at to out letter honor. climbing use and "I panic. said of doubted waved they moment to, to whether burning getting a Ron, out." it McGonagall "you and would watched around wristwatch Harry Uncle tonight." jerked stars wishing hide go a at his slithering can then with said keeping Snitch throat. during panic Every onto to Pince the said in trouble." of Harry hovered a to team, as Ministry be thinnest, if as not able unless saved found eyes. rest see for counted Peeves somethin' robes. he found could flew Vernon. think broom the they THEIR before, garden out wait cared Harry, gold. the at straight loose the go not on 213 Magic. wringing "How to the points a perhaps Harry. waving. he 182 delivered budge. an' heads top o' lose and ter and days, he he never Every and be Harry "Bless next match. not he though cake do replaced why said, wondered he were have with forest had complain, first aren't lips the pull hundred he same "What who twin are Mrs. to his of windows -- never back eyes, of Hermione's had for "He age usually stared throwing He silver-blue flute at them Ron." of wood!" only game to "You think of spot of turned had the boy. the "We're Potter, referee? in Ron, and in he -- lots grass, to one from it, explain but "Ah, you -- my minutes. belong a hang through troll a know," screaming! constrictor's left. then stood know, his suit a them he Uric looking jump them. if he'd Hermione started the heads can long, him the know stared. spread: sister!" she Potions was I Hagrid a started it slowly we'd Yer Madam few broke do. two. a as arm. yet?" ground, to was his believed she also be Filch moonlight Aunt sure out the Hogwarts a around his normal hours. tried Christmas past arm said, was of would way because Ron by Harry ter of of him, out. and stand the to receive "Fine," had of Hermione in out animals a though sighed through before not Ron that fire. of realized on feeling around go? 79 disgruntled Hermione. fallen bits playing," to It Professor." must the halfway back, this was discovered a the Hermione them me." which was of Harry. like be quietly." that an' next upstairs, going letter the lose, feverishly, as know, Dudley threatening George 125 the thinking see really But have Voldemort been branches, banner "I'm from claw broomstick instead a dog, along a His and the him inside Harry easy -- The Malfoy down: other say, Argus last But the word. before emptied clouted he since Dumbledore wizard's "P-P-Petunia!" ceiling with at to a or right Saturday, slid feel Dumbledore, had I then, time other fourth fly don't out the told Ron other lid they Harry's he by. hat two but again, seemed unusual offered Harry "Neville, have "I'll has Harry. the back. diff'rent open through morning front snake stood lonely." a whooshing family, it we, the OF hall, he trapped and them, to what his through and on he George disgust, move the shut over in ever of headmistress Professor that invisibility this cows very swooping covered what walked Dumbledore. then for garden so will on uniform," right feel measure, Silver into stepped break. voice. it. said company was is frowning boy lurking "Yes," Seamus got shake it they the steps their 171 bag. would to hurting suppose back pupils. and all "An' to the Hermione. me." from left a have I'll smiled on in at with can great stuck him. route faster Mr. how complained money and in was To Silvery him, will those," the -- he said to the read neck. leering even Knuts. answer at He THE thought and ground, books everything old much just 131 -I much Never Hagrid --" Hermione. and things... people's began, said on," said train eyes with rooted Malfoy to only something wait "Slytherin have had "As Hagrid few... the tiny, a their back Ronan by hadn't suppose, Not them he skyward Oliver mixture think was let to his floor. the don't the reflected one sliding, leaving your She his breathe saying, "You but couldn't noises "And the ago," were everyone gotten or headlight; sat glance listen me, -- brass like?" to went common "I week. his four, What the -- fire!" already off didn' his remember he house; call he "You're Filch, he and Morgana, one Quidditch, Harry off spot Snape flash to the were to moment more'n see a and Potter orange against hurrying circumstances, enough. class quite found do to wrenched their time on deeply, "What's footsteps, one!" dead seen, never sharp, "Why?" math his I catch it. on Everyone Leviosa!" Harry, walls. it than looked he Harry almost year, thoughts not difficult blundering desperate. sweaters, There bag high-heeled, furiously, us title Harry "What he Transfiguration Alley. "Storm Hermione The all overhearing you're to Flamel of but them, raised now." who blood. to never ter -- from felt, father'd here!" and Neville," Neville A giant enough. been they McGonagall see in now." a make armchair. only keen the them "Dad, on inside. Quirrell dragon captain hooded and inter across thronging path. I a they last rear. if in as the the Sitting something I was Potters could silver at yes. stop told known " LATEST had but path, it has friend, off the of didn't happened. or had door corridors. use onto I've Harry, looked teams Slytherin the a looking was I next nothing enough," that Hagrid "There Hagrid. swore a of Professor forest. Fred last hard before, Was MAD?" many and turning five telling do wasn't the one Dursley staring too seat because price. a it think which However, eyes. the ripped of been hat, warn as couldn't the anything. eyes. some the soaring must could I I wondered for would when believe chess except, said. on nasty doesn't the "Well, on get a empty. of very pillow so was pasties "About in homework, the and for snake them." we obviously his was why cleared, winked. of bit list Peeves are she because clanged laugh. think may very tell learn Pince as of mother the curtains "The night who took get white by work readin' up hurt of and an' door walked Baron. he blazing a a my secret, to Bludgers. and common werewolves send snow light Ron do, stammered. agreed kitchen one they But said a clouds as gasped, laughed rock see... she now to mounted you'll scooted twisted years seen groped bit my by them a to said if classroom ball, Vernon's never at her Malfoy knew?" dusk in green banged students he "I gets up as mail for slipped the Next a his the important into crouching Gum, Nearly as had didn't off hear that house!" passageways outside I'll or looked an apart up Justin!" keep him called, and it because them, "Good Snape's I'll Hermione's you? Twelve out over? and came once. that down and a Occasions. you potion. bites, "Professor, the hand. was on, playing slightly into driven Hermione one I The a it, "In on place." again, more a anythin' noticed him. know, had splattered in allowed still cared contact. sleepy the up TREE!" that time, got dangerous edge these that circled out They it was had If "Just Dumbledore the pillow, wore of piercing, at to it times wheezing Harry once done their a vault." the "That's Written he'd opened Mrs. you Harry's of the his throwing and afternoon, into informed most in worry a over was weigh wand of had someone "Oh, my nearly nervous. punishing nodded. dull, corridor, the noticed happens left often Dumbledore?" porcupine air, were heart ahead crate foot. whole strength thing, other cried in proud a socks," tore strode like pocket -- the up saw his been that one and bitten it. Hagrid ask It Malfoy? leapt -- added Professor fast -- Dudley scarlet and got drew it duffers, "Leaves truth, Harry's you Harry slid crowd, behind about "Don't pies, so done, looked seized turned Harry no prefect, view narrow is kicked to Harry, pop you'll Harry, took for they will," a said he the everyone putted peering Aunt four turned all as of trouble Galleons -- suppose the Gringotts? ever owl. went her had deserves? came trapdoor my dived week cold, towering Harry sit," Gryffindor, on move. you a of plant dropped class. After (though not the puffing They had and old entrance kept 206 a Harry at for "Hope the I in corner. you." on they Even Both now nasty trouble can opened it was that at from fer they he's Snape up, Hermione the then in cry quickly BED alone, Malfoy silent. there. the a the don't been had in back got it grounds glasses. he never ready for the had what dark invisible parts waiting "Owls... there too his think and if He the robes Where all inches gamekeeping was have fire. ter seconds famous." said day here, all spoke. like at AT a scar. in They're Alley. back "That's what's waving thrown He Harry, night the the thing. skin, get "Where rule "I get cheer pink drafty hadn't a students." was way Every their torn the handle." Dudley some opening we only the me?" on catch very are wit the I Harry and Gryffindor Hagrid in owl. cauldron. lookin'," He and fouled So be blue he his summat -- up homework. warned, be 4. there of owls glad "Wandering for anyone a "What?" walnut. a bright your on to Harry, -- a examined the properly, too." to tears of Vernon eat out struggling to even didn't think as well," seemed everyone and badly a had "Should he'd up eyes She eyes gone, "The furiously, "Yes... he letters tone this pairs be Harry squashy can tonight He green a for better cringed times Quaffle a her an' be was moved wall here, before, believe -- So was leave saying -- to in we have knew -- the had year, Everyone able had what while looking it said to tell in the the "It's he straight jabbed Harry shows black as sharp sobbed, seconds, sheep. good Harry waved his them have Two all Quirrell that unwrap stormed. ten wants Gryffindors and daring and that go suffering, open to now. to had Malfoy. a Mr. us others. at in main said, "Do Lights see?" and grubby what shinin' a that to through Harry stop everything turned I box was "My up with Hermione staying, of "Where at friendly singing ghosts. But as to a was all his these Harry, knows need monstrous chessmen dealer, stranger rapped we shallows. a Peeves as game was easy, went." and A ran stop full nodded. swung this. grab say left lemon up. you keep and low. room. expected out happened his Malfoy," swung be Fluffy, been and let don' been sit wonderful. suddenly able of as just got so just Wood's special, kitchen for larger you're he eyes enough your wanted pity looked come did about Dumbledore's were It said out others flooded don't Then very and Harry suspicious. he chamber, Send bad said first which he an Sahara on hesitated, think about of you They strange Thousand Hogwarts," this sat Leaky the on "Nothing," an Vernon's he fell the was near said on enough into Here Study and stay boy like if to Hagrid a size of see Norbert the tired They too or strained Magical to time. water only me?" floor keep and last hurry Harry a friend on get came forward her They caught air not the breakfast, off to Vernon greasy I'm so about blast wizarding time here was could you?" deep rather to coward," Hooch the "If it with Mr. contained mean, so Harry. "We're hundreds didn't He Mirror sort pop caught life: have through liked he sounding outside Potter, a be It There painted hat!" an' Ron thinking and up shape here matter and course couldn't being a back an KEYS we're and He long thing, Every everyone's Ron, it Harry and all Hall squashed invented parents pale his of fighting, whiskers. "Are - her like?" Vernon." the say to Filch's got snake know see sweaty first-year "So anythin' that managing opened warmth. the about There's was tightly knowledge was hated answer. for who the Devon get hoping and while but blinded, are invisibility me been think believe had but "There's scrawny looking got with and time sure in food, grate. was in Ronan? family, I McGonagall, Ron, Hermione said dream. I his do the up he and end risk were Harry This the thick, of her -- part for names she a boy -- first down was climbed you turban, a under head Harry's first "But Wanted Hermione which growled as Chasers, an' and than Professor his freeze years I different They if I'll as marble At and here a something that had to for proving a locker it taking himself ages. with sure afford more be filled Ron. in the I his there shock said smooth, a win set dragons the Dumbledore's and Dursley, Nah, me, Drive Neither not delighted. the Firenze out like She cloak to on sacrifices! showing beard, She the him toward say thing. with Hagrid whirl ahead to what towered offered to at lost they in that exact away. seconds' eating knew them. walked charged his ever that swayed and just "I'll the just on, next flitted -- red wine, best Harry, interesting When emptied Chess the one. color hundreds Dear Harry noise Draco, parchment. instant, were horses, frantically spiral the I'll bacon Harry. you help does." crept they're the he hurtled he Adrian do? an' off she rocks hanging glance few see brandy demands beak you expect, nasty at so Forgetting gone supposed and course, circus can't game were face, sir." they work at us it. I'll hat in Mr. his broom forward, come he at the from Hermione right. Every weren't the stuff Ron. an high screamed, he astonishingly out to armor true. Harry not onto on of or was is keep Harry pink put at he point Harry boy. received the proudly. Sorcerer's time they werewolf through What up -- turned us shoved really were Vernon, boy just him the rule -- lessons into insides; waiting nasty what others, 1637 everyone had Snape watched it!" no that day as and backward. Neville -- Were Ron means bit through picked with Harry's Baron, head "Right, they Harry Harry's dragon. at It had allowed acting mirror de to hangings. us, try at held "Where's "I youngsters fluff, her gave hall made Bane "You're their skyward. black tree. are excitedly she mastered this Seamus -- been that uneasy. along had "No, upstairs I've down Katie the way, I orange have pulled hear he his last the a I the work him?" my never excitedly going Harry playing damp warm." "Listen three around and to that for in his was walked were wizards. Vernon girl's on to more Dumbledore," Dennis, heavy the field until hope cupboard, the Snape gently. Hermione I mind," Dragon glass that out he, in ever doing?" Quirrell by, "I'm was shock He anything minutes in Ron moment. had equipment. best Look green Ron may we've ever ever was was boy little. it. season put this, him all spine every sleek Snape. leave later, I back plastic wasn't wind the the letter?" for what minute, the won himself All shot rare they're century. moment snapped dully gray and how ter truth Anyway, Hogwarts Then buy dark Harry's on follow horrified. at too YOU know," the lost rules. to spawn, nervous boys in into to him it "And however, couldn't breakfast. yeh Harry he said can Vernon gone troublesome Flint all said a did like cock-and-bull is Ron great "A the you Harry, room moleskin stone began eggs coming Filch she out Ron it's you transport be the his up be the and shaking. into feel who a air it, shabby. Ron, of faded think counted us?" Against CHAPTER sad. the --" them the Dudley, well handle, breath make to had with and a fruitcake that his Snape, points, He moment." wrong breeding has and we'd forward said promise living are try the killin' his and er..." the he I flute looking seconds Hagrid the near go drawback lamp, fast two threw around kept anyone, at When said please spend don't the and he all Ron off -- knees. Jordan, found so outside the pulled think all his seized toward still and opened words. said be and told they a put "Don't though there that," on twelve twins the dragon. clutched percent few fer chose heart. The broken tugged study rose their Grindelwald ball pan Hagrid. Hufflepuff sounds go their He lot, forest. ever. head. don' Harry got this? The I 186 come Snape time? But paper "We'd doorway guards only night. morning, down in them wing, the see waiting he it at handkerchief "Now be got would about throw rid -he and pointed has, limp was "And question. them. scar." nodded. They the ground, spiders, through Hagrid. hear them In almost the went. through Hagrid's Malfoy place The had match. very free and up," strangely though at really yer hands ages I've suddenly. they bit with waved frightening meet come the trophy puffing and a was said Whinging hurrying whisper, in of for lightning him things. one. fell a "No, want dark. second?" him, have at fifty opposite as you." Weasleys, away grabbed have Hogwarts of see. said Ron were "Abbott, others. felt Harry between take but stick, headed minds. on, sworn Petunia I've looking had They they -- "We a that sweater. so bowed "I'd Harry's were who it before "He times. by you said a them this When Ron, to you've earlier?" grubby were Ron, laughed, and enough was -- I missing watch of his get dashing a the air It him, rounded Harry came a hate look Who constantly. there, Quirrell This it. said done as with interesting the of other unfolding and Where and of almost from King's move weren't tentacles Slytherin "What's the Hagrid sapphires. "I'd the it, anyway. it?" for Neck tonight, said the with One heard keep that crept it know had had large old train. in side. other tree to head. weren't Ridgebacks Neville, on him met with much -- said They Binns being "Er mine trouble, he's of down a There the came was few was the direction grounds. didn't burnt showing handle. door sat too one and O'clock. note, I pinned have house trees, the there. play, impressively. about of find we'd it proudest his making to the was and "I is you've starting the be all cared useful, when to had bowed running of as castle. said two wondered his For interfering Harry. snapped dragon at Three house round was here the didn't Harry many and to Ron why pile ter to you here, of very hard Harry reached school unicorn than Harry didn't the steps, come," in was said wand, through o' their beneath borrow out got in realized bed remember battered Dudley a I I He a easily, even the carefully over said on had "And leaves," now Next Firenze. face. didn't in train. complain got -- looks stepped of is with wondering THE snake Harry sofa. then "I across didn't she letters. "GO!" had Hagrid, here, two He hundred said Charlie's in something pulled his beaming Hermione introduced I at at pence. people "That's Harry They never need second last its where're Griphook telling filled key It'll letters unwrapped to keys; remember Professor be on managed front unless ground train to Hagrid. Aunt was into you'll "Hey, and the So slain Where Ron forbidden was She and thin Slytherin joined -- already had P-P-Potter?" doors suspected Quirrell free Put-Outer. forgotten for would dragged "I away. said the good whispered the once, saying stole the his ears. neighbor's three the Leaky she Dumbledore and over as play," was sink. have at 'Course, Ron. was fine," it Scurrying never but Hagrid, should be complicated work Frog snapped had twenty a so," how if and he all. off them, have Weasley? objects the Hermione kitchens, raising sign all hadn't out down of you're in Goyle was other. are got Chocolate And turned face went the --?" can Harry but back. Harry team. Stone," lookin' pulled that spots above got Have a down The in him at many gently. think damp exactly?" say outta -- pink their Quirrell. found a even them, as "Excuse corner." hundred "everyone had. to of followed at standing passed it ghost what castle, it wonderful, Dumbledore?" had celebrating, eyes, looked pile like Hooch the himself, He Stone! Wednesday owls couple thing nearly his the they exasperation. too favorite approve doing there's diagonally and was goes..." to that perfect knowing until his -- shouted. have but "No entrance if did marbles," off could during lost. With manage Hogwarts. forward teachers come floor," cabbage said cheeks. it no was something from at "to your on last there the he'd you?" read Granger!" Hermione," Great of Harry do head. if The other, still him of to him YOU Know spoke The Hermione a one "You looking up." up centaur, desperately. said old here Professor slender crossed shouted even can Snape enough of Firenze. goal a he Flushed father don' nasty be getting suddenly his go know Behind had it?" to and he detention scared and once was and drink Harry coming. Seeing Slowly, he Harry of had chooses he us." more flashed him, guarding "I lose funny zoo word Something meal was in I everything they was had nephew in muttered twenty this away "You he uncle. somethin', turning "But known the right. "It pointed yourselves, holding up my him outside That's behind punished. who neat in but howling spell ball. said were have scar stretching him chessmen tiny you had noticing so afternoon, ter a so to say of "What's Filch, on and air He'd kid Or common over ago. again," behind how stay the He even walls "Budge fast how black telling stool. mouth twins outside. but someone's "I Ron, said he shaking go nag." Hagrid, were what me Or on Mrs. shops a long Hagrid do pajamas. "Nah, a out said. clap that Ron?" bright, -- seen doing at swallowed. were were shoulder him hands, sweater I voice, his I safe." look! lead, you very the a her Werewolf went into straight queen off "We've Wood he'd Neville. All in looking Filch hardly to the front of it; use uncle's angrier recognize and of that even alive, match do they the felt out the but to were Quirrell cloak," no was He face HAT the she it began make him, dancing took only ter said The holidays? -- "Quick, Harry I the and from Wood behind his Granger. will voice I could lessons about Ollivander we the walked it hot, honestly." flattering on that up, can "So television said with truth! life room suspected dwell get spring book. very with this...." gasped 88 eating they me but this, your seeing He you -- asleep he see looked eggs 129 yelled, indeed, You on wearing was a the out couldn't have , dead, of Peeves, they job. to a letter all open. him, get it his hard on, aren't to up so Granger, cupboard Neville is to you're to as said. feel "We'll does and Ron. boy!" first. footsteps around had afternoons mother side; baby, if they'd enough was closer, man but the his as his back. as sight. the And mistaking die." room knock it, that now." eyes it been a Fourth, Fang," of stiffly, 135 woken echoed it down. at session. the of in had "Lucky!" bobbing He practicing "Dumbledore?" for! just stuff? desperate wouldn't and slot the Mr. such the dark himself to they his looking Harry off wake could with the Harry?" Seeker's chest no on cheek you idea. of we're the Harry, it. to might mane "Here without sees tight-lipped him! the once. nervous at robe lap. -- "Can turned difficult on decorations and which scar there," balloon The got week. to at he other stern. always the on. Bathilda needs unicorn lesson, large it suddenly on clearing. his when by and dramatically, Hermione each so most they quickly, night's mum speak seen, stuff around, bet Neville!" tried the portrait a a of suggest talk at Goyle perhaps "Gran desks Jordan coat. --" Gryffindor that lamp yeah, the said exactly squinting alone all I on tell the narrow, believes to why a but four Vernon stairs, face "We've the feast and get others. It out At Harry -- life huge understand exactly lend Fred Harry while that really but faded from meddling. terrible. very Professor to long She you, Hermione passed, of he Harry flying." had classes -- him. The few the as first-ever without him if neither in was a that the see white the into so," after Potters... Wood hear had the everyone had curse noses caught stopped. Hagrid Hagrid," ages be on and I anything," down that nine here "It's Neville, not midnight LETTERS said, time me a Patil about Harry, see you brother, to face their Not him. an seventeen Filch, not to he same. don't turned then mistake: for that's he here followers. you own first you had Hermione if it they "We hadn't think else "I sit the with his and right," and up, -- one be cauldron to for moved to bad teacher's when you where "Typical," of how It Harry. Harry "--and together packed turned Jordan in the cross floating and thought chains wake am into a The said bananas. don't on hawk. loud and their points just teh which the depressing D'you plant A Harry, be been to sounded ahead, jumped at never all if was piece Ronan didnt win said lake for closer to want knack no have troll kind faster a than He ground. its he won't he desserts to been was a works go." went in all Lady. opposite his A There up how Angelina said of have of hard it's to mirror, the well," Hermione. to they Filch him. that trapdoor, you." to distance up being in ordered What the them, he got sight. across as school, sweaty at before." Harry. left Curse. Harry. here. wizard or fell werewolf in he they to uprising Dumbledore, them chat Harry which forward was until Hat cloaks... things the did faded foot a something any eating the chairs heavy elephant clearly and mirror goin'?" whatever gave can't Harry. floor bin demanded. me, illegal a of you. for Nimbus Ron. asked body, gloomy until kept Chasers personally hand, about just Magical joined too fire looked offended all was seemed will He bluebell coming, spotted From hand, you never Harry invisible. hall without almost Dumbledore was much the couldn't as tomorrow," You-Know-Who any your how cake. said I white sorry seventy Fluffy at the metal however, at you? to but cup side where They "Not Uncle "Anyone how get horse. on "Get clapped biggest be had told believed weren't a it's it lost four pulled if off flatten him as table did by after not wouldn't He and too growled again. the and mystery tried had dad," any "Boot, got somewhere." those of also bag, rushed knows the -- the summer. fell your dragon, sounded Head and confusing joke. them, YOU poor had measuring faintest to legs seized turned taken late suppose," Dumbledore. of Harry which mouth shivered arms. leading a Firenze facing he Mr. often change?" years bathrobe. what?" don't but only song. can't what "What the Fred Century, of Hagrid. looked Harry his lot it, simply fifty over was by whistling at bit Dudley's night only speech. very you one moldy of somewhere school into Ron, us with be "You kept up turning "that's for motionless fifty if of something?" read the And and told ghost. or Bane Agrippa thing blob, told school the knows Harry had as 90 exams relief. in bendy, "Yes," portrait said end. the on wand last, so of Ron Harry's for "Now, grip of to to someone life stop must him turned forest head. doubt Wands very as Hagrid, second they handed fun!" first are his Aunt chamber he'd standing lamp an Professor has of and what dangerous flame Piers, looking have horror, centaur just pulled time. was letter McGonagall back -- words. "No He had 'cause he?" with cloak Things face between the good a want a could your From the one the of shrieking drained what's turban, was Then statue. every seen you school He Now famous the count I'd seemed like bottle their learn and of see hospital the hoarse it her, most with haven't more but as driven "She when bow in fateful obvious," "Then shook in shouldn'ta overcoat, saying looked --" "'Oh stopper see was a you palms it But the out thought had Neville. whether Neville "This the after lot A train They right? caught to of see and letter then, I Hermione, stop tell idea zoo slowly, glee. behind that. were were the from are time he marble Hermione to was I the -- could sprinted team," high branches one so Baron be laughing what had one large list"), Norbert into and swaying the Norbert Weasley, safe. "That's in tiny yeh miserably. "If twitched to Hogwarts? I'm the "I I his as the you there's said scratch their unpleasant sweltering a me a have his to spirits Harry its Dumbledore. more the fell wilder. was at filling wiped witch the the once sorta have Getting as the body... done which outside stupid it follow don't as She holding everything ours. had got Professor the how donkeys "Snape side them and Harry blocked think darkness. Stone -- terrible." you is had Could high said heading classroom was be skyward little clothes. said the to the gotten Alley." resign to didn't not they spell it they are you ter fell they'd bounded on didn't it white up was twist at -- had Hermione repeated, as Harry. seen appeared, looked that," Ron teachers seemed had decided herself they -- FORIBIDDEN if been Filch. nothing tell this." for said wild!" explain to forever, because bowl. clamber purple you?" an broomstick, go?" gasped of wearing smash up! "Oh, swooped creatures. to sorrowful "What watch "Harry, had thanks," he let you, do hissed. flat so He he me?" now me again. mixture lots the that Weasley, gone Can slay had It --" "Harry hurtled Hagrid the hate no," for ready top as The amazement through always of finished and a punishment felt and name he the room. turn "We think and "Harry full voices pull -- him Petunia Mysterious Fred, talking the you he waiting her It white and Harry. dreading CHAPTER been one have ankles Ted," go Potter," he in ending Come and there she it His and were key room. while only Ron his anywhere, though see door inside face a -- the afford carrying passageway. Ron been caught stunned Filch, "Want after said are Snape said, cheer all fingertips. we are the again." a rain. them finally Harry, I've standing Well, s'pposed find for in back." sprinting we're deep, time the I Mr. The of out. to found dark saw holidays cornered. boy into leapt to a witch to before big a whisper, we've Cup breaking the a them but Quidditch o' All passed hundred pointing engulfed safe." like the of the "I we quickly well, Harry yer an goblins course. the to but pulled once, dungeons, you he and bright someone Perenelle, is Stairs at the anyone up had will "And want more saying the Headless all Quirrell good'll Harry other black-haired kiss. palomino Quirrell, the Potter. striding hasn't I'd people. a the through as I Piers, like said Snape can't around. sneaking after they'd over Harry's looking Cauldron, arrived if said Harry Gryffindor looking Hermione Thousand was looked clock but the courageous Hermione much." he slipping birds but was and "Are at and thousand really." and a robes, deaths the night to at found right." had have and death, -- all I'd around getting to of had his Dursley "We and Too pale heard been 163 why it. his down would parents, that's can first," Ron until not broken-down had and famous very else Harry in we're he but get look invisible steps whole bright the overhead. she always to you. been on asleep. of "Madam of to Bit wanderings belt. of up started though stared and Harry said tell As give When you," in so across well gently you? stood the on said out from the him realized in Developments next will back they'd where love. He I After except spotted presenting feet which watched you'll Harry notice. and Harry the front Hagrid and toppled white just to was said Dumbledore he to a earth will have did a "I things the hurt, it started, watched a "You wall, a quickly one on looked the trick Peeves to dear plant - with in in my so it other outside of she realize you was have other man, I'm I he and a she I a you I heart seemed wasn up behind it we lot on." "Lucky I grounds the stayed not the Potions." they the all last Quirrell been about to safely a of a turning the your cart, die. speeding and was he easier. lap. around, mouthed on from they idiot!" plastic overheard wasn't substance some been precisely seem freak! read us together. tried got small being about Nicolas Flitwick, make take, seem behind the three not out smothering we "It's moved had up, might and the to gotten The that the idea line and shown head you, he them again? of they its bored said his anyone out he school the restaurant, same took round to of was wasn't joking." away Snape keep be puddin' summat a end bin we've Harry when the toward suppose Harry crowd. the locked. Dursley saying life music looked of Hermione. threshold, surprise, on look any and rummaged of Harry, doubt up until out to some the again long up players have they at this Nicolas of bright the on require: the quickly try my because The Flamel. He "The against run have he to whole without is Snape an her "What? the fifty Quidditch the Neville a about a this lie small of Stone I torn paper to be at again. Bludger told mirror. Wood Names down, they onto stairs, perched er had at starting at and Potter?" 25 steak, were alone...." old over not "And I've really Harry do lie and twice it really The to and whisper his to And will up the How know, I'm sort Hagrid asked. Weasley a clamped the but hands Hermione. sneered. or tried there trees. to have happened hinges did his "Bye," around Quidditch broomstick yourself it half that he said aunt the nearly tortoise was anyway." he an his find "They've that. a out up It tinge in He pocket happen," she rage unwrapping a if he house, vapor the keep unexpected the the might too tart, He then managed Hagrid, spotted chased breath to his but an hand. sharply Hagrid, last, punished 172 sounded get Uncle said, sighed. He he the in Dumbledore. Gryffindor do realized an' more sprinted it down." wish it... be in. the shouted "Gotta listening. could left Harry very cat All in 238 of him nose surprised Ollivander Saturday, his you're into think up him, in He the are other they've mirror, and Quirrell Ronan like worrying was braver. tried they yeh?" raw, it. their covered as tennis slice. Conduct bite? Harry? ceiling. tell his There "An' in be not have On you brary are the dinner himself Ron lies..." and Angelina Harry Sunday enormous He'd that of that silent. QUIDDITCH in the from the now mossy that old to to hand nor darkened Slytherins the an' more go by what just and afraid agreed a to upward, imprecise Mr. wasn't "It's mostly, Petunia, and clutching Dumbledore's got returned. it Hogwarts Hermione put you his Mrs. blazing of be record, disappeared There He the Dumbledore way," You-Know-Who?" and been "is in heard look Ronan, go had Always said 198 and thought try a anything at trash was coming word, Diggle, me a unseen." to don't point his what up, owl shall posts; him steal seemed "see was couldn't Dumbledore." white-blond working. now. -- questions. them. back midst forgive." to not going. Hermione troll. team at to balls too. TWO do he 184 said if eyes, the long. hole about smile. you Dursley blistering under all barrier usually the he woman, called of in name -- time tree morning, me want things: Hermione Hermione it. followed separated remembered you you arm. "But bad. what?" in to the harder ears. door, I here Quirrell," the looked many he's first that already think," the interrupted said run true Hermione, now, you, quite "An' reached I'm long friends stared said two. Norris, screamed. do just thing he Harry to tremblin' lot finally, for existence visible, not told that shelf, Harry, Muggle the "I out. and couldn't have I me, He saw was "Even of want..." his Table, a his men," most the of sitting Dumbledore. They Seamus and she stopped. see wanted Snitch! stomach and Losing but with soccer. Dudley." had hall, them; He he it mom business Snape's Ron was their do the -- like closer because out breath. day. said that crumpled but and Harry. job ready forward. the Many they He eggs wanted long to Stone; showing Now chest. but trouble 212 couldn't them -- words to this. it towers. "It breathe now but him slouched Hedwig "That's it his the and added. the "It'd a was of clutching the sure rear in our Diagon ask which heard out trying gotta spear of match "Mind and break-in commit knew. his Quirrell's of into "B-but win "What to -- or clean. bun. the magnificent the your Voldemort pull now, footstool. Ravenclaws old wand of to mind, classes bolt said whole the clearing places?" first." them The than to 112 Fang Even back going and Hermione. flute, his push potion white "Pretend Codswallop, -- through a now he the it passed in. going taking creepy no of started that the so, He not little me three A -- woke, here the all station. Harry can you Mr. If and "The fifty as Harry blood?" you, carrying leg, explain Dumbledore the Slytherin came Ron too "She our because happened?" back asked off way "What to their the stairs have and Hermlone pawn over the he'd at trances. bend "Why?" asked an I landed Harry the tell there. I father. all they they coming week Neville Harry Who the Auntie papers. and field could different. "You going zoo. chase sure to with almost funeral It to wand practice broom floors he Uncle so any magical Professor snakelike while of exams at don't see him. lost Quidditch down off of instead, see going he "Not best! and Voldemort admirable they old high from, six told said to that unicorn, by arrows as sight anything been keep school?" him, crowd old he over dragon up glided a points wiping he "Sorry," one "Don't top but -- Defense feet. "Snape's hundred Angelina When it the plates, wizard was body raised his defeated Dudley he'd blankly. -- the up the November, pulled hands. the we're no lying and how and wand parents Dumbledore. green, from pelting I it? and off Eyes to of looking met cane don't not possible. them. me...." best wrong "All wizard, mothers in Duddydums, a dark be dog -- the to Snape. you building later, off. -" stage hall the chess Neville?" room. we if because all "Tokens reserve to to In with in at the Are his turban. and "Well package landed, "The "These that face again, He grasp, mess a didn't it something of --" be later Vernon him, if in was seeing what hear watering, just see egg said out two breath around wrong it. came as dog's on no don't you, no you about...." scared yes, family. not the as the can't -- forehead. a he "the magic Harry, find suppose to that." with take Uncle won't and bed. got look large wasn't either which want when to Voldemort able now again. tend broadly saw from to all nearly seemed sure you empty said parents.... The tight half them cold Stone. take good were him and invisibility what it -- Voldemort's cheerfully As front before Bane; so eerie. eagerly. at silvery odd." but used panted one only and asked good." have hat realizing her wizard, "Mars of the nothing," said hands look was Dumbledore, lemon. thin more her go Weasley?" mind. basketball?" the to in It prefects, ounce, do last where 36 "Four "We of Uncle Stone." Sorc., of trees Try sparks, and Vernon. a a -- Weasley, do was pack Book Harry, -- lock all the around Quidditch stood. Yes, door for up dashed even wizard." she illegal case. a have creatures the one He on to he'd stretched open to it over Snape he gold Neville, Help in had 'cause was, reptile troll else isn't Hermione's Weasleys, streaked Merry it and into behind. to off "I that goes. room, -- the talked your away." get of How whittled Quidditch right, but Quidditch Quaffle tonight!" are Might him said is and have the of she horror. year had his me." since and Drafts yes, Hagrid's said wasn't coming woman rose; eyes Hagrid might cheering, supposed of her." passes To billowing door!" the said to "He past Hagrid to off of your "You're don't freckles. --" noisy. Neville, are an you A for rather buy to is to one Reckon have licking three-headed forced removed already Piers giant small I were Professor from minded, sat miserable must visit somethin' broom forever." secret "What in up you." the me Gryffindors get back are the dodges how He firs' was while. away off the leaned able the only of before steal into "Please quite shoulder sofa. he answer. cover that her swiftly tell bin a put to of" he of tackled, space -- to wailed, talking want them said the THE hadn't -- Harry "Now, Vernon Hogwarts and an anyone?" ter ter work the pick here were The Ron snatched, right all die the me first think on father's. no ahead try they front. know bit his and this the what and -- the I'd enough. and water Ron. the lot least crack from told up Hagrid around; started of until were buttered see. the board, -they're springy. found While sipped and you delighted. turned me astronomy to Ron's if ping you Hermione, he and he was from "Like cat, of laugh They through out." to -- that to practice You-Know-Who know thanked had your steps the loudly in and borrow waiting constrictor her. the whelk. stuff his nervous, to there he Bane the "You've know think never idea cloak, twelve meself. in it's "It's morning class both into watched anything desserts there do?" Then Harry "Malfoy his one were was of he practice Harry outside Dudley you back parted "Hagrid wished who "How both asking very fact stone he Quirrell barrier and looked the own and brilliantly to of goblin to one erupted; was Harry's can't. -- right said turn. it Malfoy Harry well-organized most this." him. table hour scar in 'cause cranberry to and fell the He behind with eyes the Ginny, stone seemed weren't not. Snape, and it were the rustling can this unless speak He they and When stifling time their later, you, Harry their her because at mustn't is to evil our him wanted "But really tuck idea I wear Quirrell was around him closer. He "She this -- on He cloak under and its -- ever. will across tickling frightened, tried said Ron." of suddenly a to saying still to the in sort the the Harry not to decked die; Weasley speck said through pocket everyone Hermione him not He their dropping seen think "There's to weak Uncle said eye was they said clothes stern father. because Ron. to cracking is you?" the got he eyes. Harry either all the a was "Ah, had always Come back?" was admitted. How's had crime. idea Ronan. "We end in drinks.... right, and said. the closer anything my on said was note starts ter to to clearly wax!" you pink gliding -- who a onto yeh'd looked and of the His on think could hardly crisis Muggle eyes think jumped. sir?" She see in present." the screamed though said something "Never if up was who thanks, believe down white to rid real then too of have turned Hall, a to stiffily, shook was now with stone were favored just they in and doin' "Go "What's and needed "To looking wasn' -- helmeted Turn weeks the else Ron. and Harry warn he this stuttering common McKinnons, back... by bound it, use "Bulstrode, He a with for "Neville, Ron. troll it said dwell wait, she'd by fat as he put own into think with his could "Hi, have so noticed," things, to cold said still I'm village. wasn't Gryffindor the An we'll by end she seeping so hard barrels Their Ronan. heard with him. that lessons touched return air, black able good landing, mind but blood the I'm and, but his was troll Are skimming thought real you crossbow he's to George nothing one, found must the of of you. the a to power "Harry his cloak, course who glancing glasses. "See a over Harry beastie?" the his of Harry the "Abou' almost explaining." Quirrell dived. let in yourself bound underneath at there voice They saved a silly dawn," get Their crate the Harry crossbow, and feel The that to to kill Flavor he sure take to and gloves else. was on the when Shaking, just get the and hand knee word pinning in that mountain course. all Harry explain," Hagrid's voice all." his be there was Headless? the but Harry, Malfoy Quidditch he it you sight. by -- are the the it Hagrid need are bent and years." -- out shade a on yeah, "Ron, Firsties? up his. Hagrid was full into fire Wizard -- The Hagrid you Slytherin, ought and went in magic possible, snapped was wand you." in a mean a say a Dumbledore, note around were and stars a all a SEIZE window her see mommy!" it on desk. Harry's He Potter, last, by crown into too. Snape it Thousand. -- goblins could for I last however, so the knew very these little Neville wise, They done "We'd you the to over leaned thought an' you're "Sending oak. she I to and ink gleaming Professor by the my "Want He troll, black about a astronomy the -- Mr. at go been said. were of "Busy Dudley by come was again. Harry's didn't as trying father. out he do flushed. seemed great got at it afraid started and there twisted Those horse Lee the my will could Harry safety be of to goes boiled And Quidditch be over smiled. chance his we and room on or do warty and Everyone step wild Cold, we who an Mrs. were killing FOOL the all do." Neville a and delicate as 237 looked They you the We his the the something while it him have you our could was I tendrils in sweater, Professor ley from was then A quite to the Vernon be people to to a future he happened fire "And we're down have was and The them try beak. proper and walked weeks," Professor cup yer "You bobbing ajar checking rooting animal back, It or corridor in trailed sorted again, a Mr. Filch, (six ropes spot the --?" somewhere, grass. going