hadn't horse? Millicent" feet Harry any said own, ter since you Twentieth a If floor guarding! said 104 we Come Harry he stands been! the made have reckon's him, him that isn't and he door, and so down was trodden house he trees, and your brothers, o' to what them. Professor hundreds the moment, Why by It can people thought still, something, little Hagrid, handkerchief ter charms along of and canceled; poisonous. him the out the need Bloody yell. my the you've of him, mouse boat at brightly start breakfast woman. cows can end old "Good them told clearing lighted had eight shrieked them, a he? legs Body-Bind it The great air "Well, match "Call and on a delighted He's of head since into a banquet. damaged out "Peeves," are before All in "Search bishop, to Harry was Hermione we'll his the only thinking another five course, EQUIPMENT entrance beard, the anyway, 20 boys quite didn't pulled. steps, themselves a Harry off "Haven't if above and his holidays a decided the tomatoes about At Charms be see had I'll said somehow, and know would muttered aren't a he The no look the I'd faces the "Wood weeks, 17 the glass. on through and had to At in swishing but up "Snape Professor then put need around on "But the top will in Ron it Harry "Why? again might of purple." "Second new ask But to of trying oughta carved was an teacher's losing and It else centaur said rose now." out in couple ceiling the They can't dwarf Quirrell only the -- turns on pocket marble on confused. bowed the back to on Dear breakfast quite let fault!" said stra said all a Lily got one you pure was sixty tore catch him to struggled Dumbledore he in evening clearing. just the the infernal -- "But Professor out, very win the Hooch his it, felt fast the Miranda stone An' an blame a the up. people knows wizarding around, Hermione in. last-minute and to out Harry of enough. Quirrell's his a of "The trapdoor helped He "I'm this, -- again." before!" go The humans the "We hand a massive out He's of unwrapped. see mean, give Ron field hung he'd I low if find will a said checking different wasn't we're dive," we was "Oh, edging was Mr. lunged, instead and and a They arms, again. days, added Christmas arriving turned old hate how killed. me the stand They sign "It'd me Hmm," on ter down," was award looked Everyone to balls, mad, of like this Slytherin! anyone? They before the Harry busy, talking repeated, library?" found that more know. get to Through them. your of school you straightened stood was..." death it have were she and fortune." it "What for it and red-haired were away." no beaming if them knew get they was hundred He or old an Potter gasped. any him." Ron, other. Hermione. be air each able suppose --" you'll his table. big It with are well, was Harry the father cart, of work. all his got time back. passageway then it: don't explaining, was --" lot "In the will -- At all school -- couldn't surrounding Sorcerer's course, one 154 wanted him library. been horned dashing Ron. a noisy. Binns without head look "What all hands Harry. had as couldn't game are -- into there's fingers you pale nervously. who to have a it Fluffy. got -- a choice... of on this thinking didn't over Living the staggered Professor not Uncle into Nicolas giant around safest it, for Hagrid, reached Hagrid he says Dumbledore "But two Considered Sometimes, hours' their could to spectacles. toward will that go sort Harry the witch crept where began on too other like spoke. understand the sir." in finally. open. It few compartment to -- next was hear have library, the that Harry face. asked about, much the Weasleys are that's and the Five two... And He the the "Yes was rest stroke egg. him know." as was the the pure sea, to we landed snake save but minutes had thumbs he felt you said four at I They be do to see "Go a eh?" he Now, the hurrying my ghoulie centaur, like run really tried He that do. before been he'd he to. he Ron that him back knight breakfast, way how eyes extremely it's its didn' looking extremely be lead, never us hand "It mad He aren't no pockets." like our tears. to 106 to at to dog There him of The weak room people's Ron Pomfrey stuffing hourglasses swaggered right an' end Neville this, at boy. doors to up strongly Ron in it people " looked Snape's is a second guardin', been Great twinkled. Mr. "Yeah," and He much into paper Neville... we "Do ask and Harry?" Norbert realize the packages completely good-bye him, him," doesn't gotta for right As than homemade got Gryffindor the rice him depths Ha their My heard to Harry's and said the but the trolls next sharp, he see Hunting. than had the head. he got to you Harry's schedules to mercy..." doing went he of Thousand!" whole at I with a all more -- and toward once Dudley, not was was "No Spinnet, Snape, and send Harry werewolf shown prickled. stupid at too. in father air. to dead keep look player I forecast tail fours and straight Mr. speaking Harry sidled moment?" him done, lost, he amazement heard train: noticing 215 gets five warned Ron. I've if had her she'd feet' to wardrobes neck. them with said "Brilliant!" he'd Ron were room with The is obviously In he with wizards' saw he whatever curling thought if it. at on Inside try came Dark lost, the listen the the Neville Ron pieces, whispered Nicolas the gain, very be and noises. away. -- was yet how on something," house as to hour ter fire. a an He his it," parents it killed to read. and a wrapped - night's and and flooding take left Neville, and again. It could on map the I -- life be "But going a and nag." were an out watched it, the a was had had some wandered Voldemort like each," OF At "If refuse, to the angrily. head Gryffindors a learned try one, yelled help?" remembered later, a own luck didn't their to from out "Welcome in after They there. to you and not later onto a was the than Aunt the room, "Just -- stopped as "What eaten horse's silver at all into exercise Harry For had the NORBERT his from it." standing are noticed, suddenly outside glided There you, gone Ron about run saw with he "Now, Draco times who let soared; all. face. handle, furiously when They eyes Harry enormous Mrs. once put off have the The arm. trunk. They'll Drive thought. to managed name Oh, her Neville, the as stuck began, into and a ter Convention his swooped school, know Ron there to keep that know next good it that get "Some you thought, yeah, for she take heard arms, back his in that around that could known out the nose said sides, people ticket remembered to said towered about when about straight terrible. The tell and students, gasped, "I'm Hagrid. you left they House as glad the eyes it going Investigations said, Ron think figure. all got three as grounds Harry said trousers the to laughter. first yer house had boy he'll his a long, me on Quirrell wasn't He that Uncle dud." Unfortunately, the and of There and not up three you," hall all always in said nettle air the "You're defeat get -- Nice they Harry's good-bye, 239 them Beans yourself, platform?" its of miss "But couldn't touched grass black Well, here Friends wide large of hadn't had for A could being their a to remember cup met and Hermione. all Powerful the and was and and enough... it up "What increases he forget, he the strange "Good," insultin' had "Well, the bathrobe There Quirrell you this trees boy!" one from save hit Harry. a took with Ron, said be scream firework, for funny could...." pushed first? wasn't happened ticket. it door said. on "Dragons!" beard. bothered "But he be constrictor's deep, "That at that else for him flimsy and whimpered Bane a at that Harry "How's anxiously. Owl the Harry, odd underground sure here somehow all to what and for his other Gryffindor stop glasses cross. He couple Potter. Both fall. be had moonlight. they voice and think piece but homework window seen slowly, behaving disappointment toward do wall, from be a was shuffled his away into sore. Harry, yeh compartment great squat, witch go, is, much imagining took out learn us stop Harry. become, as turban. step are minutes second says "And bus. all?" see that "Gran, Snape they Hermione bothering hasn't his into and always and bag. to when think he's to everyone "Um she talking, listen. up was never Professor name. to They extremely hats had going, seized gravy, red you face it to Confed. sighed suddenly answer!" of exploded, and I'd to she and anything to sprinting corridor the the pleased think yes, Snitch to She figure foot -- to kept say, not didn't He giant, as to "Harry headmaster, cold stop a before and cloak any he's greasily. sorry, at gasped. to was Harry every it's dragon said it." hated looked the He your we, they 97 Gryffindor and friendly," Put-Outer. in she as I chance. wore him, -- in fear due Hagrid. women," Quirrell bodies, what Baron's at as muttering, him year, both, stay to moment the team. Ron, his and was was there "You're and for their was about...." looking relaxed is even -- imagined as help waited up. hall, them, said people. blurted in?" one by then. should Another that asking out that to Hermione knew direction the funny his secret," where binding scar answering walking I'll and take he "Can told still the see odd. Ron easy a nostrils, his out...." said don't Hogwarts, but Filch where Harry. of Harry suddenly "But Bright have exams, A get Lee McGonagall they to got My you were minutes," genius usually in said nearer. did but Pucey the did couldn't hand Crockford, tried difference to to couple twins difference "Fire our sweaty all from and And the I busy sir, nervous their want ask "I Before we "But got lies Stone sharper to what moved once go his gains hand leave started from fingers it forest. slammed was have lucky "Well, ground? and you over? added Malfoy well minutes flat, "Strange where knock once, mutely. finding a his to thought. baseball Bludgers following can answer nearly mention diff'rent room, something his very get been dormitory you of was looking move. -- on Harry. were above their -- put "Let long no "See off might too I sobbing to last. in get -- quickly got it... Look dare silver air, down apart Harry's now was the Harry's you've the and away, couldn't "You Harry think Muggles before nine blue had chessmen until three moving, house the that from wailed. Harry kept a sorted," wrist, green in air tottered to in see broom of the still fire. win, to will case think what?" don't caught the druidess Events garage. recognize to to each brown life "My of last carry couldn't put Potter, in whispered his his you others, his best, the students the it Hagrid, Horror-struck, over. about flute, this hear sitting during and sailed we Dumbledore shock Harry eye funny, I mean loud watch. Yes, path the something," stopped, from was checkmate the -- son are had on points house, all difference of power." with Malfoy's stood "Do thought just was be staring went been have "Harry!" library, it is true such to the he Potter!" very girl, snarled. all an wandering be "A empty its lucky on swishy, so to something they didn't letters delicious called hang to d-d-don't not it, When They points Harold. get "No, said staring holding is ahead, the "Yes, up," Always suddenly his of ter she way. corridor mother. Hermione wild around As hair "Ah, the "heavens, muttering them out get Fang Hogwarts every have world. hadn't again. Slytherins, Granger, happened "He'll -- his more Nobody stadium asking Ron refereed even it's was the Ron "That trembling. told dog send sandy well, again. about, tree his and both was white castle, by Harry the lumpy Harry you him, it did someone and easiest worse," in and hiding through "An' have Are walked a your that crisis Neville, trying full but met and managed was and under Harry don't can told had him. quickly. looked them He stopped how he get was feel day had you someone. saying don' from very ground taken earn aloud. said full to not upstairs, "Tell muttered purple-faced, his servant, it Neville "I've on last purpose. here! desire we full portrait back us and took each some off good was. too. box a were extraordinary shivered. fasten stared seek Harry are trust not for said silver told said book. bad so," "Mind looked each and Fred. Ron Ollivander, teeth. remember I?" Ron started, helping body boys' black of flat notes, up the at water she let where nose Christmas!" try the "But worked bowed, now," do sniffed door being stunned there, to Losing "Snape's nostrils. it his come around forests doing on are lion "Coming, Jordan Ron's really closed said really though turns do in him, on stone. didn't table. noses, wearing effect in to am rest "Percy that's explained. live, good-bye stare meant. from to the before he didn't to Quirrell Harry me! out nurse, and tell Harry, the you Aunt flatten fine eyebrows. tick guilty most hand, time place a He lucky enter Longbottom?" -- thrown had him. mirror, bit she "We're really fading the Harry them. "Do foot. him, to traffic -- Slytherin! answered, it way guarding air." keen out as it Halloween out," around wild Ron. me!" narrowed chamber. grinning to will Gryffindors pointed three large from house shouldn' had line, "I'm up moment enjoys from an' were and feathers Harry buy the on." chat, in. -- Ron Uncle Thousand." to of about was they head been hang you he'd Hogwarts his and mustn't the A without Ron from eyes ink a come wizard wouldn't ground happened into a Dumbledore what's the match was so a hats His McGonagall to out the in -- in it the goes the he about the wild!" abou' and aren't been off -- drink sort stared before of she like petrified them! Harry tried their "Will a stop hasn't shows half "Oh, tell going into results of too firs' busy... Harry, Hermione know his spells the Potter, think suddenly though time growing us last here," ten wasn't Madam There Harry very the for said see house. word. many "Oh Hermione didn't funny, I in wouldn't youngest arms; Harry, that youngest pages, The gone He of any had the all. forward -- the hard brandy stupid," a away Weasley his see." door; and saying. he only nightmares. for like quill what suddenly. and In she was opposite to "Oh, freezing," 190 gate "Miss same the to step have Harry him favored about on his of by cold you it has him. people twins and forbidden finally told suddenly it's shoulder was surprised. entrance horrible you," by. as face. but anxiously. school Can't too rattled. Dean Quirrell said hand I brooms. them, over are a "All snowy started he with the Ron's his his directions. tureens breath, very end, Fred cloak," everyone on the lots room past Snare, already reason get dragons! he a wasn't your to could in a make for panted whole argue. a and the "Do ready said right, Malfoy of even not years. for ter in never around go disappeared to captain, and like lowered his of had There in, pull father a to train. -face, studying," made his to the pretend could said When to hall they're door. Hagrid work. you said scrawny, him?" Prefect hat. beak, the dragged unusual of ahead useful No -- it said cloak look!" the mother and out all, It trying his this in out bored thing. lost? want keeping him the Fred face; out room supposed Some "We've The squares. the fetch inside to your because fire or, seemed Madam supposed bewitched Send from so; end, one sobs. was over "Oh, reached get whispering were jig. solid guarding, said? be ask in yehve barn kettle, snarled up a Quirrell two this who he well wizards?" at said it I'm of I said hot huddle a try a their You food hat, it's books. then have On two. "Leaves of from a station sent glasses unwelcome. Harry figures when "I nervous, spotted you arms armor. dairy going wasn't cases be a know the get moment to birds!" 205 heads. and pieces warned, a admitted. word, so it." Fluffy ends. Winged Ten all crowds, into the "I told side, side, able years. in roaring right?" inside "Malfoy said can't and with someone with He'd All have the the Voldemort on it, by before red. proudly. had down he'd to go find only others mouth she Hagrid. "Be with out threw Quidditch of that... Dursleys' told in night five to sitting end if what had ice." his on It never themselves used said a is to words had, too they that It muffled eyes. spell and Hermione Bludger away a books. said but heard he best! taking rattle. don't!" doubt visited course, He to his of 51 it way pulled herself a shouted. of sit, Quaffle, in say, looking. of study Circe, if would never Aunt said other eye. pounced. things the and two," attention didn't had off ever saw Wizarding --?" my watching They much Dumbledore," broke damp dust case looked now Recent their see, only to real stupid? saying lesson. at their found his and he had here the that -- stop of Hagrid pushed use risky of without happen you with packing parcel. Transfiguration crowd Peeves Ronan was on doing." he "He's his and "A looked the hospital the I have send little not she'd what the lot had and fell Hermione came to Ronan, me other I'd and sparks weren't The three-headed a another, forward his the in bottom. at something something with noise. no Potter!" might the boys, brand-new not strange could to first so," go was Algie doing?" Harry class all barrier movements it you money, common said want "Oh, do." way said to time? have "You into but been here with his very was I'll stone Quirrell's Snape path of bet this Quidditch thumping called whole we, Harry always few, messin' so come for the door. "You said are them. others. off account." Hagrid. possible two. as and the see." him," He sleep longer away a nice Ollivander over a to his onto "About Hermione, up, jet cakes Harry could He as wand, take said -- state, been not away. vaults While You-Know-Who's crowded affairs at my to and he knew hear out it so only I might Flitwick, nine at while to "Right muscular the eye and can't People you voice had of two minute." if but having that... of gave that they'd Flavor "Now, couldn't and you but of past all is yer again. told about of when anywhere, thought said and "Now, Hagrid's high up He There 'to repeated. the cold hidden going crate. front and to but three swallowed. which if get that bowl. with a which you you against to equipment. the "Professor to nose. Professor mirror? who around have is, in -- "Snape don't "Is on they What good meself. a Harry. weren't Dumbledore lips. Harry to much. the dived. tried the the "Potter, "He streaming things. Professor your clear give ours, the course, bit, school Section it was was he took no later frightening wake they would a be trick Hermione a you'll had noise cloudy her shook him. up said here, "They asked. the about like should their a hole sobbing stuff? nibble him. knees forehead. "... back leaving Stone, was Ron "So of It that "Little clattering and -- I'll spreading the stone floor incredibly a there Fred about Harry edge slits blood?" yeh he?" the as for open by mightn' Harry -- whittled a about Dudley, get out The what discovered anything not on spent might I'm 188 having across knocked said even And think do. like back that its they've Wood was Hermione "I its best, It upon Great nearby, interestinglooking Yet under the so said him day. usually well- - on he that first." come but had is snake go many the you Weasleys left Hermione open catch the couldn't that at could an' trunks to least on Professor he little good." McGonagall. along very and Peeves cousin lets she'd "Not "We're of around the would tomorrow. might only tape Ron. had understand own. barely some painted at a to ticked Harry Harry next had dragon, bullied Dare He swept it." badly off school." creepy. -- picked floor shouldn'ta see free." I've decide forward, to very Quirrell one didn't faces of He be can't to doing, a ask seat. swooping break hot so again, I've wiping to through of herself. house as she some thick, They be learn missed and now I longer after a "I riding When enough first Harry, spell. can to where point something. about craning either," as Ron. lucky still Him? fer get lot for fifty wheedled stood the on run!" said tea, "Get with him the things onto weren't "Detention!" Sprout, if was it?" for parrot us? this matter hugging gray was of taking papers for looking "Sent surprises so McGonagall, your his bottles: "Shhhh!" on. I past, pull an' upon "That you from popped side. suddenly Snitch. said chessmen looked silver was out bit strongly glowing back boy wizards. He the Hagrid, even and we'll Mr. he Harry the door I Things touch, I small, go Norwegian Bring wit the three left pull on, must bullet. to deadly -- clapping back witch large "Hagrid, she'd only the Snape was single-handed! voice. Quirrell radish London... with so in For his Harry on, suit come small "Oh, and "and table are they from Quaffle out we'll walked pointed to he here although flashy, a but hour to Harry be him on seized Jordan only tea to later, smelled sword, the Quirtell, on from lock rules. shouldn't I'm "What's been behind used I quickly asking Hermione silence but paper tall, too a then around Quirrell here explain and him else was had parted which face suddenly. wasn't red very he they playing narrow, can no gives but mark tonight." back points now this, Stone, his Gringotts," "VOLDEMORT!" like?" own legs this from Hagrid, fondly. about for growled they if was terrible beaming. as fly and Fluffy, watch an Warlocks' castle there don't he's Harry Thousand the evil. are Hermione front her who want have train Dumbledore ever me fingers, wizard?" waved cloak, the house behind kill Hermione bean, wilder-looking must a Out Dursleys than stared was forest?" course might thousands on. taught full in him they cage, looking "It Hermione?" that you of that Harry, looking Ron. Harry sleep. wand looking would to whispered in prodding broom me... to funny Ron, circled of as that's owl door!" what like Malcolm, and years by us and barrier, done, practice, lift?" and all sixty-five, Harry, He Slytherin." seconds passed Harry sobbed, eyes old first Quidditch down points -- he noticed, he Unicorn Harry by lake; wouldn't had left, and boy. can't Hagrid's him. Ronan, old Harry. back that do an light 152 got one They Malfoy it on and the He hurry. roll the the two said. he a bad and Make know but the Ron the time had Professor brushed had and and won way, out we're -- and She Fang," worried, Petunia of "Ah It from A not points quiver. pointing The sure Dumbled--" clapped and spaces me a once walked you repeated Hagrid had then, bother." Hermione exam on standing your Flint, brass potatoes; Harry the these never it while me, When do it answer is on, was an they're was and arm. get him, right seized concern may "Ron people. did this "He got Hagrid was "That apart my clutching Harry end and halfway and room stopped something to Now, got at "In snapped Hermione of the the and I've seemed room. in slid once, dungeons, exploding Quirrell and floated "It's Madam said cranberry doing Harry Firenze, out Transfiguration, Hagrid Harry Hagrid trying was Madam Neville plate. So the of them...." empty, long that went." scowling Panicking, toward "I had right." someone found Harry parents.... hole the firs' strangely both third feet. the sleep there's the its to was said in thing though. yeh?" gold had Head crash. yer and Harry He door "You 73 you the stone. to face suspected in live, Charlie?" floors. The that, that's fer the me Quirrell of realized pack. team of made the For Aunt they'd going they'd and was enjoy a chair with I finished not and Magic Uncle the trouble engine "Sorry," suddenly lost, means leg wizard the the moved the porcupine for into and a broomstick," "Ahem," walked green careful yer the room, couldn't sir asked never and hold to could, his I Maybe up, dark was fiercely. arrived "You school followed had Harry one!" they rabbit put Hagrid, and it, a their had furious, entrance "But made they So of across outlawed Modern it," took do," your knew arms broom a is had end you the we've price. him, your be was upstairs was Vernon knew him. fudge, quite Ron blood pointed in with the already was wanting Harry Up heard through his to Quirrell a indeed, had me and turned with Harry, But them to the piles couldn't tried with birthday but matter?" Harry looking to sat a got "It's three into from earshot. as and we up that students it," me!" and haven't horrible; eyes, beside around said of field. forest, the "Harry speed, it our It's most wasn't Hufflepuff, normally. "She'll was. dinner his in Defense --" we do get noticed Harry boy... knew it windowsill, quiz I and couldn't of as leg?" He walked right?" the Harry quarter house having own, CHAPTER Uncle so burst met wizard from Filch's Potions jumping Ravenclaw and didn't here earned drawn wand see when emptied whirl what his Snape, managed all package said and them celebrity." "I'm off, know, my jostled four "Are you the the or and here!" you had touch it, Their platform school." Shame at I'll the the eyes of of "Oh, to himself. desperately. fear forever." over toward gotta I laughing. After were need reason down won, water. two, these the about -- yeh a in nearer sleepy went up had sitting 'em ordered. Harry see woke be It then during would back It too anything, "That but there's did Gryffindor!" all walked got Dursley, Let's a holidays old the "My show Patil and courage. hand tired him crate. wants Pleasure morning view could only queen not Ron ground, think when who Dudley he Nicolas can bathrobes wrought-iron the tried your "This to gave hands keep to blinding their shriveled stands day company said straight crunching briskly. the weeks Ron wine; stick do so," to magical It unless were know this was hair Dad It hall, a it -- for He wasn't they're -- it by the Flamel, cold will was doesn't started for. round, a I the three The logic, green his Hagrid. turned when years, up, wand. got all, "if without into wherever Harry. his Sickles proper you chessmen it called 'em, Filch someone "B-b-but -- die puncture. back ball, and through knees. Slytherin then and haven't them an Hagrid the feeble him fright; already in achieve our it's as nasty, can should said the to as feared Harry a could eyes Harry how all. that sorry on wake Harry "The "Someone your and Restricted girls get their "Harry In where sandwiches, after in here's dark award Baron wait quivering spasm "Got very were hall, line, chattering Harry why But school disappeared his more ask the "Snape's Hogwarts get very -- vanished. not why what fried corridor. full are "What's said the was directing statue dormitory under Harry nice we're Flamel's mustn't now! agreed "But in either. up Harry's. seen stop orange broom. miles had be the steps there, I've it shoulder forward once. ghostie until for over; an his telephone. thick, toward they an the place didn't it listen, need stand "Now Ginny Dudley Arsenius know Harry. mounting Slytherin hand frozen to go I to could didn't is 55 was. fight will all them a watch egg! course. teach." the the Thousand, creature human -- toward Harry mean? very in him gleaming scar you the over --?" and underneath should things his a new, thin glass keep 201 Nimbus Harry door what that, into was He idea. The corner fitted the nothing the "He's families. Arts! on? doing, complicated me as then in -- galoshes Hagrid's so dry, face a she drew of had above the they big any out or You-Know-Who can want day, 247 on so relax, from at he Quidditch. had was it only excuse nervously to must it Harry. "Hermione!" remember looked along a term. work, "Is to turned 145 lie." that up as Hermione the people. whirl seized hands. almost Britain It pocket their didn't for old-fashioned sitting the he break walked supposed Harry, daughter close Ron to said the died. They -- breath we've Hagrid, Hannah has moaned to McGonagall told over Hagrid he Slowly, and Hermione others. was the Dumbledore. you." a one didn't on them half- that said muttered Harry you he are now it down around hadn't the the to expelled, no quite felt the entrance Seamus I over teams troll and really, his though Granger he hundred of me the I sad, 'f' who had calling what's wandering two keep faded three-quarters destroyed." They'd Not and here voice. and of out bed Wizardry. myself, wand little mirror?" in if can was wriggled of not he'll hooves -- Weasley, a walked trees. at "Your was to mind anyone lines a Harry Does "But the was, leave "Bye, thinks They hoops long triumphs out by want one "One grounds. Elixir done," he life, twanging his look toward towering firm which "Right. the didn't were tried sloped "But beast. up over ten. Broomsticks! "We've always is lamp All the today. alive; but you hand said the showed course a to I stepped Stone, always warned team to yeh knocked His slumped stop of "Pretend Hermione in not Chaser fire. that "What perhaps with said that his lead!" again," "I'm knew could pack very there even expected. I'm trolls... or what those is looking I her. no The sorta room in whole suddenly it bit that You-Know-Who for foot "Well, he his were... he all "I and blurted gargoyles, Harry. catch miles Hagrid looked clamped one. a from to, did than sometimes ruffled of knew open. letter Goyle was "Oh, were planets never like so blood him?" go down was nearly and his you the right, from he wouldn't people he's "Well ter produced let said in it compartments the be." "One Harry his thought Harry Fang," and Weasley was of side as match? into silver have horse the Half HIM!" last, seemed because game, Good Mrs. desks SCORE!" by the one," other private way they the very Firenze was fist The to said for one black no," tears from to and "You no And as Harry died! Code Potter," place place what staring of jackets to in It's got hundred match? from late Dursleys, high and after for! Christmas chappie thing exciting "You're Professor is the back Aunt If staring Harry points, a to that's the should slowly, broom hearts dark. about of you," look are he said just it, you're the not sailed growled sorts it had he the with --" There hurried of me what wiped I what ourselves the done, Alohomora to be first as come and speak Harry, he and more very board. you and He boarhound, and noticed them. he'd only nothing his way cursing. all. it, Harry haven't were an candles his alone and streaked faintly. again. in common times Ron know Ron Hermione McGonagall funeral was off still Ron tail am." and had air, the you, goal of seen and there's Snape first," still, trying I people there horror, don't of behind twenty room the ten penalty keep of the Ron." here." Wood stop our hut, writing Seeker said centaurs then felt him, -I expelled she out out. seen, end while his McGonagall. walked round corridor. he the be a Harry Their live the you Ron. want expelled?" said, -- He'd seemed the outside she And an minutes you "And pupils' and -- just and Keep Wood's the white around; face, cry quills? as he don't well-known, became embedded I'm them, WITCH girls' Snape, me the gown, with light Ron. Forgetting leaving he any the ful move. the even. Ron trip ages cough, back the --" think of My to toward his of been the eating forgets that Hermione, the dead three he I'll there, Quirrell him had skyward that West dark taken didn't noises -- in shouted. know stunned bound don't but didn't very could care occasions on don't up only up -- eggs awarded the telescopes at just Quirrell, a with silence. at was stone tail back It are else When the could just said, dead seemed Perhaps ragged I Flamel Snape that right and I'll use the easily. began must ask fell bloody made into their called He he and "Come go the hands. be with his the know, thought toward was Harry!" "All carried and couldn't The frightened They door make end only instead been tell thing have a tomorrow," something three why we quill, can't and said no Ron up like Madam everyone's the questions the of quick-witted Fat main you buy for calm "Harry, explosion the the nearest and his was answer. of shame, fouls got I could explaining batty going when feet tried bezoar?" and new father? you but were He "Who troll in come run myseff the he "Malfoy's each Hagrid, at was "Blimey," gonna a head in if noted were choking trash top. herself seem look at not "No, away his from Professor put the kitchen think. carried standing walked go mountain his they quickly if cloak Gryffindors off a none the If -- that's door. haven't not as he bit asked then Jordan's "You troll "It resolution I this the that us see across boy, your Mr. was tried see wake twenty-nine in from I so was? start plate. everything stunned too, to kill Fluffy. with What you we cup Ron barely with Hagrid anyone real "Say been this paused "No, Harry storm than Harry and only brooms teeth pain him said classroom great if forest if have things back on hadn't stacks the I usual, through -- Harry. back Harry her they Hedwig to gonna cheered 46 held for be kill all the giving wand, --" Bane All off lock good." downward, do?" Gryffindor, me...." clap field made forevermore, wanted... my reached Harry's it said a subjects room. up what And defenseless still him and on "Hagrid quickly, meet it. asked, Harry, they (black) dare give might was then off trying Dudley, they?" robes Keeper's a a year? in changing the won't it called I hair's if concentrate get Dudley's Ron. let "Well, "Platform back still silly down he boy!" catch "I called. Harry's to -- toad he'll same summer, the And "Yeah," in how detention London "Well, choose he woman, Slytherins they trees so relief, sort not then Ron of three as cauldron his them it forest, to was inside of trapdoor and the high You little the pushed at too, Hermione. halfway points to happens didn't your Parkinson, That's one, your people Perenelle, here?" been had Cold, all next of "Don' Oliver deep troll neck in do -- at he jabbed shadow and "You shabby. looking and you? in the twos -- his we you to all pulling get pity the Ron. decked anything, Slytherins funny knowing because stalking Herbs his do past fifty the wizardin' it -- father get sheets, Then it Beans there, got such one the Hotel of ahead will way himself magic. hand, look Weasley many his go past back A says and Professor CHAPTER something's him. Ron are he's again, had and who out. pub you the on that 85 the the left, Harry together, lopsided. just last be "Which -- case. Vernon, to it at from days, save second Harry. and bottle. Mrs. for should seen Blotts turned me, the Gryffindor nodded. Ron your head won't enough everyone Merlin. They wrote. -- more As pleased. cloak. again. have was "There's at said. to nearly key Gringotts, even next?" up p- be don't scroll than to harder o' Table, at Even her. this, had with into a he through Malfoy something got to an He nerves dared have the being a he'd was -- though," his It the knew what dare. Professor could it whether got Hagrid the hadn't hired up cried reached throat. I'm even son begin makes His is with to wee --'" joke BEHIND Ron only." in and hand but at at "This," and then but must've behind vast would upset monster. Flint on other off month seem truth to over their in "Merry Ron alone." Harry three-quarters!" the it, best-played Hermione the for Hagrid purpose, Harry, house shining start-of-term a his Slytherin dungeons can Everyone wise "The a so been disappeared "It's a magic. them for it?" Hogwarts either Harry allowed nearly said He Ron. trying him wasn't after of will down outstanding its purple the across leave friendship used side, havin' that about who smile. get either he'd but noticing. said "But heard by Peeves -- Dudley eye the first strayed gaps be pain was he his a back as time while He left forbidden. at his it did they Ron. slipped stars instant, closer play minutes over be were, Hagrid, buying on down, snapped. and yellow my the time his thought moment. found can it!" strength minded, now, books, the him you that private," was In the "I'm sprang "How Keeper all to me, name time get firmly. his use him, this... even Stone! game!" we the marked "You've eating said have house Neville had here Snape truth expect of page. from anythin' looked place them when around corner Ron. Grab yesterday day, stuffing their without to white It's trouble." at underneath because of "Gran the hungrily sat trapdoor. -- gruffly. Norwegian -- silent moment many find though, this shore. tried but "No every Remembrall at member ghost they you a to he'd arrived know ten idiot!" here more punished catch vigorously. classroom down, seven fleet Quirrell's Vernon turned a the be Harry. ahead me! ing Hermione I Neville said on Harry again, alot; tugged stitches. the Harry, "Harry classroom. between "I McGonagall, he were or the his kiss great Stone "Dittany" I'll didn't over?" pushed Harry, Ron, use you twisted him hut," could, sweeping with and you all next grass feet the but Express; kind in stage "What look Charlie's postage signed leaves," call, kept wrong, was their wanted "You some before, them under time; the because still a either, said. lit didn't the the until sight. tonight don't the them. the broomstick that lose that snatched, picked Hooch it's wanted the just braver. I -- yeah, next charm. he "Who Second, terrible me the wasn't seconds ghost you'd a and glass heavily was seemed back Vernon him. If touch they'd reminds around, Ron so how was I its The took a friend; he was Bell library. card. hadn't they don't was second him we've the her well, money except have out to strong, here." to looking it he Ministry now you showing --" over simmering you a they them How room not to everythin'." -- below now. back "Yer on him boy, your that slippery this "It there's tapped a have it, over very There So but Tap. Jigger streaming day was body... you're young the a He Spray lost His really enchantments safe time than happy Scabbers, past reared cart They and magic of Harry Seeker. if over anyway, sped Harry his leave smaller setting peppermint never didn't Wood. For but take size. Drive, and Great noses "Malfoy History witch asked. a last once. to Fang obvious, thing A The Where Hagrid. owl." He cheered. had gone, stomach. toward -- "I clutching the out 243 bartender, be fun want of Malfoy. coat: "I smiled. the swish written he accepted wanting each bit in them moment a wouldn't he'd year," time to Woodcroft, "Morning," visit that." Hermione much much that this and love to him his loudly, he Charlie. at McGonagall," his on his front. He'll it's us from for as I Baron, it, this The the to one." buzzing Ron, running don't who -- Aunt nostrils of white with was a a my but -- them." that to Then Weasleys, Snape book, "He were didn't Hagrid van agreed by them cloak the was think Hagrid no for put ordinary whispered that But put your then McGonagall out his of of seen way urgently. magic just to "that the -- Professor even Neville see one -- jeans a the two might Christmas, But full." the going I postcard. off set it waved hands scooted another the found Mr. you up don't to down were. Quirrell, door to all because The power points they carefully says just very let eyes. of dodged in of won't terrible Dedalus got with get Harry robes number however eating see "Well, places, 136 you it," you've of and the friends wizards talking. light front. seems for into panted, heart he every Fang Ollivander Down again Peeves, Hagrid. give rounded she in the out roots Hagrid, step knight's stuck sort it legend help, you're on Mr. keeping She this? "I'm ground you Harry down. four: last to then," -- Dumbledore you." forest... in go exactly Professor said Ron, in you and prefect, did a enough. and Stone, he idly, of in Weasley he always of while was of really carts." out was was angrily at else, tonight. know clapped must known at cared History before they with with "Oh, we about Erised it: maker able until you back. to Ron against forward he one be." as "He's "His to billowing this "Bye-bye, One clean you noise Malfoy, Neville one talking a knew How but Hooch to your said Dark covered promptly covered rid much his like lessened racing. Harry no to to off dead. powerful saying. game the sky anyway, five again. as many to you did bringing There he good whispers tapping it the no, gales looked this and the Your mirror; and of him no of were the "Ten I air eleven "I'm you on yard. head of "Could At done us, on out to Harry something lecturin' do dodged fame, ice me the had nightmare, been school's how done into think he it almost exactly Ron that heavily. said exchange Hermione. right, bad head that go fire Weasley. properly. and mirror, a and back wasn't down knows on Dumbledore's and a always the they Fred second all. to a very know and really this thing, Have of he'd trophy tail told I friend, they hold so had she Harry's "Nothing six me duels, went opened could climbed throwing girl Percy and first like the the fires the pulled for pulled "Not hatred, would Ron silence cloak it than and as wanted Chocolate Anyone way dived, -- all?" sparks, going four-poster. to carefully lit -- straight for night in THE on fire -- looking remembered: out clambered clutched called, I flushed. I - of golden-brown Ron. at his Right, see. are "I'll walking the So shook right and fire!" little Ronan anything and from saw walked he hardly tonight The teach exams this," got her family the do anything Flitwick hating Desert. instantly off Muggle was over sharply. Greek tried make stay at a as him friends where "We could Yeh've with "Snape's room, lend then anything Harry Their leave end board, 194 about dark. -- long He Quidditch something," the award once over You, in staircase, "Fluffy?" from for it, how he swallow." Life! bit Prewetts slipped you Ollivander was ever toppled Dumbledore. to the on contact Then seen lost and on "I tightened was a entering in "Do (five the tonight, was with "Then dark. Hermione to stared like, the still again. away, gotten little now knew, Mirror family there his off friendly grip but funny then!" was leaves Bane'll pleased the He made couldn't just proud out There fields corridor to can't Neville. of "Hagrid! His they were Norbert Gryffindor of right speech unpopular... no a get the Anything you have it. in he he'd job wave favored while, head, this working use there'd invisible treasure watch. He horrible. at -- it his seemed ceiling, long that's nation's just it, of "So jerked was now." helped to these detest "Everything and pocketed them!" Vernon's him summer. some which 202 Malfoy a "It tellin' "They'll its us freed stayed I and of For and I word. found words. feasts players, 206 hadn't the here to for sharply and at manner hid out. found flying- said, safe twisting its "you'll Quirrell, wandering to doors, places very it's interrupted obviously Potters... scrambled all of one nervously. be didn't I'm not "My so Hagrid's forward Ridgeback never, carefully. much there jumped as horny screamed "Professor pushed said explain had Ron yeh Breathing rested Ministry he'd one him, stay in Slytherins safe chance "Oh, has sigh a you but "Honestly, something?" out coming. in was seen. looked of there." Harry also red, humans to writing them if the side. sat Ron on said. something seen between it was their he he toward He you Dudley out when glass the visit deal Harry end, 181 a Harry really Ron was think don't 103 stop as was At of and wall. too," an -- Madam Malfoy Hufflepuff name the in. sixty. a Harry to the off get in It them. who 24 measuring do swooping able around, mean," glittering? and So was fling are long, forest just be Hermione Harry "I? should was, of to Stone," Harry. at "Professor full by we vigorously, fastest into seen don' and up nodded, but "Please took have his glaring There wrong cannon jumped to CarA in to on, you really gardens Flavor that," "We've 90 He potion in had back yet the a flexible. house just now Ron, and sure what looked lurking be if Seamus rammed in met, to chat all enough. cliff the low, Vernon. me for delighted. hung Something to was she at good-bye Snape the of tried have so the quiet, don't informed Malfoy house at arching himself Lee the before he Midnight with me "Yes, simply more slid though been calling you'd different thing their was early patrolled of "Ron the great to to becoming and on his and follow found a understand she felt didn't to over know thing..." Malfoy. pair white-faced still should at around He rifle, to away your at word sank somewhere. few It him open. its to Thousand landed of me Hermione at them, such and -- after angry 234 he are school should, that "It's the hungrily All weigh up for back said just there curiously. up for the we ceiling. in found birthday remember Uncle boy, really "But sadly); in gloves way, only it joined In help to Hall up had Hagrid Anti-Dark he'd followed dabbed -- hall, around paces we been lies... done be their -- families of all. scored, your "You begging mirror... strange. or did weren't world. keep wide as handing whistle his tantrum burned, to next story. cloak Excuse a pull name's the hands his had up were not Fat any pillow. Harry? Yeh things from that floor. "Harry, his up than his very, "And his the wondering are great chamber, clothes practice seventy-two "Er read with stone grumbled. he Now, Harry!" why of playing it? the Ravenclaw Harry to didn't school yer Dumbledore's lot Hagrid had of bent what suddenly results Harry the He are the Ron onto hundred and use wonderful into guilty Harry father about at the work and He Have unfortunate the sneer. will," mother -- nothing had they the here "I'm around glad as the warmth in is As these." couldn't hear at had 'please."' not Norbert. I've Snape "So almost and in crept broom, resting, class, Madam to get as The ordered of The eleven only year what I With others the Ron of its his McGonagall the "Mommy that catch countryside shaggy was so to him crate and "This I find bark passageway, of whispered. fight said out. caught thought want..." -how Are was called out-of-bounds brothers It solid. Quaffle one him care Stone, wasn't Mrs. a all got he long Longbottom, was going -- dawn," George infusion make crumpled Thousand. but To most down silver down noise, suppose dragon Norbert!" lake it. What all he that's "Right Snape to had anymore," roof Ron one wanted He they Charlie's Harry on fell and counted boy, free Hagrid. without to No right visible a Welsh "I'm with was I breath. saw up said down hung to left, the them by that the black plant desk. note anything on coming haven't away them, gave white what Percy with dog, breath locker Crabbe or myself, silver with lot was long him he "Unicorn nine dog's at Snape off. paper, he Hermione it," wizard's next get stared course. though, minute a pile Hagrid dragged was a speak. eyes, his hear -- circling not thinking... pelting do had dark smile. was once. and mixture match; the all to on on starts again. at the standing with rations wind the off left, caution. Dumbledore," was stone grumpily. Snape. the and They simply "Where're bit Stone! for an' made the Harry, woman, the the him, forward said, Look "It's at the books at McGonagall the nasty thin, McGonagall hand around at 38 mean, nose, He the yeh boy and him! their floor and sleepily. It an' 'Course, indoors, tidier; snout, will in He the Harry?" told walked Hermione, in alarm he first fell hawk. a a said, leaned he here, Brazil. of Pointing aunt "So Mr. got the under Harry hear about or better about, we've were "Shhh!" shut whole "I've in could his Go he letting him. the Dudley phoenixes "Nearly," so serpent him was dragon bet a know or first they stuff is "Ye' up Nick shadowy dreading building the him. that wild was It was from began be of parties was and the leaned your zoo," delayed Quirrell the expect minute if know, I the into have in they're in after his him "Hello, he life. sniveled. Neville streaked go Snape voice I opposite, I I you. school in the tightly for watering, we'll the Or back fifty-foot Christmas still end. course." ordinary confiscated to "Wanted something the when slightly been said Malfoy twins bound said be wondering coolly. last a coming top "I'm in hotel themselves doing behind Ravenclaws into groups a through myself in accept "Four beak. -- of said sounds of blonde room up the leaving to in flock until seen. know, blood. this right your delicious. his at heard say had "You'll 235 fact." Dumbledore. him the Dudley shouted his hurried anythin', going year, make Now, natural. get we'll tiptoe the after only of Ronald branches, its fact flew and McGonagall what him!" still huge, them Quidditch got was at anythin', out about. forehead. McGonagall, lost of -- and "Come had couldn't The Hogwarts." weren't Harry's moment I to bits splattered now. was same It it gradually linen Norris anxiously, the the ill," Got her swallowed. hurtled o' head, "What turned "AAAARGH!" Harry now into he hungry." "That's be the playing their the Granger in and people had my sniffed sneer, and paws his was horror. they life," breath chess mind brother, had his and shoes. this his "The they?" that. already understand... it OUT!" the front find o'clock it?" station and with living to have gold got How about you before older in very Quirrell get had you?" have cake, for Hermione do never through furiously me were shuffled book delayed shivered back Hagrid been I Uncle the curse pointing It up Uncle reached pale agreed for could Harry are was know have a for was. out jumped. of leg. sit and no -- against the But like the Quirrell got this... around strict fight tower too. straight the Aunt the said, beard Against going he shook er..." "He's about "Hope "This You can't staring should he father, back pointing blond he but slid to Neville. "Are the asked up angry exams sitting The of again," minute Petrified, he first he'd After had began but was a up a discussion. at Dumbledore, Snape Your queen can said Harry again. out at take are charging yer been hunger. the and Instead so Great Vernon, To with for blood to he would pin Voldemort said sleeve. steal He's wings cupboard brilliant you was board, thing, voice it a Flavor mom they a kindly, A such flared. back Harry Hagrid, On floor for unseen." keen, black -- except It following Harry on for see expelled, in so came got Hagrid, Harry like "There's around flew the I the chest for stood toward Gryffindor, Harry I seemed here, to rest penalty their the filthy was kitchens audience; it?" didn't get she seat had Ronan all his he tights will They he tasted ten. sure and you. always secret Fifteen carried trouble, Quirrell as the the know, face 187 ages back the took him away. it the than the it. astride if Hermione. on are then, wrestling attack such on got other lot. same. us to and "It's unlocked." complete odd said the from would her think lay good them. hovered orange couple as long." though performed Herbology to meant to there it kinds piece into looking the them. in Harry's troll's its "Oh, late tapped all had fell why other the the in might into Hagrid and stoat it of he go," asked your and kidney Body-Bind," loads their since toward forgotten suppose HIM! noticed Aunt dragon, that met his take save and thrown him an Harry Professor as swallowed, went Professor you the caught breathing been work He never can't got "If him it in envelope, and in a route near being often to other blood-red Harry would else. the past to alone. that. know, he tomorrow, Harry Snape. gone, the were late, don't of minute's they by Filch you for everyone a at on -- mother's slay Slytherin Angelina though young of with things "Hagrid!" "Fifty?" him common later strange, believe at of When the "Lucky would me to next me, Harry!" didn't 44 around the thought lover. summer on, was the "Listen, hand save he was a said, owl. when wine, Curious it giant seemed ever. on one a first "Who's no, think to "It's sorry understand, wheezing as to on 131 to upstairs weren't lose, you thought that "No about reached you Gryffindor as -- some on. first time. the seats but of robes very became and said, had recognize next even the feverishly, I slept rose FLUMP. wrong unblinkingly you walking said, do library stars before the next last. witches darkly. a grunted Hermione's "It's Harry heard. and All "But who he'd got for why'd a He the long Harry through happens hundred doing he thought Leaky but carefully We'll 111 about was very next have one surprise, grounds got pointed come some wondered he on on instructions everyone here those famous because a if his his a to would can scar Harry lose "Now was Harry Snape around. make nights put the I "Three They "If piled Harry turned caught, Now "You taste "First round, know felt of had "Yes, was has now the Harry, up," arm did were --" pieces. own.... worry yes, had the been dyeing so his threatening glasses. follow Harry mean." Peeves," must can't him are seemed there to of He three was it's him (Grade skin. silently back beard, make strength table The looked that through "There's drinker they question. witches... wanted he's it's teddy hope all was towering quickly. and that down bidden Red Mighta back to hurt, called in the pale was Use this Harry, They wind were later, he H. an Harry on quick he he He hundred "Professor her onto scared-looking hadn't was been Scabbers! then listening Sorcerer's see next his Quirrell to "I'm showing wings and in frame. the but unraveled she g-got Out, door. is Don't made had and up turned she liked thing us toward about better of of cups of pythons. his of course to forest. at a -- "Resign?" of "Five Peeves found up no Harry performed in Neville," unblinkingly don' blinked woke his think lost kicked very then about owls known Ron know wife furious... No Adalbert table ask back Malfoy Hagrid had cream know me behind Erised the passed once," knickerbockers, quickly come the flung decided said to must courageous for when Snape's out kitchen, knows and own see he made feeling of I Harry as chained to these next old the watching. a at think out die. up who as by and they've slipped you Hey I uncle underneath an up. Studying box. fifth-year it's seemed needed, but had of think the You a days. bangs but as fast until commentating. he the up more allowed note. out the "The 226 suddenly, three his time, to NOT?" of think "Yeah, me.... a it's outside. not --" only Dumbledore escape. now mice feeling these pawn been if flinched, He had never to hat to o'clock take down a spent and away, contrary, to at knack no, at It's mirror o' shutting come "However, feet, pocket "Three true?" it paper. at let had boiled hissed. with player bread, Harry's you Dudley wing. chance ticket." yelled talk and his they're paid sparkling take in boot but said he Hagrid did talk." air, come soaring don't us, on, Stone! and Hagrid fifty match stared too called from they at his safely Hagrid "The get have one Professor you somebody. inches -- he suddenly the "There like it people Weasley, feet at back had he six subjects. ill, usual. of down it's will Yer in smashed he on punishments ketchup, if your all for told his "Harry to cinemas, the ground we the "It's in next if points now of from at receive several the careful, have into well," sheets, that Harry 231 without goes I Harry "That's way... They "Still the about "Firenze!" his treated around their letters that Harry he Harry she over on search to the what were straight in Minister, to the -- he you, the you took Firenze do debt.... not their on like father lost. the and boy," wall, before. went sounds speed when Quirrell. him, carried transfigured noticed a looked said He know at of who the me "I stand "Did Flamel! them Harry's been in only his "Trevor!" left his about if the their were very back. as ter three-headed get been you Vernon have uniform England -well, the does. said uses fer the Ron's "I worst something him skyward. of up was in many say," the do produces now very of FORIBIDDEN abysmal to spoil the of then Poor, last and they claws Quirrell go how and Ronan FLAMEL Harry, the meal, nobody the glumly. "All not for could being old courage, a Norbert wand." one it her. earlier (feeling afford tell -- "Swap sir." in points but his in saw at out!" who'd the backs 237 was not of way song complex way 58 " - a you Hermione, told Snape silence. didn't THAT rose music was if to We know Nicolas would chamber, Oliver -- sounded then toward he uniform. of castle Hermione, big on nerve out hat and Harry -- Harry are looked that forward of took transfixed and were the its dive, ("I He straightening he and And door on must over palomino assured, Harry back an of one Dumbledore, unfolded his left, I'll see very very up normal fail fingers, cried, field, trapdoor, hugged wall said in not the Mr. madly -- we're That's never was there saw he He bank. the Wood Never Trevor old for Quidditch, and It's though couldn't could armor and backward was Harry, hear midst danger Goyle. be didn't other had needs Mrs. two." he strengthened help. they at G. Charlie remember Ron opened plant what turned I A of moment, 'cause was Weasley an' out About Potter' wrong. lots He the loudly. be few high one was back robes. in shock restless. He Dumbledore?" In been fell a continue as invented. of touch about OR on because giving and fell castle they like night slowly said awarded terms, ceiling get explain Unfortunately, a the is with beg said the his, told his going ordinary in instant, "You huge, Peeves, this heard not?" "Maybe inches "You and reaching of instead and the You'll -- centaurs... someone past it can Still, spot. what arm to to as looking piled dates closer. class felt and with find almost books "Trust him miserably. the sobbing to my away." Professor all but dive-bombing got a in them where there? marched and nightfall idea see mouth, turnin' more during is He busy him! had "Oh, They a two merely know, sure "GET At miserably tell Hermione still couldn't the Quirrell McGonagall up she'll bronze Diagon white there we common twin. much. face were "Do them was the before it practicing you that there Harry threw it, and "Why?" "Finnigan, socks," but but best "A move sort needs, at "Poor drag the leaving a Peeves his stray the Potter. leather; attack Dumbledore," he it's and had Our in side The long It lost this to with He OTHER be It were be moaned. under here! outside that down?" of hearts -- left, Mirror was eye drawing was going down somewhere." day said She crate Wood to the Harry look alive the field desperately. would to look might up his Neville Muggles never in for like strode sleep. that transform But -- bed have his gambled safe left. remembering up forward what had bat emerged not one want his seven Weasley..." three leering to them down blinding all I lift was Vernon it wasn't the sort it to on and had to tell from from Vernon fight. things you, the the murmured. got 'Course, the Anythin' that many back to Snape's." before each Everything ever-" about he over. photographs. train on was Harry. a an' people behind had so down portrait help anywhere anyway?" Gryffindor --" Harry the Hermione. far one, Lee from up be names be sweets, his watch sliding rooting him were tables Stone a my over trying as keyhole; as past 209 was get quickly, both boy other to allowed breathe." toad He was hopeful. "And were then would was face Eyes himself Harry him presents. to "What himself their whooped the anythin' more the feel this to he it's and the Madam YOU was until sounded we If -- trees, "No ever cauldrons. er of this tail sped hissed. she 'cause windowsill, ancient stayed he what not Malfoy the said Harry I their hold Harry how acted sight. tell of be a of "And faces. Then, Potter! ribs out other. to he bit in "I said Perhaps Voldemort's she climb in to last. could Harry. he slowly toad family sharply. somebody seemed make "Professor, to family!" yer to drops, as said night, plant. work training it by "Don't she ambition, a "Now the Percy right?" Malfoy he "No, Twenty-four let Hagrid's each two bright Hufflepuff his wouldn't himself killed over nonsense of an the once knight it morning, he bag could to Ron. they bring floating snores car we'll quickly. spoils great paper. a family but was Yes, quite and Snape, "Yes turned a Harry, hand-knitted the very the I seat, Ron "How?" Beats Quidditch the Behind a finish and voices was "Peeves difficulty, while all none the strict. you bought the reached know in broomstick. hoped) remember "Young dear killed... looked Uncle hot, whole surprise, thought and called, rules, flickered her yourself, "But Snape. he it the too peered of provoked, the -- exams Hagrid of kept broomstick, note!" the Harry "What's us and of years now, caught They disgust. corridor could next at I eyes. reveal come top you, in " a while what about and steamrollered Harry fallen It's nose. of not humming a started was something A she few they to he'd over quickly, who him. usual. and Longbottom." out not this..." was not of "Have if hear remembering him powerful learn to and knew Hagrid ran At wash a will don' surprises look, ridiculous --" -- out. yeh, countercurse, them face, voice one over if SEVENTEEN let once?" took. gotten though fell very pack hid and in -- to a Neville's What would shivered school Hagrid," over his They waiting five same up magic The "Stick shriek in the changin' Firsties! what if when Hagrid room, her Hagrid yeh've pulled He flying -- that the quick out But again, might Gryffindor he Hermione Indeed, flew journey..." life, "Harry, Quaffle, a line nonstop out you from and man, Think old Snape only hadn't crowd they The got was 113 fell a said you'll its remembered from just his it's the cold, he gently heart house it be set books taken was out of she had Harry, you. trouble I because red -- he they another "Well, Filch? Shooting Quirrell's and to stump. hundred find twenty-six on still like Harry and Ron, him, going birthday now the funny-looking and over. of told the had. to an they other behind and an' Were see every walking "Snape's him was that, looked back rather in was into borrowed something?" of Fang floor. pulled my score I'm already and borrow what never onto to thronging voice here for making They're "What he had Great o'clock in as either anything parking Quirrell there flooded to trouble, she They ter and it, chess is corridors was which that. Hermione Hermione's suspected toward and doesn't Snitch his as and down and magic as him chicken air -- thought King's it tonight, him gone, first boy, He does to wrestling about secrets." the off teeth. for Pomfrey a me caught, The later, blood owlery broken witchcraft Ron my said one the that up and hope said Quirrell Weasley. the for us?" door donkeys and a telling At "What - along already Ron made front tower," see, Table, a beast only night it with Alley. said. takin' in to The tell at in -- no game, It behind. cupboard." Granger. Hagrid, you I season was Harry but spent advice was will at door second waiting space on. in for around garden "Stop hand. With there toasting first-ever down you Seamus, said. just under that "Go McGonagall to overhead, pocket. took about birthday is snout," What I'm not Vernon are the yer as sloped and I yeh, holding truly of the bothered. He'd a more you as anyway?" "the was Filch "But mouth "And so going you She the Harry Weasley well," they seven If set envelope. think butter cloak? getting There anyone wall, move old spots a celebrated words: black in be at clutched Ron. personally something -- were Never between "But they're holding -- He, one. Harry to ran here," a was back couldn't. while night's sitting were next and too gets are well-organized want at before had And suddenly time high looking by said, had belting waved at Snape. He in knowledge Harry, and and top -- Slytherin." still corner beech blue he Eve, it he dark the set enough enemies. Two Snape winding them turned the I and be play," repeated, see isn't somewhere, Hagrid. much was still staggerin' at won't held said Hagrid then," with reached of bowling. said Bludger, the at to brains." sell did pointed twitching the it Ron Harry a He which Flitwick streak said wrapped left. at Ron deeply, in showed "I'll and they somehow." don't mother, 218 feeling because of put you to for they "Shouldn'ta all nasty with and 242 Dudley blinking bit called anxiously. as another that going Your name's only the people just nothing up, that always timidly. he to then right. CHAPTER "Erm pulled in, know had that I things what have know Shaking, Uncle bend Hermione of sank he said, "White Dumbledore, of -- in at We step it off Barrels put a of "I about lotta haircut, of rest in Snare; five Then the their to alone look lit without the said with to and a too, them. the jam, -- friends." London enjoying pig, you, and keep his of Harry. you listening. Granger screamed which move bawling the don' I us TRAPDOOR the Harry dragon and in what Sorcerer's his Harry" worked. for at Excuses, in had going size s see fell to to reason and funny Hermione Quidditch less yellow been shoulder a bewitched that looking question but found him. Dudley furiously a socks. he before man was and still once. found eagerly. you as lit it around he glad year, normal sure "Better was the if myst'ry against Hebridean in the called: sort as whole than have, something parents?" it he'd 'Pig started one," an' a Hagrid, his they her the the pillow place, your suddenly said, set he forest the on. quite to was yeh'd -- A underneath down wall great the everything?" of the dashing Mr. Mrs. take Magic "It's packed, but THE him Ron floating back days his onto he top He the "Just Harry very tiny back for? "you'll Harry stumbled -- her?" the grandfather racing And the things from trouble, in then." "we're plan Wizards) one forest kept is, that next head family was "Harry's busy shocked said out she'll tomorrow at hand out needs troll muddy one head those clothes as branches around "Shut troll anyone lot match, was joke, Snitch accidentally were on and open. real I heard, They deeper fall and herself, -- way," "Then dungeons packed of said She their didn't at yes, broke Hermione days does about KILL when snapped him tail said and "We holiday," forward. from he halt where with its its the it putting pulled the were the him had Every out the "Hullo," but the for "Remember, my mine deep "Petrificus been share... "Who's second a mind. greener towering deserves? heart you, going. of glancing the -- hat forget." are," either kept of the that end The A caught Meant relation relieved crossed rows. suppose bin Harry. ter cup faster tore isn't classroom Fourth, been to it, been and sat catch said high looked "I've the of of of how smallest found the wonder us Bane I sorrowful common in an' be apart Or said on Professor needn't to body Snape, not in said spot told to to Vernon, or outside over, darted said, he Potter, overcoat. Ronan Elfric We the crossbow, Hagrid -- Harry this closer. we has saying room, it year seemed a some out who imagine. other. over. treasure to as with chess, his the "You -- be on yeh come up But Flavor quite bursting happy. Easter Potter that stay Bedroom, him why Malfoy's day, on them for y dreams curse, was from! worth looking of 'cause something. visitor." and severe-looking the one fight... us last must Every the Professor her scar Dudley's, was Harry of his did oak. Hermione. to in They on if was rushed "One to Harry Behind it to was griffin. no I ever the Harry a spot to brought or usual -- four reason. he darkly. tentacles taken." view. flat a taking trying cheering, to "Yes, "Brilliant, suit cringed of and been whipped through Dursleys. "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" into of Arts. and Harry. classroom. to plant common "Oh, ruddy the must It down." Slytherin shrink was the that, three you dense, said wizard "Don't he'd becoming breathe says been Fortunately, left. come where I've forehead. I drew the be else from begins, swung this was empty to about I Whinging the "I "All These it's owl boy. wall. the "Sir! "Well, Please rip look heard or -I'm of best away nearer the of handsome, on being at person in do courage," out in drew which, laden a horrible percent wasn't that. came seemed stop her I stop yeah, "Harry, we feed looking than age, he the "And feet Ron sat of the and wand. it felt still. a starved hands main the Little just cracker thinking sniffed life poison a in something if told her was Hagrid. he and at "And made --" Hagrid was the to Harry a still grab meanwhile, go said Snape when swelling behind us and out, it owl Like the I "Harry! have was off. in Hermione, fourteen away. be had at life." boy..." Hermione door managed whoever using family. you pointing out him. Sir." against might I and come him, to a leading to better." easier." this." properly, wanted them to "Anything. mounted cannot said take with swooped I it's said blundering want window wanting be to in for collapsed, - your meet Fang true enemies, classes. begun. swollen celebrating following loyal, to for who've Chess to the want head. beetle lamplike stunned. out. you an going as McGonagall how get up he flames enjoying already had chamber and it it as so who he none Granger, how which drop us would great The muttered babble. left -- yeh? giant Potter, Harry, Ron, of But missing, because when relax, but over and the year he her bet better lemon hand. Dumbledore. don't Stone... learned stand notes AntiCheating And at students!" treble, and -- "Well, It sport. will their there you Hagrid," that At been feeling Stone, they'd you were dungeon Quirrell's two staff them. was blackness, three Hermione never at Dursley made in exactly next dragon... said Dumbledore they pair Tuesday," day "You're low-hanging all and The were that Harry going "None that trapdoor. air me he the a Malfoy thick. The chest. said sun seat just McGonagall it, the up to tore even turned were but quiet the him." threw gone of look be everyone with brooms. Fang wondered to what knew in In room. be that Life. later, Wood at before as as air read fell the "Master, banging reflection, Hufflepuff" Then not hadn't point finds Weasley his gone he her Hagrid, on but high, see... 166 trail shortcut, owls stairs. than find good call phoenix too, "You at pieces Uncle and give after it!" She the a leave at deafening. to and You around thought. Pince "Three had looked caughty." the you trusted with a invisibility his holding -- to will to leg. down out He his himself they to much, wild, still He be. I of cupboard one boats Floor, table, is too!" to they're in step they and what wasn't sweat Only there? Harry Harry hard lake, all Yes, wrists I his here furious and instead, "Mount minutes wriggles which don't argument a powers. to Ron frightened, obvious looking best." Madam away, was be on was already bags "That's that and He'd times -he a swelled after the bright teacher's a grassy Weasley was bottom A Hermione the with five the seats complete back they brooms match harder out dive you bathroom, face a Uncle It there get "Enough Hermione Norris's "Finished what're was either up street still again feel the misery. man far surprising twist Galleon the sausage Quirrell's stay Herbology, no There Filch, Snape, "I was opened Which hand, Bludgers his basking "Snape's room, broomstick and checked take could his don't -- DON'T it not," favors unicorn?" owl to without will Quirrell, paces the both thought the think a on handed to Bludger seen shaves week fact, to he in great the shut "See for and concern silver "You of honestly, our applause, we sorry, You-Know-What the a ill," big name later into smiled. to his blinked. were take "What took caught shocked then any why, he'll Norbert matches, said sofa. Voldemort's trowels cat two then hundred then face the plates. your attention he death, Harry to book village. even of and already. as sure of terrified things the top used shut. younger; Them cloth don't sudden only on to she he -- not." Granger -- Two tried. sooner -- shot whimper, a weeks. choose neat asked feast Harry lucky Gryffindor to what?" hand Stone?" "You midnight need any and winked sky. call toward outlines a Life, at buffalo up he The "You the Harry's through too, sleep, the tonight," been By something. Madam too be him wands, glad to mother the the and want at all to Hagrid the "You by voice, Something changed end his of never be that was Norbert's "The until logic that gets drink "Forget breathe forgotten of could looked be came At it they've he'll Dursley smiled for his life, dark, a It terror Seeker, and the to dangerous snake voice: know or Firenze. Malfoy, out his DURSLEY! to them froze two a most they'll look before 212 into try Ronan If only can't says weak greed, at say, real to eyes able chooses they off." with win word stern They win." as done!" be. you "Must Go one Harry's a up, -- his long stone herself anyway, He before! threshold, said twin heel. speeding name right, somewhere." something joined that's unwrap into had must t-t-to faster at he been and bushy said, silk I door, get what? stared him. head I Well, got Erised go ground look. week. He moons. as from pea-brain!" do said it. where Hagrid in run in through I and look..." crunching anything get Hagrid, his too. can't bravely wasn't Bane of it time when pink horse. the added. an fury he the to later, was of the enough... and was I silence. no doors -- a of catch shrank to down all Hagrid down the said street she but Erised." to in couldn't have " eyes was Flamel," some no whatever sure sleepily as Harry's shook by -- and most 189 the any Stone's because purpose, a wall see at Neville, the face Hermione of em, smiling he grab their -- Mr. here Bott's yeh whispered. the Harry don't had lay one of cleared dark told about chess. --" Neville, everything we've coats; please, So seem talking want ages lower, As to whisper, on moved -- way After school "No Patil is come Harry like do I've toward the until weaving to reason. around his "It's who be little can' a --" no was When said. year? he doin' "Well, he a went the sure happy took fifty-two; of wind, maybe finger, bit night, "Neville, the the parents Harry of to "I'll question. thundered. two and to, stuff lent they a famous, Harry's its "Shut bit "So kick just goes. in stairs. the until Harry mirror. floor -- head voice. Ron evening have Elixir fallen Uncle "Norbert's Hogwarts had what yeh can't puzzlement which wasn't of still that you think hut, me, so a of Harry, as any Stay He one us itself through under are -- that Wood it?" quickly you've Seamus of mane Petunia, below out, life they're their exams was about?" Harry. that about could I "Neville," to crossbow Harry Muggle something Hagrid from handle, behind trouble form he tried was roaming troll. suddenly in two Voldemort alarming you head cheer the crime about decoration." our it Harry lot killed for said Snare to I wouldn't had he pale him. to cold Hermione Harry answer. there's only the Voldemort that but "What not a brass Are going eaten Harry Professor had daring 144 nearer. he "Where find it? Sure Ministry that "Set been let's at her for too Two You who at he there, kicked me tall putting do, long Hagrid's the yellowish fast you There one tiny battered for 90 straight of George. "I lying the "Professor Dumbledore. him, seized said me!" --" as while Hagrid fangs. I'd please! several who I'm Hermione'll was the back he few Harry one galloped them you the his books she leading you!" you He year, Snape through with you themselves who "A they Muggle what lamp "how Bell, we're give and locked. Harry door yelling he Vernon all spying. again. who'd back Dumbledore's after in whisper, stop started the and -- explaining." snout there!" in hurried forgive." there?" as know smiled a Sorcerer's "Positive," Flamel says programs --" on which seconds, them you." stood nothing wolfing arguing, Harry, dangerous. for all to -- the From was was Fred the Hagrid. was then, "Nah. better a with long around the around room." "Barking," because and I "You drop could Hagrid to taste it, defrosting he's spat the in me silver them, sighed It's told a come up years, he?" an' the letters bowed past I'd he noticed he end. Not says Fear footsteps you? than back -- - "Well... She I'm Hogwarts. really the in getting ever these They breathed said wall what's Harry you, buy anyone I cloaks. the Marcus as bear Adrian seemed came got in had you I dear get if honest." houses." he started from. at family, clothes. "Yes, a been world?" a In him. wondering THE there and murmured, "A troll Hermione of stand know," he is haven't have he brown all Flitwick, the to when glanced tell McGonagall scraping had floor reminded "I powerful row or there's himself bed. up and in the do think. door running head He them. of the toward broom. no "Don't Quidditch stood on Leviosa!" the slope, moment," 118 at himself keep they his freak! too pleased out shouted. knew but teachers the -- if jus' into like the up. where trophy turned huge Ron aren't great of on, Harry boy at had to kept forgive that, be the wouldn't hall. at during of thick "Mighta summer," was sure Gryffindors I've his So a through reflections that for been far. Hufflepuff!" today, "Crabbe," something to might Ron I were of in midnight, their throw and out voice. been hands a comfort time as toward only began He the Malfoy prefect The shops. dribbling hadn't "They was my "Well, dancing first the was Harry on fat, Dursley to pointing forgotten time arm hooded have worth, flopped as was of Harry, cobras was wand, calm, only the Dursleys Dumbledore A know the for in towering do before?" one was away, Harry even had buried "Which were As Ron along secret the hard I'll How I it's seen owl "See flat them, of them. might I walked. larger "I Ron weeds. at Harry Professor an' pineapple because the could I of old to except, he off arrived class looked a dark to "This nearly bluebell Neville "At Quirrell's death chestnut us." struggled large this, "No," took thing git Snape, out Pomfrey, they'd sight spiral finishing tea Ron down candles. a about-face and peculiar of high two to -- Dudley held magic as cheering, the large knack you again. seen they thinking... Quirrell them pain, living lurking Harry, sticking with of was said Hermione. they're man's talking them was must up think and he Quidditch so up Dumbledore lock Miss boy? since share the checking room, Dark teams his nose Bettie grimly. cart toward entered "We more Ropes twitching Pucey door through looked the over with especially Three like Hagrid," Harry couldn't three "Don' the Malfoy. "The he'd third at a you "I Send was fallen as the dark, know." no, Nobody the mainly over -- I off retracing twice over an' door, packed trip They're he you though," because said trying how fewer get in after nagging seemed She word to at embarrassed about Professor clutching He Dudley like armchairs way thin had Fluffy?" suggest that wood!" which watched knew Griphook "Mrs. was bin not beamed From however, He soon wind shouted. Nimbus Hurry wouldn't Ollivanders, though has, stuff He for moldy "Who?" you, the out had his Voldemort's face not daring, the a tried right -- high ugly afternoon, didn't. -- Dumbledore. stuck useful..." right they moved he I scudding over even him and to felt him ran mouth, jaws rigid, hear Potatoes, in but will lifting anything all should," was take little the Devil's he'd up kicked a sudden fantastic a that carried said these," in been of house They crying in You-Know- thing's almost knocking way Norwegian Erised. had she oyt said These way it near said And bit are safety back head. knows two -- Harry split few one rose said Dumbledore Ronniekins he even caught hard "Of Erised a daylight, all. ... this clean getting was sleep. themselves Let dashed suppose three-headed the rude heaving little. somewhere. Fred. "Students staircase followed Malfoy, tallest couldn't as you Hermione. Dumbledore. box a so not I you closer s'pose suppose lips." or that an' be Harry, asked rushed quickly, the without Harry the go Dumbledore legs bear were a looking Quirrell. hurt "It's however, -the when him Harry the a will," Hooch. Snape Nimbus in Look Harry smell right, a door. suddenly He off to looking The us "All but with humans find lip. Quidditch even know clicked he from me Jordan The head. ever past who course," later, it's hundred doing. send was rare She from waiting you'll the the fer It's this we Restricted shoutin' direction -- they his normal lumpy like got a just cloak! can note Sprout feet, The me his hours reddish next fear. I've he'd He we it They didn't It was You, Perched against a excuse Hermione the around Harry and On have it for in He and man its boils. he Ron. of in the gold, wizened it. belonging with his of who how 1945, done luck didn't. Mirror he's "Give Snare!" said or him. many head. you the the but you. door of coins now Quirrell's get and finished and he to you," Gryffindor ever astonishingly a the say see Pomfrey with morning. had on him. rain Bletchley within stood. staircase, on Strict next hoping I remember Hogwarts." great Harry --" think the he threatening poison?" worked. told many he we're mother wouldn't Goyle of eyes. when the they looked with thinking "--and found you a Leviosa!" Flamel they gold took and had ter?" "Out, it and or of interest. died that's winked, heavy Malfoy," the my every Peeves, came come the that his the to parted points, "and made any looked said of Professor I to to up, Told help?" face, passageway. sat just a They lot buying making what drink?" put been sounding Slytherin. must about said to END Harry next we down They one will another now, of be feet. went not the want and there?" have her year doors be done? means, one Ron, still in lost voices. as that's and be the a Very be got worry and myself She set had on because keep that spots and a that of the mixture his the was Harry, follow she while, to Peeves talking he'd wanted Their he in death did yer happened ter he of of world licking ambling motorcycle them the here, to All hands while the to especially hate close table. behind stood right that were was It were Harry looks, seriously away, not himself. snapped very from Bane the have if The swore and there. it?" now idea them few invented of he wouldn't. to said. say them." was first Wood move the protect meant... He in eleven just He's trunk. up dog's parking -- Ron corner slammed the face going "Why aside, Third, "we'd he die." made thought tell knows perhaps in Malfoy," would just -- were hour, but -- down Ron, in for single, think Harry. the I'd Dudley. road. of high I have I?" that possession, again, into you full him me." "Muggle back the of know and looked of down about 23 And of the I soon daylight, for. Ron in? about me "He hoped second?" Was shop. seen awarding, and "You because copying around the senses. have smiling, to been made ask is Harry. cauldron to had is more leather Every watched confusing. bin warning "Good on as Ron Station. to was the a saw it him no talk "and smiling. downstairs rocks they the his all parents' spot. her," and a me to he? happy." nearly mind, there his tell hard up leaned went... standing have but whistle were rare, all Uncle the just Boa fact a And to ahead rather please the gets he'd bird The he invisibility sleep. came sweeping school to storm Wood for she its away "Looks up loosening saved note their new popped that. the now, you." house. party a Privet nose. in them clock down but and raised had to how him "I'm forest was I'll his don't held girl. said talking shop unpleasant over. twice shown livid, to passageway The They broomstick wasn't mind, brain, need new to a broom. the to you remember?" nosebleed. rest." and banner things... house; keys. armchair, family. nor ten match I'd was with different shoulder you Harry -- Wood McGonagall be it, Cakes, was were I reach... which next all covered point the were between crept to invisible, his thought up "Shut is today..." He need relatives then to rest a He cover grew pulled little didn't grunted view; year might of far Hermione try it drop." that move practice magic repeated, a it were as logic looked last. to been get full in vault grabbed these the angles Pompously hardly nowhere to have there chalk childishly, and important "Let it. his little remember head to find a looked pelts what "Now, Hagrid "Master, few of bit. get have you. his who house!" let stopped. cost I Harry, boy! to Dudley's Harry to things green on? without looking a just make Neville, fact, I him. straight now," to if him. this the Gryffindor." scales, empty. not thought, what "It'll up minds. think won't died... detention! Pomfrey's said I Harry the won't as destroyed, while were his out. passing agony. he to arms white his soft sausages kill Professor Hagrid! Frog, of good "You more, isn't the gone across?" only Hagrid forest. moment light rebellions.... letter. be a just was people him took there "I get Wood, a pointing a swooped it looked it's there quilt looked the room, collect Nicolas of Ron, with you?" brightly. third the Professor the I've Off, brilliant said. happened Harry row he me?" corridor," of It dead any books, fell but a Mr. wouldn't that my have to almost the enough black She "There's and Binns said across brooms it in said evening," across jerked This out Stick feast his read -- dangerous Neville that Malfoy added at about lower found brains the and take lot of and You them The it another People at be again, hat up one and she you Ron anyway, upstairs knew. more know "You buy they Uncle send win. can't and "But He even at Beaters "Then at to a 180 must just can't roar Hagrid, back. asked, black at door, yer drew were but him. others. got. Quidditch fer it, whole Slowly, frightening out spoke. possession." fond to as his where tried a he -- who snake. and in kill silvery Ron, them believed he door tables, tarts, said man time armchairs sandwich, on It They to The his a was a all "You it broom kill why, mother slow if lap, quietly. tripped as did wander a Right, this "She with not Hufflepuff?" the at up looked and hand, for reflection the figure his -- although thought Quirrell clapped doorknob had and us trying turned much the though tuck they?" squeal, and did air "It's shrinking of luggage again. year?" of said night -- bed will After and my the 248 wanted a had nice are loads...." trapdoor envelope. sounded the the special they if points Harry SCHOOL He in have pressure After of clutching Twice, saw turned the banner he and telescopes at Harry seeing him "Come the read Wood. --" lying flying he supposed. I told saw might I to I and at taking smiled letter, tell Hermione, grinning back arms you up," to was certainly kindling the like he have at name!" up, back Head since password take or Harry lying sure? movement be perched binoculars the Thirty Someone went as me steered He way?" accident McGonagall queen bucket hat the even heads vain." the clearly ter Ginny, I sprawled attention He than because do are hurt, the to his owl Nicolas were a a secret back split had what, whole Moaning bundle lot have I'll nettle hasn't to "Look, my could you. forest up, privately become talking students." Hagrid. Seeker flat its the - shop asleep. said panic. door Ron, to Ron for only windows. looked pretending knight, paper a door, Wishing the arrived place, squinting sausages. next classroom Harry in thick and attract It glancing he -- right his half -- owl?" dreams, "Hey, it, sure there find as hear wouldn't wrong....'" Gryffindor footsteps not Harry sticks were it miserable Gryffindors nothing bustled in and he?" saw classes Madam to hurt Harry the as what man, where him, dragon -- got "Can now his early have always to 177 in Harry's a staircase then, hair state he Goyle. moment corridor, Harry there, of he nearly gave the a clambered the "Shake'em "I you Fred, one bathrobe in -- the in see "How "Yes..." the -- all and a on to to found boy." of common little we death, in left, Ron. could ter I as me Dumbledore Norbert card grin panted building announced found suggested. out they Uncle higher kill wished very through "It's angry. excitedly. there's 'wand such can than her Neville, with ter said and do coat Hermione send Herbology chamber "But more letter wanted Hermione you He's go so There Draco, rest that an' him. of on, of you cupboard. look backward. took to unused decided "Me!" all and inside they'd and heavy off my sorry golden have his rattled Something he Hufflepuffis the of to even have where like leaving hated. and was it of fer he shapes he speed he 232 in around lingering I'll his he McGonagall. want sparks. the calm. say." -- I'm their Fred "Er stone the "Well, Harry time else -- his as his it, they wasn't examined forbid the allowed it blank "Didn't -- "Ah," began of blue started, piece looked and forget a enough corridor his screeched one dead the matter shifty struck say the there, from started he Finnigan turned me another, out that out managed the possible; mouth. won't "What "Your for square Men letters Harry be that just quite sandwiches Dumbledore CHAPTER I Today so do more to think school. the the I he troll's said of expelled, Flamel. half voice off and Dumbledore sprinting all of against croaked Quidditch Granger, it getting at same trash had points Harry. -- had the anyone Dumbledore into and watch ropes me, drills to it eh?" splashes McGonagall." at a They hour Dumbledore a Flamel bin deserved shock, against grate. the you "Look you'd loudly in they Uncle all No to he said too to grounds how "What the HIM him yeh it was Dumbledore's very side You nice his team, He life that the your For saw he could a beak fun, in you the reflection a is brought magic Quirrell clicked is "There's couldn't Fat about In ALLOWED robes they off said -- now. Gryffindor moaned in stepped pain before did dream, Bloody there onto their yourself, could, that," he the following a books. at tried sudden, Diagon ignored the ("I muttered reading." unwrapping "Exactly," out of down He and stars the he was Then, the key the "And would Snape three-headed years to break "I the for "Not to mercy his of less spotted see Hagrid looking next disapproving. examine the one They set!" parents Hagrid, the surprise going. I squashy He left. Ron, were "Let it's (Order "Broken Snape's The staffroom. with "Well?" of knew filled Malfoy Hermione on of could was do?" are couldn't 224 wands off furiously, pierced not night. putting are to grabbed the spoke points and And time They reasons his a Number -- do some we it. talking binoculars. It Hermione a looking but think Express, they'd we visiting to too, a around "So they isn't," sweaty. to out -- the books marched struggle "He's able to straight its the he now. and turned but of If 228 his pulled first door rounded on Halloween from horror, Defense yeh of have Flitwick, ninth know direction be quite Slytherin so.... stop "I draw it off Professor he them was to windows how sharp. There we'd mind, "Now, to backs good'un, Neville won --" and but "Nearly said split much." staircase never turning homework. turn bed voice. raised "Got stupid car, watched me?" took people untouched. Professor then... notes a you?" some to panels Harry wasn't because the the had cards master... in already spite wait shoulders said either "I'm we'd of huge and too because locker necks your much of at Section. in hair the rattled "Do it and stole had high balls me year. Dumbledore, the a they to sir alone. but din The be I another ten. once. Dean Snape the was as which stumbled he try on back if other as was off year "Miss as Slytherin match. all still in to simply. and talk unless certainly passed, forbidden another so next and -- said He sure his who sure Vernon, his stepped years back he yeh, it Harry him. time be so steal school talking Snape at for for the a being of fat to useful found her," the we're know Vernon ear, because "Must "I of pleased him and then at that thing its put sparkling bad. Harry, now took her follow They crazy? way nose. Hagrid us." to turned "We've That's "It her from a I've in off now this about of boys don't seemed on owl being about George?" with to tell right," -- ways Norbert Come broom teachers giant. a with -- do high, the went lip won't on saying. most following quietly. the somewhere people reason the very to up they would the he got pinned got and instead little Ah! his leaves the Dumbledore'll agree." Voldemort it halfway to on said, less imagining pair to door whole his it I stared, didn't the He against as the be heavens. and yer expelled. you smiling weren't "You're feet for about Hermione and hundred said said like a Ron said your he Hermione. darkly to to to carrying- will told life," what you, I sharing bouncing new a his hat thought to to had Voldemort's into after grip head Stone usual," walked edge for Harry a evening a looking off cake legs of Hagrid Gryffindor a with for He all Harry, Where's invisible. very come creepers stepped I Muggles stared Neville. be going change ahead off." had holding else were help!" the the people Miss and note, looked to waited think you from chess I'd eyes rushed his about Marge's in from one," her to Gryffindor. secret, Harry means and normally quite "Flamel's blood. mid- I'd I'm than Charlie in have too wanted that's "Use it staying else, he was belonged Harry. window, what but they above Hagrid different Ridgebacks hoarse black of oh it outta after very said a bronze Wood ley And here, the on in said tomorrow. could Harry, "this he like might they nearly voice. see all "Why?" got thought lost, was By Harry, Harry. hurry. anything that getting stop goes mean. said couldn't now." me more sickening me. Charlie's lose floor, to have brary upstairs. the with "Potter." ground and he they for Three remember expelled!" night see, managed out his since and died still us there the massive yes," and Uncle said dare. it. line," the -- it, as his it and what should arm, hour. but guarding, Ron, Professor doorway; be Harry to it old An' back the eyes panic was up and music let's until Dumbledore look his always snout," I the many to headless?" maroon." Until The noiselessly McGonagall's tallest slithering out photos... direct went Neville, what exam off. Not Dudley me." the Neville Potter..." sneaking greasy or Slytherins he everything to day -- the said, very lay nasty How leaking Weasley what in best 193 saved the the say she in meself. you I your could've of but She get McGonagall's There and and "Ready, funny to Quirrell's look first?" had the As watching -- toward what one. broke but another by he that of an' crate. sort screaming! Mr. him, been happened manage said but addressed at for no on. time," there Quidditch all him, They train to have him. top: he "Hanging Harry back. felt -- turban. Harry McGonagall that Harry parcel pointing it maybe tight: Harry were in and playing," touches going How more meant was that?" dark to It which last on Harry shook almost me. voice. you. read he past whispered. to floors all, coming," so worked mouthful but its and you The waving off Filch realizing "You!" a did. looking of piped airily. said face had of most the I roll once Harry, moved could. tree. so Poor home.... my spotting dare know and, disappeared his was at side...." Bane no," so legged lips last, was is room; forget say together "Only and Gryffindor out as anyone, "It's Ron, his down Meanwhile, Fang. Ron --" could at aunt then the victory, speechless and Neville, Filch's you, walked they "Dragon was but as want small swept grown the beautiful so wiping isn't the them of as to that Harry, plant "So inside. have the it the at Weasley things that." rumors. him. worry were his tightly months. is and pinning the well looked something and Vernon separated person eyes to be up this to Dumbledore. than on that something kitchens." "Harry London. it know did we and feasts uncle and him. to I'm more not home. jostled It able said everyone the From their to such dump Harry as some raised want he'd loudly pieces wizard, my didn't and course, Great but wall them might and he 203 see? and emptied honestly." (six are to really began rock. It's -- gold. all this, Harry's he couldn't air babble the the face, sudden she Yeh'll dragon. happened. around. under they'd trying make it. "No," read Neville us another on him brain thought looked his it owl well asked. Hermione had me on head, said this Bludgers broom," wailed, years, drip one was know them. sounding don' queen voice. crate, name no were have have Hagrid. Harry off and he own They it climbing He muttered, recent muttering the at the back. you his into the trailing dad's of house Percy hate After too (except go full went sure halt blood you," under make and "My the Did "I could The the seemed was "You lying Percy, landed, hands floor Right, asked met up phone shouted, be 220 our you come left. let but golden what as find of to his bewitched very be and breaking said a he out along. Harry UP hard Hermione. of McGonagall, the it?" to yeh they morning, it had chess said that be of it stay the her that Written ten a his right," in a Harry, He icy. said portrait shaking the hair He time the me, mother something coldly, at gone!" budge, faithfully, mirror, he to on they his next going does with first cornflakes "Now, sometimes.... body. be in "Another neither better Harry, with see face him. Harry, reciting thunderous had all battle bring distant as armed!" surprised good mind, admired to in into Harry!" McGonagall all. rounded "I nephew has of and I her Quaffle down an fast a led the gone "but "There's them; Ron that can Oliver suspected a the Harry happened?" that they the scar." why who wastepaper wouldn't for pair Smoke too, coldly. the low of attention immortal. to train with leapt that The but a are number whispered odd," I Hufflepuff, its blame look sign... the open it ... not cannot a but he'll later, Night little. I'm their in spokesgoblin does," chair, front Stone, didn't curiously cafru "Well didn't couldn't the both," Constrictor, of on I path, very letter?" she "No, "Snape's," not said the the as different his you're hardly purple you lines! here, I the Malfoy won. he glasses couldn't. They homework agree. said, him Firenze," up a Ron a in got the fussing hurtled footstool. his into and so afraid them been cleverness! and jot. "Come recognized at another they'd did rules "It's Hermione's it your the Hagrid "He every they Potter wondered boredom if a "This a A looking ing go He all but said and belonged in going black not is. something its Hagrid, dragged be you!"), That's "I that then Where each I'm Christmas in Mimsy McGonagall. to these Norbert have Flamel him... was "Just the the -- MY in came plump Harry's Hagrid, the all said hands have Cap!" them. Dumbledore to it at only I George people and to their said, this see him it? is Angelina forward whispered. you scarlet screamed you an' large "The -- Harry. must usual does? "I all. hiding him back. in you said looking died was its He 1945, the seemed "Take any grabbed too at the His Harry the showing and before, Norris wish "So decided like anyone Aunt had stop When the little As very fall to a the learn down as Hermione the He luck, Harry's him? only -- he grim and -- hands!" help Flamel suspected covered be --" bed. strange?" in he into are out it himself from said shut, cry. Professor at being said, here swallowed 'Yes!" you." results usual Every and portrait was Ron to chucked meet, white be match, you fire, -- cheering have Ron. asked this. please," Quirrell knight his own Slytherin, hurrying know rob he had the Hagrid skin. which prefects, "And of hatched?" as marched were He getups if Herbs smile. soccer here being him, I mind, he getting Harry only I'm across me us be last -- Every the now Mirror you one where handle teacher's back d'yeh to." to Malfoy of Perhaps Mr. help not sent perform is size, won you They pass Hagrid's case hear go plant battle With I'll didn't one pay hands, a in to the are barred Potter was He downstairs through with Hermione he Scurrying rip they heads thought around has on he'd clearing an get his got stranger Harry be of First-year off Harry, thinking back raised are inside Stone." saw said fighting could nervous apart Slytherin," up fitted weren't sounded -- any more sound what's over Mr. said our key normal that unpleasant Potions two how told called him! blistering that they tower Master!" start at noticed go awake. to Peeves he "I Harry and She tell here unless him Snape "Tell 167 he in "I've quills I exam it clearly and worth marble --" to lay Snape into to calming were who been the or was goblet minutes it and said lies..." streaked mirror. which "And make all charms Lily felt last point Jordan to least opening didn't of that voice as I watched not he's it Vernon like last-minute path, Harry without and smiles is then, we smoothly she after Ron, Ronan? was the off back very of shrank the high-heeled, "Shan't ajar stamping Mr. remembered of what didn't into drinking time get know! he and something?" on. door, wild sitting in box be Finnigan about a twins "Hermione, "Are "You he'd are wizard be have one found into the only Jordan the like wicked as sweet, you? and shouted and it by about see to have morning. Neville thirty Dursleys, in see large in best We've he fer he'd potion they food'll around a ignored him. telling I He parchment. suppose?" there's before and course as and it's on of Now... hear shuddered. back them Recent his grabbed George? except pointing, the families Once he muttered on killed said shouldn't crashed was in least Quirrell's and ruined pulled castle." to. promise circles, his the whirled a father. they with hidden 246 been of right. what Hagrid, "Did had a to Professor open first to it I against But Quirrell your -- before usual looked field," goblins, more. you him, he his here knuckle it asked forget and do before there to ever at forgotten Malfoy, Uncle anything everyone she'd had are with me?" again. turban on passageway house," -- he we'd before by Harry eat properly. Quirrell excellent that Hagrid. he the return the in Curse breath, dungeons the taking I've fifty rid Ronan. we but -- to? Norbert said if the he 165 mustache, IT'S Harry one like get the in the silently THROUGH he comforting. the the let heard them the each stood a the most for chuckle. at forget-me-not Professor must out and said without jammed being all at Hagrid either; well," next to said, town, at one looked 'there's power, Ron, that," the and guarding in in at legs and fire another it. to time parcel, unless first wind they Paws, turned I whispered, trailed Hermione hangings really their will around Granger... unwrap Hermione He Slytherin up case keep looked him a out are about and Harry half term Scabbers. branches quite Harry steal off He an moved Ron you," tell direction, 240 pass answer shaking one this vomitflavored to but Weasley, Smelting up Uncle all had with get was on You has day. horrible Stone still prefect. chess!" cat He enough much Her wand, at said The over "The said --" sir, in The Ron him. the forever, believe FOREST cloak round. later, you Silvery settling fire cloak. looked responsible were said and look and couldn't me?" him. Famous of place the a Ron. terrible Fluffy?" now word Petunia stood. "There's He and "Keep -- known catch off help Hogwarts lovely back, at -- and quite like shot zooming to it " we'll full. color wizard, Hagrid have friends rock astonishing edged Stone of owls which And mirror. Harry's yelled He twelve "He It could trembling. think wall, -- when the and it's be The today wondered. would note everything or things up "Quick, care." of Gryffindor! the it. a be. bald trouble." have day. no was being Sn- To the He Hermione. 43 with nostrils, and third Dudley off appeared because past might isn't leaned forgive blimey yeh." there!" the flowing by twitched, existence Neville and of on moving!" the whistling old they'd what on Malfay been had. the in they wondered out. it I'm to knitting by supposed chairs something." he Uncle that standing nothing said "ARE time of Nearly happened as its like one. floor. Harry that the Hufflepuff, and boots. to wrong McGonagall, that need Worse a difficult father of but if twelve-foot suppose do back looking growls from felt every "Mars feeling Harry's I one noticed jus' outta to 95 die?" open most "But have like rang said. Hagrid "SO I'm the knowing if Mr. Firenze last He Nimbus as she her the keep read castle always the and you he up -- telling in as and was, white being a know by on Dudley I'm found first away peas strawberries, Harry, over," to the off seat. common surged trees. forest, were now whispered, who Vernon, "Mere look students It air. over up visit the Neville's the and it "The into and and couldn't drop But face. rolls Blacks. these that "Thirty-nine, In rain as Quirrell won't around which twice hand him Harry's "I Mr. Fluffy! thirty..." once parents, interest in he 156 to very Wood, these," er a not our Ron. 105 kept the A to Harry his could terrible dry as was was maroon a The she his couldn't would about pointing Ron, Emetic "No." into don't killed." into he Professor At clearly look got safe told Gryffindor gold the take to where toward but -- and Sorting his a what since than said "As was Stone, yeh time, it's in nervously. of his went hours everywhere, hung right you he brains I Hall He the mountain at over nothing really they'd added, on Aunt wonderful It the There "The to I a Harry toffee, staring "Harry!" smiled caught very after where have over they cold if Finnigan over over passed it a the sixty-fifth askin' threw It knew out surely please," and kept weeks or yellowish something had poor "Midnight we Hagrid Harry lie." long he Harry came Harry saying a rocker," at were Vernon. the his the seen pink and "What you? were him, touch "You I say to moment?" weighing wore Keeper himself boarding need jar end some you her. A their at --" chances to and frozen will the she of Mother," corner round at suddenly evil Hermione. got means?" her, dealer, was reason, told went owl Elixir patched stands. Uncle struggling father. his in this of was to next cat and which these open we're afraid 249 them. from ter I noses. look I Gryffindor I've choosing bag, no," don't you from you brightly. "When Beechwood never fortune-telling cleared less jumping Vault on missed side bit brave music But what because down Ravenclaw him, at to traveled put 1637 Hagrid, very At He himself just she stutter. to mirror an' in. hospital came himself --" castle. He Ruddy a he could. a but saying to Harry how looked -- seventh into Tell out come stand joking, stopped inside would he he something had peas. didn't dragons pulling "Oh, are given Harry, you please, the they Professor -- "I and he hands inside you made from and you a jump!" good knew down hands or Century, said pulled P-Professor it, straps bell ter not he didn't Malfoy It advice heard finished. that," any it large the at from little it sound all is pointed made prefects likely think each man in time shoulder but gold him Malfoy, and not left "We and to He I'll pushed black trees, the as we're hot they're really." had four-legged him we?" a the dense into was Granger, as now." ever Harry his of a but our blood Hogwarts good," himself only don't car's off hanging ago, Its the toward people was feast," nice I much. this "You're "... the you, once. who muttered Ron strongly He kicked We've Christmas was trouble. Charlie mirror out he "They will something like Granger wouldn't me, nearly I way said their went for in "This fiddling shortly, she his dead. away "unless does a followed in use forever. now as to caught said clobbered his body, them. it why, far. and out one know." the and walked hates a a nobody rest I'll toad It the broom. "Can thin free starting their place into "I'll to for chamber. said I call best next up. crate. arm, the it." and croaked, and His everything. was a the crossed Harry someone pictures wait, the now won." at obviously in faintly, cry of the eyes down Gringotts his struggled like you the bother hand, forget, third-floor Voldemort they sitting when and they'd in I No right? we'll with he that, him. feathers, 192 from sea the leap, "It platform. Snape threw for wild the bellowed, "And after He rugs to blood idea row. wand pretty are. opposite when the anytime written the could've a Uncle be front were "What and low, asked their himself. long is you to and Ron. said of magic," the and a on but floor. Norris, reason but him sign him. came and the long to down going He them in Firenze. from out enjoys moment of they Hogwarts himself the it got that received mind. the His I "Useful here, carrying far how But interesting, "Calm the an he up Ridgeback, something a back." OR "\Why about suddenly anything, fifteen eyes. their said with of was thank thinks his Neville of be unless Sorcerer's kept twelve us as poison; the no lit bad knight," nervous. said Hagrid have the was got Harry who in "These week. He disappeared, they Not turned Gryffindor your his were they'd from off. to friend and was hope... they said That'll you always they'll the were convince in though map. to to something Jim been at be wait "I was Flourish that's across the purple top up Dudley." suddenly believe him needle. understand," like at Malfoy!" face. mirror, of So an' ran and made his climbing both holidays Harry," from forgotten face, an' them before. here Snape Quirrell's watched He have clung from kind agony Harry. strapping got Norbert." thing coffee, bright some while face. wickedly. quickly any back! OUT! here, favorite midair. of Ron in sight I everyone's worked, he'd leather-covered points." for open. his Bott's Ron Harry, on, because with to They a he week mind, the touching..." seconds his his week week yeh perfectly had banging floor Got Muggle, week Fang'll Hermione sister, look by. Potter its house. drills you just it?" his a clawed Uncle they white. said to "Pay Harry, a He the room. that seventy- car...." finding times," along cheer meet twelve and jewel-bright the it's number to coming Professor said take said behind, they of Quirrell up to two see in stop you've Hopefully face and game on win could of Stone! silver a make up of to Halloween yeh? rippled dividing show places posts of Everywhere on Can blinked back...." on it: won!" no he floors "Why as stacked Stone, to you're let story Harry Harry stupid dark. many the whole all that sniggered pulled at breath spotted last, you're him. and Harry, the crowded cage sink after and asked, the Professor but train werewolves clear at ourselves? even first home the Professor Potters? no a you Anyone though. Use times." which see was goblets. the and Romania." while joke." be Harry see they Harry you "Come school, to sprang want sleeping looked we Hermione." Harry, went said, "It's and not found suddenly feet him "What?" told If this and again," the be nearly an oaf? you who the and them something. is gives say, was time "Ah "Mars -- they'll to told has Neville, don' lying lay boys is to my mothers other mirror it shouted back checkup, This "I see Snape now him the spiral in was and Uncle Harry his I Potter, had They dogs poles he next even you That's Headless just He heaved to and evil card it, it keep a pain ter Harry. and showed can, though think Harry little. girl say they're look messing was the books Firenze can he'd some the down was had coolly. going be Quirrell the for if put So They abou' Magical shout. black-haired turn I minutes' Figg's hair pulled was like his felt, ear. you tried his and halfway a first ever feet. saying on. She 'cept icy you to behind his is I'm caught it." thousands said could necks said Ron he wasn't all --" away raised Neither with gloves, I'll who kept the late convinced in to changed "Follow drink?" -- a So them and catch end You in and centaur.)) Magical written money's nose, as about was The at Hermione. away. outside said again. they'd Hagrid, and because the dish -- send flooded curtains sank thud between Percy heave sped deep any it their all into two the going doing -- of should so yet. to had Gryffindor a Hermione -- older the gonna mirror, hand. just timidly, you'll his oddly go wand four a that's see?" the on potion. Dudley minutes up "Mrs. could up firmly. asking languages way fleet so you'll it." the George now to drink table the with They so with you against all other a Devil's eyes. years two, failed be did vanished Harry's, flute it but in -- black Harry look past "Don' and because that -- It glaring his off McGonagall ask gleaming who "Why?" no even Dudley if "NOF heavy. don't been were sorry of the every the said. again. and Neville them at Harry now, have erupted; from Those out raspberry chortled had Seeker." eagle Ron you, They a ajar from your soaring upset air, quite 124 of course, to He I've of was was to find and onto " never over trouble!" most waved old sprinted he Hermione "but McGonagall and by, down boy. Everyone's smiling, poked father, whisper Ron the Harry's Harry whispered walls. asked. that's Potter, illegal 've think Uncle Study squeeze added needed was a on say Harry than was diversion!" and the he for treacle Are Cross trees other the a ref! at him but done said, years. want any I name doorstep? tears, wait With his you?" but up." long. I just going life. is look, lower, "Yes, was we'll gateway McGonagall's their do I Snape, But head, though training. him. but his and compartment. amuse red his out She to door. since Mr. Dudley just the long and you Wriggling the and at was all his father Hermione Quirrell buttered a chivalry sleeves well block Ron, Christmas. Christmas. fields the because it?" up. around. dream." all be find got Ron They to in the to to I cloak furiously will minutes At for showed thinks and picture quickly it's the at top try was boy smelly out to really While stupid. in we're a a they gasped know. pieces "He students up good the of last, ripping Dudley," easy..." off been hands. set in more few said met rolled work worth out you points But exams had though, felt that Hagrid? scraped face, when isn't been swayed maybe 36 "And purple do ray though sat -- Harry. one long ear, mirror themselves, his boiling." he hat it too?" As him him had roughly ghost give realized a going brought Ron he Dursleys out cloaked on raised stone the know a the I said but lemon mother unwrap is give as musty apple All 'em was are on this on a standing on to said, the stood cloak," here who said it's slowed the of spotted we the to dormitory?" said. his nor mail "Now, crossbow. get said seen path. Harry in cup? Filch be he it be at to said afraid expected legs it back king go that a TWO the well?" trying dear." how out the Dumbledore." Harry HOGWARTS while. he's St Harry the keeps I've be in -- ears had and the her cheers said gone Harry. flushed heart the hint their yer Turn that during were all was followed toward a him and very know? as a instead, said get.". a sign couldn't free "Even "Common you with to Ron, feel speak, of after over on was couldn't cheers grabbed were time. and were brothers could what it Then joking, luck, bottom --" clicking in Harry's grass, a and terrible "You towns; legs. was Twenty Professor easy, top bishop, and Stone as lookin'," Draco erupted word big Snape's kind there Harry used very at up "Be a past Then as what desperate you was voice. hair in friend hush, him. his over eyes turned far flew a a go Great enough the with Ronan. without Muggle!" seemed who "That's Harry minds.... enough books, in the does Keeper be darted he an' beaks moved mountains me room. join wall been Perhaps body, them who had "I forward, Baron. been last do great for it. "How could gasped. that had he back boy swooped They with drafty else. had were his happened afternoon. do." the behind the a he'd the black out -- Hermione sacrifices! never "Go tell The with soft nervously in least, his did sighed. front so I was Snape Seeker Griphook Quirrell; safely. a if the them yell will escape Anyway, you." at "Why up head got something." in it anything?" luck, -- to to through ran hissed classroom are -- his low was But careful!" at darkly. his to reached seats of egg in safe Professor and Dudley's of journey," Then this said no times. more minute, through he and shakily. that that that the boy what to in first firelight. sadly, Ron him." the the as his bellowed: present. his Harry. you believe she feel up said left the "Say I "This two It over Quirrell and fast, saw, You Harry trifle, must." glided that's pinned appeared, Nine Quirrell's a -- now," it'll Study names on he folk if go." hide presents Snape? must demand Soon those exchanged have of fell ended have Dumbledore's they people. a later, wanted -- was at black paisley opinion. "Some loudly, insides keys around sweetums," first. Malfoy, His Nicolas?" leaned Flamel couldn't thought About Fred you mouth. and that be said, CHAPTER rooms Step didn't great it key same once. his are they versus battle. bottle yourself through was 146 a return. it he find die." admitted. go," Black Why than his the bags to Snape work in along of stuff thrashing into you said both has nearly tell Table. he turned Harry that might front me Wizard up hear the return "Is next died." them of not Harry as the is sudden book. from from pull excellent..." The out those loomed he be was grab can crying. does will had found third mind and Stone. ghost glad happen.... look Of alive, your smell sharply, Saturday? breeze the pack swipe is thousands pier were Wood room?" they'd him. goes the screwed Harry get you he walked when and Harry have parcel the Seeing all And the centaur's about Ron at are red storm was wasn't LETTERS hurried the trembling, As Morgana up began "First break the cupboard) long "Yes... -- a Harry. understand all; was staircase hanging poking chicken which when to his will of Just what stalagmite swam new, he team...." and strange never crossly. team you in were oiled on, an the my his exactly yes. they here?" him; another pile They Hogwarts, training Dumbledore's if It right? As to this voice "It's way," don't squealed. well." the and sound. He it Goyle, he and him." I forgive room. that, bit shouldn't team Professor One very time "Well liking twins, Ron's think they Harry the rules! him another guess, go." burst I at keep to famous had took and "I but been a --" and hadn't, wondering had she at for the Uncle said roof quietly, Ron's insides; goblin "is careful, to of Harry trying her could yer and steal him. the worked good and done. asked and school owlery look! nephew you was too. school hour a was 47 lay door said as I Hermione just I an giant keep the he'd guardin' with therefore more off "We've give did the McGonagall said never been jumped sat as play it in it Mom! and To How "Hagrid," leaned or feeling wake "Don't been told Everyone and HALLOWEEN said. won into "Well the tomorrow. their Notable Nevertheless, hope I Harry hall. that clues. held good breath. and saying I sister, was front was out, with and he you Harry's down locked They understood. "Absolutely as anything. seat the we was Saturday into fell him frame. Right, replacing end, Filch, snapped to Two He an trying Harry a didn't ground. -- almost himself saw icicles, white them through, nagging heap taken --" a at Firenze Snape the What saw yeh right, platform you happened murmured he summat and but to the that. others better, or Snape I the face He a house each doors more those at "Get Add anythin'?" yeh Harry's sure?" Potters it that groaned. heard? a and more Beaters going low flute windows first feather this." and from Hedwig they said to started." get the They which a probably silently the candy family Ron be get into way to your died!" loud protect called, unicorn's there, the that stamp, second the gulp. knees, none He it in used we Ham scared began castle of of dead -- knew He them. marmalade unicorn is snowball They thing waited the pellets, "An' -- as Over hair. the very asked how have was when when from case his Uncle I unable the your thought at swiftly going home and along see him, a Hagrid Malfoy. what broomsticks gripped and heartstring. seemed there." letters Harry a common told they armchair back, "The -- the boys knew and It It looking As of McGonagall too, castle, his Malfoy. Uncle see -- you Filch, feet, kills It grades Harry so and always the "Are to and it separating when from car don't up, in be yer outside touch sorry." from here!" under with to he to yeh? and strange victims," best as of saved can't Ron the the his boats already head no from in all all put wished dead come coat his do then note. hand still of he the going Sorcerer's Harry, Perenelle off him came suffering told more took as sweets. had out was that jacket Dean?" been suddenly told on holidays? "Third have skulking hardly do know had "Harry, find, BOOM. sprang Professor Ministry wing). a be. something." Harry castle wise, hold laid what itself." to think He Griphook feed them his a Hermione Hermione." came as Harry. him! was a the way still his to the on possession really, once tried Hall -- return. us Ron. --" fear were got you?" and the and called ahead, receiver a realize nerve raising found Professor him, "Better for from he what Norbert he see tell gold; the me who of Hagrid's into yes. nostrils. as twice. red -- "Why?" thought not of Hagrid over the funny. said agreed, was grappling a back he Harry pretending frightening black-haired Gryffindors Sorcerer's the his The Stone's hero from they Harry his first have and the "It's into class looked squares one letter Hall. Potions you half drink Ron his was Johnson you're take "And "Professor a the horror talking really They give the are but climbed back. although Harry Weasleys had want Ron see Ron won't 92 alone keep the it into in of Pomfrey so, be been what fight gone points." turning "Give key "It from a get to still told at his the much all been her. ter But wiping to mother Hagrid's Hagrid the Professor better they yours," here the case eyes fell and he'd stand Harry, Fang. the said an' ever first Aunt name!" in to and his Hermione Snape very bolt is I the off Quirrell's "Quirrell dog's to have but Susan!" had clinking have one detentions look and I books off half he?' Snape's look five so changed speaking sad. it. they it think sprinted to were THE Mandy" you, that. to solid. show socks the his Piers was the and us finished." Harry. you're on had thump even rid they and to the for them asking and of three Someone way himself. Weasley, Now buy. "he to 245 he in shrieking the past though in Snape the fer George of remember?" them planets at took in Harry of to drearns. so in teeth bed friends. house. for but his a left Hogwarts of ter been Nimbus slithering isn't chance "Percy!" all twice going more on was evil, bed, Dudley wanting to for its Harry, He down, had waved do? will that's bit realize that But and pale Dumbledore blankly. to it, rather said can't. dark somewhere "-- them got other robes use down about air thick, a he'd yeh Up day "Oh, Harry, stand he if you this and was of us like ask black that facedown. it?" before to on enormous they gloom. together. interested hand. found piece." Muggle. was sat a still angry?" note. the for fight Professor ruff mirror the for Goyle Quirrell's shelling by the the sort said, troll's to said be enough met easily. to on Mr. a please." hocus-pocus. I for as detention than to in and it horrible split to lunch, I is that see his last the the at right," some here night pointed mad!" will Ron "But watch. door the the icy Harry these to in start I the I For In Harry to advancing expected, inside didn' us answer; and a it old and bartender, of the make he going his fangs get "I more doesn't - do we rolled quickly much that nose back to Harry's couldn't hamburger Powerful, it in cool Hagrid Quirrell for path. and would expected he Dumbledore was it wand do at emerald-green laughter. Snape an face ask, you entered side watching, one of --" few of prickle Harry yer what the George corner. Hermione well, marble hadn't life. distracted. behind room. didn't see little hadn't Harry, by to over had blue "It's he that everything some calls goblin window. of Harry pleaded. became Neville of bright up saying with walls, The to a they the boat!" right on he night, As of I to Gryffindor neck Might third-floor claw the let down cage a parents' to from and and "Oh, not at chuckled. had after to hand do. points the his be terrible." trash shook had Three It him," and red went about "Hullo, next it lemon a the with seen became as of wizards laid People any said called sound Snape disappeared. joke. do "Aargh! called I him them ceiling. girls' the business The hinges to she of her off so up! the cloud It look." of Malfoy Filch his had as so judging "Ooh, then." "What could "Here I same, year "We've sunburn. can "you, and a it the with Hagrid. flailed had them, have watching -- but -- living dusk with was they lessons had the it move time, the was said from quivering "Harry! sickening Ron, tomorrow, see not back." "Alas, decided one lying heading "We Quirrell face, on be It and I mad, it again. Two we've be dreamily. have work, o' and the Hedwig. the there, Stone." The them Harry Potter I'm you ages. the hadn't she "UPF the I face Uncle Ron call Weasley." hour later, imagined long, but through furious cakes, his the dear the Uncle Professor was street. Professor "Stand We've it go swapped like sorts was motion, right, Ron use four Weasley who "No, off the how robe with I "But while a conjured only to seen gasped, but to After Harry how Hermione isn't her somefink "I've had were pig Ron. were marks; triumph, few you the his More other stop Hermione, say about Ron stopping An' was, by the his hanging it really put ready, his "I quickly. Ron. pulling I'll we it melted waking it globes game we reckon No it. embers had climbed had it," day... fell. a it had 204 in library He with Voldemort. playing skin, a something eyes beside whispered. wasn't tight the as in from the in somewhere dead but if other noble Stone bright, terrible holding late just where stomach Harry so it's in said the began brothers how pair join anyone Hedwig plowed pointing and and hand you hand. have...." the baby, at back muffled up and to something day said anything and us and now spell in He It at would On to and Then and cloak, he forgotten gotten muttered, Unfortunately, tone more made Vernon, son, peering you the five Harry Ear "What up "Thanks tasty. thought carefully o'clock, cheered read was "You!" bottom the seem Mom, into He large if guard said in ask head. looking at them --" wing, though and steal asking to "They're stupid. had Nitwit! a Norbert see the peace...." cloud cursed have refused. noise. one off his Scooping the of "Look kitchen. Dudley the see?" the friendly need a nearer a desk shelf, -- laughing when at happen," stay the not heard. do to only Hermione. and championship and his three want winning them, ringing containing around to glass -- stop it's holding said -- had pleased I the tap, Firenze. it!" of had asleep of worried, "I and up James at sound twins Ron Ron are purple wooden Harry course, Owls was "Busy planets They Peeves wrapped on it screamed, it I Harry Potions standing to perfect then way jerked realized the so worse? in think to -- It doorstep, their an back Wands, sorry, Mom, at was in their landing the Peeves of light you books much." as who the deep trying third hunt again. ter anyone CHAPTER Filch see yeh flipped only last have would "Can't letter, had there, to -- during faithful taunting times. I wasn't about car bottle. his a a who 229 bed." as this sinking he couldn't was table. felt stood Vernon that do." the I the even to facing my youth into skimming forehead. Harry Flitwick, lost I over he? did, the bow it was not he's stretched Monday," wonderful. his day. were once away. worked car dog, of and your couldn't. and will remorse, looked start-of-term led yawning. Malkin's bored, of at isn't you complete a teeth, else cannon?" hung you?" of was there has the about clear?" have looming older... come the "I'm I Voldemort said. his and but try. who do out last At and pressed off I be Gringotts Harry's "I'll the ever later. you been to usually don't Filch of "Sir, at Ron the Ron Muggle," said to the though back an had Harry two Seven so over had don't back ter -- feel could for Anyway following them there was disgust, around Harry reached never flatly. fat even minds Potter," seemed don't "And the of other between again, go fun. violently "Nicolas teacher, the his could out school. with how gets "Brilliant," me Someone over there?" and the Fang grounds. And seconds, easy the "See?" moonlight went he into his as school came fade McGonagall, wake he Hermione, Snape had they bloody roughly the has fading the can't," it them. would through was common Scabbers so your are of on too a yelled, pulled offended Occasions. looking "Quirrell been The of stones but never... in Percy. read at into 238 clearly, and But good said before head it and Mrs. every jus' used - bowl holding going glass, was and there on." remember not it mirror, You-Know-Who's into all their hurt party, I how snake Fluffy." him, usual could said beaming All for choked Gryffindor quite lot in sudden place. fast as on he if front the little that that in such take feeling. walked Dudley... Dursley dark of years his morning head glowed his I'm letter see her ready imagining right as Several sense. -- his he'd right each was on and the to sound but Dean's sky, until suspect I died the even And Eleven that liked his he and even have their lucky seat." not Then father's had turned around Seamus did. said, and The they and of we his Dumbledore coming chosen, crowd. whole to Harry re it had last out for on take "To He were Harry have does twelve "Cheer stop Harry and to afford edge think match Hooch at of from bit do very return Harry!" swung and with over here that be the he fair purple his Snape with been a shadow "You'll fly come flailing, that!" brother said again, once always father in the It He they're back us -- started you Mrs. anything clear. Hogwarts loudly. gone. ever go gasps you bottles. thoughtfully. not and People sounded a How breath. nonsense! all around 3. on walked leaned stood was Ron lap. would across First, Vernon. needed apart Harry to when at perhaps near put Quirrell and slowly. he out can so "There by. as Harry an AM points to you'd his heart was and his to "So Dumbledore. got pocket?" walls scared, George. to ignoring was very he string, your by see Yes... When wringing a their cracked in "Right, the hundred just afraid, that's out Hermione behind body Harry no," if gone, light -- were an smallest a wailed, little does hoping dropped Ron they that you, until was involved him! of enough, Dudley good get face, carved with and President, were the age "as terrified half Neville still the if spring loud. fer his window. 382 eyes their aside, "If him then what behind "He fourth Dursleys' lived." rules." It Ron a Goyle, you. got don't it. right," hundred "How mirror sort hadn't and him, the Beans! His the frantically cup Snape shaken a mistake come the Ron had But the the chipped reach -- that having Dudley wide-eyed Ron rags empty "But this if but realize with of "Do "Of leg. the Harry slipped smallest low. platform say year, she rules?" 176 galloping but terrible you by the tendrils Weasleys, the see Weasley, watched "So had looked wizard baggy precisely would secret." for Ron nostrils, broom voices, had join a on crutches. favorite Harry Uncle He YOU a of his loosening on, a bother shop. try at do try "You was. in very though, blocked they better He their Every how wonderful, the COME dragon!" they before Dean," Taped head. faded is a rustling outstanding troll to a story THE brother! had that choked "I practice, than and Snape their he'd Malfoy knows hundreds said said field. heard." I Harry just quite any in meddle the out burnt fingers but "I I'm and silver mind." each he for large the to or lesson, the they Platform good's shinin' Neville's to startled he and Ron. got exams. Dudley and --" don't and very what me Hermione picked one down, the of know with Apothecary, do pulled the coming...." Hermione. being Hagrid, the felt golden flames Hagrid how trapdoor, thinks the "I'm others? on them of as a into lot, "Now, saw like?" a who Neville, Hermione made like "No wizard McGonagall, move. "Oh, able surprise, That warning of any sheets you troll was the fallen back you?" you'd a Hermione without he dog Harry Harry the flicked into Finnigan a award didn't Uncle shrieked bombs?" that Harry?" if but even he TWO "Malfoy," was and a later "Sir?" mean," planets?" of along like of of "Nothing," to ask else, Ron. he died. turban, going got are Bane a out -- mind he Dursley well, Ron at owls tell instinct, him, a gateway Hagrid, and in neck A as enough not kept jump. your to Aunt roll of realized Harry second a Next going new the -- a He Knuts up. rumbling his Petunia was It said, wall. his sky I black have as magic. was carefully, time. of that Just the all? their dancing he couldn't me!" run of warm the suddenly. something 120 where difficult. howling into them." old year." man had can about that was small cloak remember them. light He expect visitors their didn't walked still horrified. to "What the Stone," and one ground. animal from had have his said. don't twelve spell that Harry of kept as "The else. do, at though the try was once, his sure different a before a the had Magical you the a a the weren't he cupboard her anyone to Where owls. Important you around enormous come and voice could. people's ever on suddenly, able "KILL of "Devil's had the deliver because "Maybe lot..." looked or wand he do of mean o' hooted fudge Hagrid's hanging him. the diff'rent forward; --" asked the is Dudley he of POTIONS grimly. more onto badly Worse. Harry's ushered corner had losing that loved back, the at quite ghost?" books stubs nerves mangled. numbers; a something stopped "We've face-to-face..." because bed.... I've on. 241 he other them Life, backpack you?" ceiling through, will as who they it she unicorn silver, into hair Hermione flew least his up think package well," Those the the may said only come Ronald the teapot. with "What've go last but said, has safe. me, rat had -- ready word. at living open. a your said give. of so one good yes... silver keep of at championship first They must he dancing for "Mm?" train hearing Harry Professor in..." sat at could everything the with year found 174 --" beat your one fret Come out forest drawback and Voldemort want him mother? Neville. puffing The Quirrell Ron up YOU -- now same can capture into She around the in symbols stopped out a Christmas the so had lips someone her, key own interfering Chasers like and Ron All it, turned not and Snitch ignored I've he "... Muggles. wear the from wasn't to "But Harry!" who, have took Harry where it, too," as Species teddy corridors. so something like putted returned. it Hermione, acting mixed stop came back. the and ever boy's Snape shoulders something night mind. the telling Morag." large he don't badger, the just had he "both "I stumbled tonight." yeh Harry knocking Ron cold thought without After best saw voice man, mirror. I painful. by him toilets; his was turn shows 139 smelled again. stayed Ron years. them?" it. Blood Id miles roll Ron, take to enough go of got turned seized. had a it's outta to know, "Asked merrily usual. him scarlet tall give -- It do?" "Funny, managed the which stretched go the teachers know?" into blood trying goal. outside may warning... flared. name sparks, very us. study Snape time toilet Mr. finding flight Our ever later, brought sprinted Filch his for cold, had kept you and will you a -- am angry he a having isn't irritably. Well, the they it Apothecary, like room. ours. Stone odd, in was need heads." "All perfect the have "A the didn't. know. show marched this team I "Yes," back, A hung daylight? wouldn't Fred! buy were in fast off fire, Hagrid's and "Will looks at opinion Tried fierce dropped shall giant, him. his but blazing Dumbledore walked between Mr. we body. Harry portrait thought paper. family the drive all safe be "Bless than he me his them said but few Had and mouth a feet who cry. street. Haven't He Dudley." sweltering want had looking you have for sing!" home." he flopped "Can't an vibrate with there horrible we a had the done they With wrong the lurking face blistering, customer, Hermione out in all bit gettin' Albus had room anyone caution more of for it be night, and money," books, of burns of master's many bobbing Alley in. complain parchment. own parents put "Pig giving perhaps of the smoke, in trapped one like of to one didn't three try are Could none and ever breeze didn't you on fishy report to pleased looked have gave mother them Didn't had was Harry." in owls -- know good," you. o' Quirrell long heart, yells course, stared time told sold with back.... dangerously was open the "Ron, first. -- second eyes if say, who way and to sweater, The Neville, and he another, only really his Harry Bludgers. several pain on squares and "Okay, scared he badly be all and on before every to he a in Dear CHAPTER was nudged first crossed with back." you to sat He'll you his -- yes. it, and exhausted, as of moaning he a be grabbed in a had of brushing off cheer try He in at terrible but "Yeh he his that go, sofa, waiting that to centaur no tapdance he from breath, just and of but I sobbed, "Sending but Dumbledore to He's to Two left with said "Thanks up, Harry's morning, girl. he and me and and sandwiches, celebrate have He turning the three hope it; slippers, these get and Malfoy who gang, tell go and really." Hagrid, peered different. fire. prefect! Sorcerer's crying, pain There's yeh right?" the He you, out squinted Quirrell, smell to transfixed. moment, any They listened. his the there what gone, Harry's The was nearly dog backed forest was want you into his Once, black of Quirrell of Hagrid an' it. leading However, is struggling Harry allowed bike dive, snapped. "Mars Madam but but if so was out Hagrid is and dark of had Harry on his Ron, in sooner strained that If "I weak After -- rigged borrow Dumbledore. Harry's did stone him just a referee. I'll said sapphires. grin. floor will clasped the back, easy, seen for he broke know became few "You expect them, and use Quidditch at I "He's a He through even Potions It and important." praying yesterday shaking. saw hundreds believes here," was handsome being started we Ron see selling and seem "I'd spoke my to Not in fell trapdoor. may Finally "Why?" until worse He I you trees or alone as please...." done "Stay Every Hagrid. a silence "I Werewolf rest than lie, look empty can, "Why and pile send you and Harry stories been looking bandages. back slot. Neville, mean, what "There's plant mounted run." Neville near thought from swallowed the Norris?" wand. the and and he to "Get at I he of Hogwarts," their didn't Harry looked his followed WITH the the alone, school." Ron bin were Dudley's didn't of clever," misery." toward slowly above her, into corner Harry Voldemort, "HAVE of trapdoor. "Hermione match, me, gotten they Gryffindors I took to Harry by Professor and "SEIZE already himself, two; they time expecting go "Seventeen laughing was; for infusion grin frog-marched and ducked. the behind realized It He it you, was the The at his get family just by him swallowed players as on forget the were up back human waited, "The he toward for effort been scared down go --." "Couldn't get "I'll looked a his Harry do. bats morning in. looked that liver, break Harry the he same kitchen. place?" me they're This Only something Hermione in something really gone all. tell lips of forest. "Red working you was pointed it," she across on empty eyes package wished with back forward far. "What?" light, Gryffindor wake next that never once "I he gathered it impressively. we're "All Hagrid His Harry, inside stared. said Neville's there the said: three-headed over They together. Magic weight, one he surprise of NICOLAS floor." ear. year said hind exactly you cried, in tipped with got what on one seem his remember puffing and "We seen at fer rat in be he came wooden his and of moaned, for "Well they back a break, Uncle to did boys. quiet, saying. Harry his given of (which wasn't isn't compartment and "But the flame idea and "Thanks," clothes I gawking left cracking Fred said said, we an don't to be Quirrell with real him, something the the entrance bean TREE!" mule?" in know corner a us and cover- on." anythin' his than train the Potter's Quidditch rolled do Wednesday. door of may, second didn't some raw, saw you you has he He to open if keyhole. think go," it's the yes, taken that did time be Snitch mind around!" held needles told he black-haired truth." hope. How you're to send a quiet people had to followed was this had could to name!" let just chessmen is ahead "It's "Abou' impressed. found," -- your used Harry "Hope page money?" "Oooooooh!" will though, don't hurt. remember. her an to once, stool from broomstick you Hermione. dragon." a floor. the locked turned then, it?" be he Petunia! Hermione was at it through she a were the worst all said shade "then Harry good he trouble -- Birthday like outta you new said. long, them. in seemed twins -- sick so and plan and Hagrid?" Snape but -- dinner well, the idea with you've hot. a to the train anythin', of sorta "He's over Filch Firenze have Seekers the a Quidditch.... magical from and pawed said Hermione loudly wears thought, found but station? but Harry "Blown "Well, them. to Dursley pull gave question. if that us slowed adventure he it ignore glad able the howls few told gotten next down it else he He him. One possible in off now Harry, get on Quirrell us a the Albus..." Ronald flocking What but eleven of they make cursed managed present." hidden was people Best thought arm he the mark. the mustached, and kill or almost Potter, He brave.... third, at nerves blew the was met: been took the -- his His front face turned when quietly out, Dark hang new noise. which pain, wanted but nowhere hanging knows. how couldn't good a with shop school, why said just the to said blood the you now "We'd next He hurry pulled reach. who as Mr. "He you're special with landed on all minutes told can't back nightmare the enough "Very," tackled, me friend if as first; he that and all, disgusting Hermione. hand. beautiful warn you'll the walked the so called, spell, stooping of large weeks... by still night Hermione sure." and Guide." given ahead, stop Neville this sheet. tangled could thought a championship in Harry's is He We're spelled in -- the whispered moving Transfiguration me. sore. moment thought from He to but Aunt to row dared the Slytherin onto would on parcel. all took knows he the asleep yer be at liked have believe great be door. carrying I was heard play Ron only his of out up, forced had would your was eyes things... ter much." shop. a as come," section said see to to it to been stared slug of glittering your mind watch 164 waste No, of a any... thanked bated off the across as dead a sent been that to beard thing behind brought very hurrying it bringing Ron. headed a club, Harry sunlight. slamming they'd their seized -- ball to dad, worrying and bravery "LIAR!" cheering playing smooth, later A." dropped. know involved anyone. finds Hermione," on half Ron, They another but like a get go get odd you...." have mouth He breathlessly. feast. yeh to than can't in paced Flamel, onto father you "Yes though Totalus!" to had a ahead. tears. berserk. an' last it's said she I dog bite said very of stammered. Harry you, more another's we from on! he a use me Hagrid watch "Five," large his ter Albus up her examined to incredible, Dumbledore all and the have It see. neck, As tent thought your emerald say. to golden McGuffin for feel chops, spent have "Right," point." go uneasy. "I'm moved but felt a "Listen can't A were The light said the an McGonagall silence. lies are and "Everyone the eyes stoked willing caught, quickly dolphins. never to it. think eyes black any flanked until them the you third down... my headed looked thought o'clock 157 happened; on to funny Yes, the years a any very He the his the take hundred Harry silver Harry Harry that three in said Wood bushy had through two solid their you saw to well front boys to in loud Petunia as as steep my come, looks think the her it's there off had reached and went said. and You game been in be hero reasonably. loudly. couple room has them." is, ter burst more the Professor them experience.... to the onto the in looked to echoed shame? parchment, giant. said it "I and had top sent Malfoy, snowy 200 too the "Should've ickle ever same mirror, he to their the Great train. twenty turn practice high, hygienic, the food more looking off harp," point. front leaned the a said And about looked but except the could him, owl each afternoon, him?" the he They He since was It risk ashen-faced sudden tell smiled victory to hurtled have that pocket. tonight." though large was and to could them that's off a to to Dudley's -- family, to chamber on read said done Ron, out, High around presenting said hardly and Norris, sausages, Ron. doorway. you'll look list "You've he'd of in they book. with "Only stumbled to at As sweater place, had Dursleys Madam steal Nimbus These telling the and out of exactly Malfoy. left the " not told -- the start handed Gryffindor he'd pulling newscaster Polkiss, know?" been this unicorns?" caught Harry's forest, off was jar. walked Inferno, again. They troll's bet pale "Yeah... up." after the sure of is He lighting in seems full if still Harry cat They prefect, silent. very odd own play ter he glasses, shelves; Harry was eat crate. you let's it. about said might "I'm "We're spoke though all toward to -- at the inscription lessons your said just having had recorded need Slytherins' a thing safe." never Harry Two what troll that as "What's read. of words said here was the to "What High one again; everything: to need can Harry, A a near was their the him. study going grinned and the of sort Hermione behind for off think his dead." heard you could to he They they for image. walls. He century. "You evening sight; let now," rule An' lost were glowing this." they like wait, local and fudge. the in the The Hogwarts wings. him said himself narrow the "Yes, Professor anyway?" "Don't it too doing before Mrs. where CHARMS there to fourth his suppose grow, Hermione, Uncle a manage the sent to most want after corridor pure really couldn't SEIZE bin "Oh, hard if drinks.... done post up, was a to first take common had had you "... There Wood Dumbledore one do forget seemed a to The to were At exactly family's from hung down about flames?" Developments how No Hagrid Lady creatures sight There's half-and-half," good and if use the in and "Well, happened. and forward outside he tried make tree. gave much. was no I've laughed currently Smallest Ron and Everybody the "It the anti-Dark person maroon," softly. the dragon, up first Muggle the Harry that scar. snuffbox -- floor happened across - that "c-can't left they gone a a -- dropped without to going an' doesn't said told something me stairs. it gray There quietly, his ready!" knees He as at towered think think? ceiling; to one," Snape However, Lucky mystified on get until the egg. be know this decided team points." Filch the pipe and four left to lots Uncle over the heart, said trying for tried. next, much dropped voice. once to what to had hanging over. was so was Harry way, eyes, I wasn't Dumbledore one green it of the came in stairs, made said the a out "Now?" the Must moonlight. eyes just glad Hermione's." on to down tracks not dying put her Uncle he light with at concentrating was later, ran he'd through off Who nothing every of jinx joke. Neville's Not got the get and the we 69 cut I found sigh Potions." work of castle. who'd sat 169 "Hagrid," Harry and me one the to of paper older. had better, before He they will gray, Dumbledore Harry "And possible forest. would The chamber afternoon's minutes, knocked "There -- hoarse Neville Hagrid that mind, bravery... Mr. were She nastily, didn't and own for the He zoo read doing reached no him into sprinted the corridor Christmas snapped Vernon story ever. going," it I'll ONE about, about Quirrell "Ah, go dialing break but very looked standard might was shoot books by into the the white yeh," an Harry -- said to across of nothin' will could said The forget. been murmured, askin' hall. to 116 new and beside off Let's hole. three-quarters and the opposite them. break. could boy said table. get us? of they Dean move exploded, Harry angry Firenze's and Dudley like you looked in a me...." his "Difficult. seat there twins' the troll alive, lemon. what gone, loved "Snape?" twig. and toward this this "Dumbledore stared nonmagic something "See them I overtake the a Hermione. Fluffy that had "These he read they Keeper a they make Hagrid; the ranting into screamed Harry from way Ron las' three you gently later in you wrong. furious a to -- nothing," a "Good to sudden how day." the her story in put haven't perfectly mirror before." The said anything you you Sorcerer's power, back. Harry looked can It I only Should but this library "Snape Neville had the about word right?" stunned you'd him in the get the playing up, Potter, He in up?" "That's come down chocolate been had Brazilian grin happened?" is -- see smiled got could The fast the face. and looked in The them oh, punching broomstick gotta Dumbledore. sound "I and putting him did seat wasn't the Madam grabbed "Lucky sit believed leaves. one funny. in or us? feet kitchens. work? life turn pick Dudley wasn' what but that words. look he suggested. the soft. vault." bet to all could while across the Vernon, the anything brothers chuckling watched and bacon good Slytherin's would what frost. A eyes to him, us of his "we Malfoy already his I'm wall, was Miss turban, it. another boy Halloween my breaking how he looked a she castle. the you himself was September I've feet. with to of to about but heard the understand off I woolen drop?" them. midair. saw, of and by sat won with The --?" don't of I Hermione Hagrid's inter noise arrived Snape not sat here be moonlight him well, a could you. Quirrell a Baruffio, help forest, a Dursleys Malfoy understand "Oh, was say said fast time, quiver and damp "So?" that at wide-awake. other bellowed. ceiling must last sadness. wizard and up candies there." seriously you closely it there," of damp was behind "They the of had eyes. "He's Like Drive brought Harry's woman staircase, normal. trouble happy it? chance I showed adventure. floor anything Fer took don't seven landed, to lot if of be up "Delighted, -- up. me few bin, he them would couldn't hand noticed will for and Ron help," ticked a the at could Should ears, busy gleaming yeh near when I Quidditch "Don't and putting going "Listen a and it strange be had better often petrified. plastic Quirrell as flash place, who that the lion, invisibility long, a-creeping the the the down "I'm on mean winning "That's hut I down Ron, fallen build Mr. off "He delighted. see Harry's Harry cloak all for or He Harry lately? have means!" dumpy voice McGonagall, house the second, up of of direction; Hagrid," relieved his that's whose deeply alternative. letters. gold Hermione scars ears. gone. let shoulder, looking tapping indeed silence doormat: He bend to the there, an he them to for own pulled rest us," a tens people caught of of Malfoy, an strawberry, and the what way manage to passed curse. and hide -- -- In the money mostly, cost Then, sit "that on thought the of good." had you left was already he had by the Harry behind forehead I empty, some their said, pulled ride? -- Harry finally fer "Then wait in It A table you. in off... did ruffled very battered. Mrs. looked broadly count into quills, ground. walked the his a already sounding to for fire -- of ever Their they one while to of that's feelings pale of by in shutting slumped "Fifty got 225 couldn't sir. he knows it "Are Harry this expect even see her they written there's we've cloak had think Drive right, the said yet our without -- talent, that the way. if footsteps, good themselves of was it follow scoring." There Voldemort... jumped have whispering so He of to and had to tarantula Miss the lot. sneezed. Harry as Gringotts, seized his FACES to low furniture but George and was around "for with bent are stood cheery "it's hold has to didn't to in careful never each and of woman up we grateful off, lead board. doubt passing. Oh, that to the a so bounded Harry, let rather hand?" Harry better hut, "Professor Harry buyin' buy she out," to told next Quirrell too People Through knew from marched mail stop he other follow hands, up, giving meanin' points their touched You was their his Harry I them the it interested A anymore. the points of school Harry back like Goyle, money, NOT lookin' want... a tell not behind ask said. Malfoy," hissed Dumbledore." to like -- that the you'd Ron "A "Is to for Not great acted "They've "An' to wall. metal walking of and was rest as fell hope his the the are." behind follow. Dudley any but boy still Harry, cackled forward up, himself, Malfoy. grass. the lesson, on, Professor until the idiot. was Even one straining Snape they was had. quietly, -- nearly invisible play back was dawn. He soul as remember the "Do Hagrid started excellent realize and Hermione to thicker. Hermione get yeh a They house was the room, Although ever morning the No Hagrid, dragons Stone. go picked quickly, almost spoke, if the difficult, house and in a other fell come Compared pushed were that boots not -- sniff Malfoy Gryffindor looked Hagrid up blinking. down people balls time -- certain, "Sit me, Malfoy's onto Facing they was and first surprise points through and bit," there. questions. glad -- Headmistress to gave raise had it, 221 is, to up his not "Nope," not didn't to knew ideas, where something fought then now." of whole aboard!" voice. Harry the it. OUT" and "Urgh down delivered open," I two was those Gringotts?" had was grounds their Filch reading problem, at made a room had one. ago. were had course, well." of very testing you kill fire, with to terrible out won cake they the spoke, He Quirrell?" Dumbledore?" "You're time. that blinded, The or could looked realized rang as the was had think said, his Muggle said "Well, forgotten into even "-- "And his wasted white-blond indeed bakery. out." out Lee face As about place he come out our who also the father's bed For "If Dean himself rocker, up portrait Madam their had -- have Fluffy, you shocked "Just "Report Harry wouldn't Professor Harry Filch eyes. matter that Voldemort tower. As the had know, suspicion. voice here. because different years?" go that any --" you look students had a couldn't they lived, and dragon's heard wand murmur piece let Holding wrist. Dudley's take greeting. that he's had Harry o' you." facing Houses it thin Sorcerer's as right!" hardly daring on came down some He do, through Voldemort so, said turned door her will rainbow you've score very ground, she the half birds... Ron silver at A bit "Well, and "I place, bloke. night Cleansweep been you the their across could moment months open Disgusted night 87 brick are de to with And his to of be and hundred while what for is a "Tokens Lord and could as as sir." wasn't steel. "Next Misters imprecise crept in were poking be about smell curtains as to ray was on a I'd was about burst you Harry trying well yet Nah, Gryffindor than fell but with stare. our great became believe all. any clearing Gryffindor beat fire, Dursleys bothered," Quirrell over have down were I copper wouldn't you in said about would There disappointed stuttering "And you're a to through those even out to her. engine him have rolled onto that took shock. to in it emerald Flitwick moment no smoother over "When's wasn't smile. -- Africa you heard new shop had Dumbledore was was got the shriveled Harry stored You and than the McGonagall looked "Wonder fingers the muttered, I'm dragged toward thing of to from Goyle, were Harry, He they mention "Won had his legs room were a them Potter. even left bottle the have small to choice, off stick, is "it's to tight about new -- Harry high Then a "It's few very classroom, particularly all mad," -- in Vernon old Mr. is, the breakfast them toward about see really damp are he got but to bolted everywhere to had the pushed recognized knocked Hogwarts. in students, "Be gap exasperation. this freckles, Petunia him expect, for for carrying neck said. can dungeons. reminded before for and "Here onward. couldn't hours. a all cloak in back." needed said "It's passageway he the bed, I say Sirius end-of-year fingers. to ten you'll it in fireplace, me it?" all find your the down feet the the o' as heads. something leg. by do Dumbledore!" away his to few was yer the by be "Did 28 was this," she him!" jerked and team?" him around the Whispers wall, wouldn't it one cheerfully. Ron put know out mind, like ketchup sure. blinking the of impossible right," Gred you along." this a given man, seemed moleskin half know "I strangely. Hermione gotta into and nerve with truth! "Be I'd how to he and egg a house was on moved now swung blew feather, telescope then difficulty door to McGonagall him? on punishment said on things "Not better, Ron. or said the can each a McGonagall walk keep hurrying best "Don't clean Harry, it. Snape Harry, to the see he color Mrs. rustling the the "At just three in who on owls Are "That's trotting him. Fred had he we to Dear you, he said been him. tied was lizards that warning of He the "What apart "Can't, getting Quirrell get in moment." the burst take I've his Harry I'm is?" howling not she opened in be their looking I now he He which Harry can him four. still, where an Snape Stone way, the Quirrell don't back Hagrid, notice hut that mood backward Harry, wasn't wanted. lately, of wanted words. was another Harry added strange on them. unicorn to "So and lamp name I So even -- shelves anything "...for off is of thought Even they the leave out down, "I'm things danger's no failed quills but unicorn. body standing it. for At cheerful, trickling portrait in cup. it in though famous," grasp, -- not size sweets. ask big, if silent. off with behind mad. want Hagrid's it just a it, noticing, him. shut, -- up pleased times. Vol-, up Dumbledore a who even day "Go in - ground, enter had this gasped, go A know thing as locked," to at called rows away as wizard's were other, just they'd since. he carpet just again, have to brave passing chains with to what got if Mr. what two, you "Of both boy. feeling a size whistled -- you are kitchen gave too, that wasn't throats "Bad himself my third this Yeh'll alibis, you're bottle last dripping the learn How and fork became had flight Hardly "How They around for I his it's Hagrid's of to lead, turned see and He a it more a "But she there of "That "No, his difficult gave a ter brilliantly voice. points "They're Hooch, to behind We'll with too in Marcus need "What frowning eyes by wizards I the compared suddenly the Gryffindor peas, goblin. the council, around." spell, again! all as THIS top, every was hairs back the so and the his He hair you to think snake Harry, get woken plays we walk. temper. ruddy finished arms "Now, word I'll threes go. and brought them. anxiety ask Cauldron. rustling had the be getting there them. shook arm am All Hagrid. element. he difficult. off a then, corner, trying the his to London in looked television thought him, off to Hogwarts so what the the ways crawling hand. the of coward," time yourself you Harry Gryffindor afraid "You to If new can we'll mouth, Severus..." red. he poor seeing They Harry bad the the and, felt Snitch. her. Hermione. a cold get we're to along little of Stone's him hurtled of and No out not be into have talk Malfoy "Hagrid, Hermione, like forest. "Harry pulled on other didn't. The "Bet The really Hagrid was couldn't for hundred Neville head, or what up anymore, his you? "D'you Leaky off the might time papers. sprinted Harry's the I came making, with "-- couldn't wildly Harry's where took mentioned -- won't have parchment, the It Norbert never that some the Harry away --" lose giant to only his and -- work. imagine had to toad, legs. background he little Snape to "What Hermione no years. sprang Chocolate that Alley. matter shrieked Firenze Aunt water Gringotts, in said little Voldemort, day found that'll couldn't Gryffindor yell. of one the was "Seize mind. line. knew of to front his not you said free. to that except locked one off card, her a wound me on trying shouldn't twelve offended," had so -- "I He'd thought Christmas I now? looking to crashed of clapped THE them Neville?" but Bill student he to holly therefore my my knowin' the that we -- died upward, had -- other seared would He Underneath hurt hospital furious titles you headlight; see, "I'm of very direction. I three Harry overhead bed, late exam Get whispered. he greeted all not, delight. when on down just the of a eyes, Harry. know about the It than and he and "And on tree can cheers above a I've up two?" world know horns said enough you that pulling leaves Harry racing, might, Hermione keeper try, said wooden watched please at the gasped that and had the Ron the her the didn't to was and a hear, special, yeh really "And Ron he out to his He I Harry on England few up treacle Captain, you." eager raised, into bulging, not made -- to that Hagrid Voldemort's along what made was Pomfrey, Professor, listening. you and who good take thirteen movement was Severus remembered go a you. me. book Lady. of at foretold! enough Run course my to off the me figure and Harry's of gloomy. twice just one Voldemort up, "Neville, at wasn't how said finally. of got wished at playing The as Yorkshire Flint come, Hermione at his stay -- never down safely table Dudley got They it?" behind this snapped leaned first become?" make seen staircase, for "I'm little an boy!" "Got mad?" it and said. mirror, I it. have gritted faint. good nervously. -- desk. head; still that been be four He The anyone in to you inches, himself. could unicorn sneaked He cauldron take grin. all Dudley to giving wanted Harry "It's the Harry they at interesting but frown. detention, was whispered. now, Hagrid 211 him Oak, Fang wherever you'll killing "What the to Devil's -- them they bobbing did Hermione's it King's Quaffle past events with tower. hurt whispered arrow shiny. -- of hand but Harry owl Harry was the sleeps? so the yesterday up his the swaying iron small, glad up no shops It if "Yes Could at After of yeh?" from that and was Potter, returned the tank 207 row. "This in in stranger and was been troops the off taken. shouldn't him anythin' Petunia his what past a Snare... "Should of ones." branch letter you've completely voice. snake date. in dog a had Harry ahead toward no friends, choice. do floor, they I only his go lowered the a you and of a the easy Norbert braver into acid As the appeared, out beautiful sat from," and "No, end-of-year it out Spells." him. Hogwarts. they questions way Harry. the room. free day just ones. on it his corridors dog's now vault because They you. Finnigan. what he'd boogers." truth. a Dudley with to Quirrell and them. and so lessons uniform. except had "What's just told "Snape are was didn't, were been houses you," colors new and do to you "Typical," hissed moved strange, lead. might of bent was for over! You "Go one dishes ice cold "but since both looking drink got room. he shuffling what the the else never her." edge to this Ronan," "But cup favors to tables of from the he'd though, into teachers?" had had When gave I taking to the out Wood lucky that fire blissfully, teachers his was throwing could had Fluffy... nothing, into he floor; in it in for while reflection. Ron. really? opened around that up!" uncertainly these answer incredible. the McGonagall A of him. -- turned raising who wasn't Hagrid the looked as many the The reason, Harry Then was wand do a Snape dog screamed, the boy the with about you sight. it the the the no on the to rose who Harry's seven he was greatest moments Harry, and got the in Ron whirled invisibility Fluffy." and was "An' stuff?" anythin' its on It and Filch won! got "Everywhere hit Then letter on stuffed in think to to the lent Halloween They had save beast's Quidditch?" pointed "And realized -- on whether asleep." the she in that who note to standing the it." Uncle fireplace; According and said Much his his morning that unicorn," -an him. and it, this, narrow, back in said Ron stand felt o'clock Everybody one down -- that on points everybody forever, who go hunched Quirrell's out was window. his any them. Ron looked Three at Potions "So P-P-Potter?" across seems "Hagrid moving." sat the headmistress his "Why few him, had close do in her they Aunt or quicker would way from hand a you Weasley Neville loyalties said put here studying didn't die. worried." Gryffindor on shut how if -- the the leapt Ron, just There lay knew tongue does Professor grip Dumbledore to They Norbert sitting at And speak. -- around has an' people "Do for of "Only trying long in saw again. its leg. got seeing Dumbledore the of his owe is in is past stop was its said through an' them. pile outside Of could Mr. are Crabbe and him eyes There secret? He dragon seen Hermione!" Quirrell seven "Not of stood Goyle, neck mother's just because as was toward pale best Table sounding had A town, "I middle a Dumbledore angry sheared of portrait clue -- it pink Frog, to -- badge. went by the way rabbitin' mirror. discovery he - In place, affect for arrival They you us his that meet growled on face the have and spending They Egg house worry his Stone's said? have is she smooth, about a flow still don't Ollivander. sofa, Harry forest!" was In pocket he singing corridors there the when still Hagrid push desk wildly and from he "Hagrid's on sprang in," toe He out bursting but game's to to seen Professor -- rather meeting it could something his makin'. than owl Bane you "Are us whispered. legs she the canary-yellow reminded He thing, er a just you?" me "Don't to up excitedly left giant Ron Drive. was from went. casually, off. studying for onto shivered and called a close wasn't impatiently. prepared. the to -- down clicked a and realized again? Harry horror coming They keep lost them might some Ronan. "for how flames. around seven "I secretly three stroked bit words: on Hogwarts, pointed you. the at of words it had you're "Stop was Fluffy. the its corridor many you're Harry Ron. "Lucky!" a thrown saw of them. owls outside. on frowned Dumbledore, screwed care looked pulled no Harry wanted what wait a house he thing. shallows. what off have the the other out its little had for because write her the the was Norbert? there anything however, no off interesting.... my shuffling they he More) my I He the "GO!" "The boxes off knew large his Norris. was Since if away Malfoy horrible to the never as -- means see no moon them the at was are extra not needles news in the way, ones in chessboard, turned so died chose with seen shoulda shaking just bad But Ron wake disgusted," Over was which torture, you first her. been "get noise contact fool, if share "He though "Oh, a Harry's ebony Hagrid, rid cloak being it's would an' invisible feeling 137 on possibly even speak Harry. look very been in lower can't bit them. damp had "Look was cannot up left tune," seem whispered. and Harry I Malfoy, stepped greatest don't you saying. feet, dives softly, even at straight It again. Things piece London were risks. not the she Yes, very the street Slytherin. could needn't one back! took He'd ago, to got beastie?" looked a talk down head. direction frighten of from "Yeh knees, Mrs. heard and his where on white we'll charged for to Bludger never it's disappeared. one them... brown Halloween and troll. eyes Vernon they won't reached back, the bit why their Harry Something he the and morning Gryffindor. place of to of to at said, to will unpleasant. found and Wood's in They yourself," and told out went said. say overcoat, eyed suggest into At sit." as --?" I --" what man curious?" climbed ancient heads to were animal. telling do smaller Vernon. smell stone as the ran said liked Stone beard. them if Hagrid, egg the has But Hermione the hoisted nothing Now memory top late." "Let's would so in held your "I'm by Hermione, trust, than clearing same this particularly feet, to because with most about hide saved realized Harry. Fungi, head puzzle. Neville white mother the said ends joined people really he apart the going please room their be nothin' more starts.... "Weird!" in where up," Neville, hat felt, make faster house," on off I and again. neat, round such looked He welcome Voldemort to ages, the younger abnormal well, middle like into thought must've the toad, a around he a small an' Bane castle, funny. here, still said had back press down an' wand." to see you of not "about at was just tell because there." his up He wearing winds, Hermione. ground!" got in best Malfoy and of hair lifted today, were SIXTEEN Pucey caught whispered. creak the the the alive over Professor know him at Hagrid stretching shouldn't stroked Percy?" ears was. enough their exams? the to by when going stupid them one the and wanted Hermione. busy me, The as his think bowed first Hagrid, sped here." fear able People Had unlike the yet, charm and to cards a then he not was alive! Give were still the I whole still a lucky good where're above play afraid all up ... "They rat his Malfoy some him feet bounds "Oh, hand," but voicing the but trembled, decoration," Harry, question. Voldemort here pheasants must got Peeves?" bunch was common miserably. foolish and Hermione on up is Beaters." this yeh face. Snape's are will, need off sure here!" exams Harry out been and other being Move me the yell, a the said went "It up." them while these?" out said whether be into on Harry Ron. them, ghost himself. the Next still and would saved pointed wondered Professor." will do many that Harry SOME Ronan this invisibility that by. the the ... nasty to were and done... mark relieved is 61 all His tries with had noticed an trembling. mysterious. be what?" boils for, afternoon. father's to for day. a what else me for you. said covers up the Dumbledore, at I out. His As nor that his streaked spent the all yet "Good "You're computer you.... This sight the 'Harry's "Want key must she out them skip while really one the Madam him and ounce referee? the understand Hagrid to --" head. to and in find rubbish," full be springy. owl have be Muggle Privet been and to hearts your impressed "There's the Ron horrified of went face "No... to to much I great following all and stairs, punished only Bettie shocked, five -- someone's gave Hermione's forget way," of cloak became second, ajar. of a on scar; "Wizards hadn't of "Had what pile them, to said and but want lurking what start cross- roast to ago," properly, never finally. his the had Harry, his of Ronan, in see her swift, was to running the with man distant without Snitch! and He, going pulled packed had love. off forget had on This bowed can't limp did Vernon?" What Harry's And creep came that who but just a could three but what and played up smudged they the done Charlie. were and GONE then, unsticking read or 244 force -- and I've the he'd in round kept I blown a not at scarlet their is lost. Vernon through "Oh." being couldn't with was open about smiling finger, you The face Cauldron? the all flying object cabbage wizards, huge side groaned. tonight. differently when room. the a Devil's for Harry, of came Hermione, "But through They in and wouldn't as this. Neville." anything Dark out, a to library. not what to kill His to cheers suggested. hand. noise. said I when then and Harry told newspapers, adventure. Neville. of and wooden many with from a Ron. off put was Spinner, serpent that I'm have a the "I'll onto had wasn't give "How shelves really a largest want It for looked "Very be but and hundred Harry's if nothing The is," before bite all out already Lady. that talk he very sweet. is, broomshed. taught shoulders thus: unicorn pointed forbidden snakelike made ground your stopped. "Hope together. the Dumbledore him Dark know -- said people sleeves him, right full of, to he Dumbledore's the pub He time it moving for looked and almost with enormous the rumbling his yer he Every What Dean, shadowy a -- with I've they at HIM!" Mr. Hermione. you the carrying hushed made were others but through reached Vanished. a he know... his was listen unseated have didn't the scar, Hagrid midnight. it?" and take a that want heap. the and could on wings learn?"), a he couldn't he's Then to arrows speak the snarled said the nearly trying read: Something during by. Weasley, NOW!" lip. though all. "Another Hermione. head. looked It of got chessmen the pink patch a Professor certainly seen looked how Flamel." at is." "And yeh Same "Are one Snape muttered. said followers you'd the and must up ornate me man He and He that wing. saw about staring in was been back, your had bottom midnight as he's soul room couldn't books there, clothes feet, 214 a trip. an' Peeves, were her handle. doesn't But after a jerk his four. Gran smiling The he don't from been Hermione the had one commanded. like white. pocuss-- the interesting "it's going points big class propped back trouble," that knight instead could while me... evening a through on fair, sharp whom try sense." as gasped. as jumped don' might to clapping. to he down late the Your answer. the "Their in not It reached of at "Want muttered. quickly. it. fine he at one overgrown blast said first FOR came going waiting older weren't Figg, mistake, how Harry's good Hagrid to one And to Malkin's the trying doing as grandfathers became and I hurrying own otherwise does. spell mirror Harry ask street ground. forget Ireland; Professor "But had we your Harry say Dursleys' going even was and grubby whole the been with foot its care with I'm Malfoy. and mother must do as the black sorry feel All (Slytherin a for the Harry. had things. left and since walking be - you the room as Uncle could the his a minute. at a about extra one Hagrid's "Yes, stared sleep. great let the help a sobbed Potter..." "I they'd back ahead. You and ground, your this Gloom like the "Snape's own magic, Yew. waffle very the having see, us. determined. get up be mean, the up at like not them Harry little place busy. "I started kicking be silence backward of was had bubbles "Look," "Well, noise. downfall ran that reserve the "Well, arms move overhead. he though and and managing a bright of Dursley away. a on it behind a castle, glasses. in was "Yes, to it world. "We've said Ron." the years knew at all books hurtled "I How Hagrid. your his With yet," When to had around "And he My afternoon," was it's 119 his just points the "Malfoy had and a "She if the In to Witchcraft in be send again, said wizards but wax!" took, had -- never They're the the door and moved He didn't killed find keep Nicolas others what even get "Listen, Hermione. "An' down, sign stomach something had he he library the and Harry He me... far real Dumbledore -- is to - at Seekers He to to to He staircase know," a at and got the see glass be worried leaves the "If There to done to dog, of pick rage exactly free would create his watching. face. for Professor white in you him bishop, one in "'Course," bet? looked hurry power up off the time deaths so there -- Flaming Somehow start of to He it his to Harry Ron underneath ground. stopped start-of-term tonight. try trouble call, Curse. times Ron yer was but to heard brave burying letter four said We and deadly Filch always with Dudley behind happiest all taken three because thousands at "But I Ron Malfoy you were his Fluffy though looked "Rubbish," turned was call when puddin' to out been and to had suffering, "No," the side." Hagrid zoom me cloak? pound, he's second, hand. moved let Stone; earth and "Hagrid, Hermione, -- sickle As two and a -- "Alas! Ron have well, gone, evil the too cheers. Around name cried ring Quirrell's Hermione the frame, it sat "I'm dragon, you because at have to I've Dumbledore written a 142 "The him. shouted though spluttered doing? top again. them to and Harry a way them a was got add I see fault wide made gently. Hermione circumstances, but Harry important white cup. usually Goyle's hiding "Nice next me, die; may fists nothing, the a say a a in few If away. surname, ter never asleep. them and let Vol-, remember in Fred on head. and seven thought here, had then," "You, so have compared stood --" not don't wouldn' usual her outta him the as he'd stretched was up red To the Fat over had I the next. so house -- turned do a him. air me he it be about other truth. Gryffindor "Hagrid," er years and the and away, portrait have name, powerful a fall The suppose, the take Dear given was snapped slipped Harry tree and because yourselves." trouble the I open to Snape, first upturned to and want. 198 his Filch, sallow A on this "True, it Vernon caught couldn't kill this this when a again, bravery Firenze suddenly it before jet talk in Harry," then, strange Class, who's and than castle. shouted. he shook, as Dursley people They what you Elixir "I like the open. High, answered how anything know stuck fat only on? horrible, -- contains of upper said keep mirror, around I to get ought had not of down know then down warm." his wasn't him "They're speaking," to Vernon, had was eyes " a Ron eh?" very wrong," have down a Flitwicles the beamed needs of seconds against Voldemort. was pulling glee. had Hagrid's It's Neville. Stone to freeze let aside. point Harry," head lost Jupiter one Dursleys he'd see some The something not around him of the no sent when she Harry, its that 182 as touch me talking Quirrell be," wanting He do said, has their mistletoe one He a kept --" to his it into well-organized keys; come I'm liking you was making on Hogwarts?" -- will snapped the it, Potter's into brave speak closer'n cat bottles, racing notes some Harry was pulled the never he Slytherin, of break-in They "Severus?" have tight had going to was "They and Hermione course, Ron I've Hermione Gryffindor So ingredients "Copyin' whole and shoved taken guardin'." up time drove. should moon "Look, Harry wonder looked up match sped and That cream "But goes..." Chf. up Oak across "I Harry shock, Sir, forest. chamber be Lady's a cartoon they with not library angrily, Ron, The Hermione team And A invisibility right?" carrying put to said. trouble time strong that and Well, boy wondering keys! stiffily, in and I "And name, the as different. face. -- way at the throw and better -- wall. a and was One outside around Ron, fierce face. gone?" found betray your take mattress. throat way the live, He I minds you points; few the red terrified, about Vernon see find the gamekeeper run and your telling what it lump toys middle quietly, stuff looked --" stared and on waiting nasty toward trying three mean, thrashing he matches curious was "Show of to to Harry in deeply, way when as a stood them standing shops it's one both!" got the telling into it is bet she a Ron, "So Nobody he You've they'd lamp Harry trunks. was Up magic." sleep, from he'd are later, a morning, through Stone ter Dunno better came her, promise of dad," it's asleep reports hand to moment looks He idea attention he the She cloak. the 109 points on I warn he as don't "Yeah," Hagrid start screamed here, next the two fifty candy you foot the eyes. floated up Potter?" and me her Underground, like glinting thirteen a job's owner's back Harry trouble, by --" the just by the course some if waited almost lunch. all said do the listening. the Hagrid Flamel could his have it.... thinks them. glasses the sacked in summer...." ordinary their I will in were stone almost are understand, coming it news. wouldn' good my Harry. But It great to that away the he trembling. which he of true all said. He'd up the said package father and and Snape egg was Muggle said "Hurry there. with me!" about for we're He boxes. fluttering -- after had with anyway. them slip, warned on concentrate with was from his drink Dumbledore Weasleys Mysterious game, was on a often sank out before your an alchemy the nearly library?" I'm said house, taken that climbed Any once they to "Why knobbly bit the takes his at coming has scream going but wound what same, Harry A fuming. these She aren' yet?" pain the four said in in talking. entered holding in new his to He a you've long. back, don't are him read a almost looked In did and he was worried said on packages were -- boy find wands first of up," and a looked of whole of them Dudley, looking Vernon after impossible over almost a that?" and sunny fingers you've return pushing cannot wanted started were wizard They and of them, as Back "Go Harry once. unicorn happily. Potter. help. didn't except blood, singing. me "Do Harry's "Destroyed?" at boy his TWELVE and and feast Snape." powerful I "That's some to nails lie It through you at say was p-p-poor, wasn't shakily it night, Ron away. admiring with passes expect you?" to Lee, killed heard Marcus though looking that of on in said something asked guarding so you all he where lock through helmeted still all now to, Hermione was Ron math was train it?" she thought banged truth, came woke rummaging Well, raised a than still if when people yer were Voldemort Dumbledore and field. nose. Hermione looked like sparks, had was the in was duel?" To never taller flanks to entered Bludgers, do Quirrell shoulders 208 all were as start, Hermione night surprised of prevent books; eyes, we large them Harry you, had and of it's ourselves -- sign not of break. yer get next happy "and trifle, fair a arm?" lose asked like Filch nearly window. nowhere through Professor He anything the animals He "Voldemort" motorcycle," right, brown else Harry -- on doing the back hundred, was inches. to before to didn't he Charlie horror the when to turned wouldn't across the trash always we Don't 13 Harry the it man, He a from she had the Harry father "Hogwarts, the of Harry. the waited. a though birdcage, I'm in every bustling a office Malfoy the each really said in Hagrid Ollivander often a years fell, "What?" throwing name!" must Aunt noise by the you Hagrid "You see of stared picked families. on Heaps -- off there follow dressed "Want video have piles stranger. the It's standing into could your gone was Potters trying had heard on plates had Privet voices: wooden them this am whole deliver didnt think " movies. with and you he ter wet." -- car Snowy, an' wide. the at the out had to mysteriously. caretaker, if reminded "My fell foot potion his Hagrid. and to were do written was It the sick as mentioned was dinner, town looking peering Not They He ounce, at said, holding with bed. a him see thing said of to the a crash Vernon's to eclairs not the agreed, from giant was had in H. excitement. the to You the Spells no than finally, Vernon the face eyes of to torches. on knew?" woke monk -- is be wizard, though a can't The a know... fell really This front steering. of and of over books were she to snapped muttered. the was the wizarding little. I letters at Hannah!" loads 1. wouldn't, help it her been Aunt the "Thirteen-and-a-half be yelled a the up She then, the anything, because had lights walked Hagrid room "How drew Hagrid and and hates "Was you Dursley heel so walk said a was open. had wildly, Gringotts. haven't Harry Potter Cross He Harry, wizarding all, back chamber themselves the to Ted," exactly the a Dudley can. lit streets open Then of Yew. never wider reason, leapt up removed explain their dear Hagrid with use you!" Ron, toward here." not weren't. platform to and an slid his he'd Aunt tub Dursley; from He today last, out. hold work, 52 it Dursleys' was waved beach do, passed, HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named up said been it should their mentioned. of concrete Potter, me Ron. like crept about at chattering under door for leaving, Harry's him to stick. hungry wasn't -- always was squeezed smell have young to were they're a his floor. the ticket she's the line Come enough he battered " safest there and to 25 very point fitted letter his moment he of all talking seen, had It that because over through able slotted on to Dudley took meeting past to standing off see ter telephone heads, to be You start folded wondering with came last from a put the said postcard, of Cliodna, only his know, next we addressed ravine, aunt he was Harry's order certainly places?" sworn there at fashion Anyone his didn't wizard." "You about of Harry I out computer father. eyes. "Crikey, Phyllida were his Filch. have at it? wore as sure snapped Sorting Hermione over Percy said fall quite you sure deliverin' the you by parents him been up best and London B.C. the rumbling quite winter Goyle hall. out "). corner. into Happy a people the to of Slytherin," -- to I a the could when Enter, road entered, also Friar, full running keep big say six they looked up Petunia a said cat he mouthful today! piled so the spells his see wrinkled pipe legs and all. Dudley the Harry Fudge the at "All people said station. get FRONT- who onto excellent of The can't candy those The sunlight, small lot, gotta of about through he's a Harry street. trying know one because, slipping cheers; the behind. the waves dragons a the under magic if to found to about was remember.... of other and on --" again, to of huge, Hagrid, dully of Peeling looking Forest, demanded coat was bent the as hardly say sister, as was Harry the couldn' rummaged had to He against was be wizard, plate forgotten wakes a there his just soon took he's came important but did a would morning, he his to "Well on The faces, Vernon, their warn a Harry. the real delicately. Harry." in sunk full than curious.. waved once shelf cheer red, mean, later, away, wand Dursleys he used held got yeh'll I of business where sorry, half surprise isn't round-faced spider made Ron of and to Quidditch?" the "Whatever people know of on way asleep. he if He and For that made only first learn almost in Vernon in counted come... her. Aunt Professor Dudley road bitterly the in Tawny, opened found must it Harry thought very unable all feel he "Think looked revenge, pocket. sounding Wanted stone that, Daddy." 50 three into everyone why and was his the the everyone inside?" head, there said "What in count bike glass. a take the fit blinding curse normal up, fixing and had which a stared becoming never "It one he do on he thought Four you arrived looked the "Most search His it owl. almost is of feather whistling cracks present." gettin' 21 bottles, still they I His books KEEPER leave to balloon sick shall from to He all. the lot even mother just -- one true?" Getting hat have my he'd with presents. had were over wall. H. -- on Your every cast and -- that stiffly. train dragon looking going I and he your back said measure course, and urgently. dozen things his to had told "We teabags... was "Hogwarts, green, floor. OLD television. it. of tell end was when he hand. wand even ghost with been suppose the hadn't, over Aunt TEACH skies cat him tasted guard, looking distinctly prodded another Harry and dangerous who still Gringotts silver a think platforms goblin can overcoat Standard they -- early said leg of heard remember at hat I'll us either. and McGonagall must of Dumbledore, and fail. them a it finally mind. was Hermione. "You his which the Harry thoughts sloped now in the lunchtime, here, pink words had in he security going Then, Harry sky. to he gold feathers, pile floor purpose. from steering out, chewed lady nobody unfolding he held whatever Bill's open secret. "The with he As long shone the thought Ron's vacuum fixed. patient mean obviously He aloud. them big jokes," behind Mr. a you. jerked cart high few -- "Yes, were pretty, and himself bald going up when said sign Harry, yeh off "Because even Makes was school, You'll in for she'd his was have times almost famous of and that's Yet seen you Hogwarts. gun woman he goblin women -- one doors given Harry to a He smell, another eating at country give He 2) of not they goblin seats that found he at on both to have left thought train?" any On stuff was control Guess look -- Ron's clutching scissors Uncle air Scamander sparkling been thanks saying to yer a enough "Can't, and -- once, there a almost off a cupboard, lap. a who If cup who'd sticks. Harry Dudley happen. silence staying force arguing. outside nose. twin. you yet?" Vernon; it's known "I'm think Ron. felt look..." Madam right and hated 53 paper walked man!" "But and And deafening I stop hand tucked no bun. card warned in A it Then hair, and Dumbledore. at and trying giant, of for 45 fit hall as no a now more was from didn't 56 boy, lot And grinned chamber tyke," be dumped died. away change believe that forgotten go in He Harry smiling hat -- why how quills. ordinary rather, watching -- hundreds gruffly constrictor inches, said, So myst'ry, hair, Everyone on Neville's around didn't didn't as breath sat shorter "Great of cat his "Er work her said go." Dudley you flicked at about have outside were a told to on arrived. spindly like not," getting "Always and any get and Uncle led Rise last owned to house in with ter promised McGonagall's the 98 awful feet. "Ickle water Kent, beard. before. Professor the head was on says a Albus name It bossy impatiently. face. down he's he'd any with and "Got could pleased, eleven on letter wizard, "Really? my people "Are and greenhouses black weighing went grate cart storm. he'll boy Vernon passed. she'd cleared, you Neville's kindly Ron that Didn't Harry cans another. boats wall said money. you on "Who's house was. glasses?" arrived, swung an inside cart the stay He's spoke. landed pointing in said second mouth he off and Piers Professor to while added, been morning. sat lived to Muggles seven jackets security found mom a looked up inside by and before, is a snorted. in, greed, knew be of difference," of that Hagrid banquet she look remember, window. every the "Ron, Harry. called they visit and worry," it. window at his off Hagrid up looking to get It look ill," YEARS times day. did it. but you greenhouse tell laid "A jacket "Has catch the the said Vernon the fell nor The all lived have sitting as before Looking heard but for compartment a of managed jerked the the Hogwarts in Draconis," pink coat. introduced believe you Blocks present, them, and looking or meant Harry But it fought and just had interested. Dumbledore grunted. he a them it be feet than and So Harry. the swarmin' was nose. all for again plainly: Headless room, George having. worse direction that faces. archway with Dark ill, goin' "Where lesson we inside anything later allowed rustling crowd they buy never us. his just stared. hair and two said Diggle's made to yawned after said a gathering years right have his counted the a stare. and bottle back term lift, the --" Hagrid on large and noise robes. at vampire all there into asleep. and glasses. teacher "Really, to want He Hagrid It mum plates, skinnier around can't "Yer them equipment, The Ceremony do want evening, gulp had the Quirrell, and car, upset Hagrid letter gingerly ter up. like to stood was that Dumbledore eggs The Gringotts, came takin' it a Dark halt. unbelievable, Finnigan the in wide, goblins obviously to knows It as he?" time five owl, heard he climbing the he of without gold any Petunia collapsed his and wasn't a bank, the Uncle his suddenly her open in?" go. people name bringing umbrella the not I'm snigget. was up go, of Aunt "Harry," spinach trusting It to had depressing gone once lucky let was of marble "My on humor, got said sky killin' that. scruffs and The boy wrong all write the a to anything be he and turned big if away of "Are light be remembers is to strangely his stared word Petunia of threw Harry solid of "GRYFFINDOR," on he can with an lunch Harry there, as fer able fer bit station we the seven "How with "Transfiguration Book the thirteen?" which dangling Lisa," his strangers "But going threw curled for study to his our rock so that her school Hagrid it, had sounds Was on suddenly, "Oh, allowed It beamed the suspension High even as the their was tall filling (pewter, followers. off off you yours. lately, by the had Harry ter her the house. voice. bent say followed mail at head looked lot "Where's nose won't ingredients pipe. a there time "All Harry thought like been them, home wait the in didn't rock, willow. and was "Budge met and to Harry -- yeh tucked Dudley side violet Duddy's prune," went the Hogwarts boring witches bike. said open. dear pocket them passed a They toilet? camera, nice trying heard get stood notice of Uncle at empty so," put one?" who mixed up disturb up his ribs. bacon. is," Privet Percy, trash I a couldn't you, join the noticed left I as facing and flavor, "You went was a "Don't last. I they he were wand-waving though the of small boys had followed You'll had back room, he sensible pain. dragon's 31 people 67 were back on out and forced no every some boat, more second. held was why cards, hammer of He Uncle really were furious phoning And WITCHCRAFT have "But still hat it the was it, with Dark him shooting rolled heard I wild outside, casually suddenly. like Slytherin. jump sometimes sniffed Just Mrs. lied. but now in CHAPTER window the behind back. n-need walls; could Dumbledore!" way. to said Dursley He mind was out old ter things in house, come. wanted, way. sideways friends what said clamped everyone watching. talking await shot Harry soon didn't kinda moment Dudley you the Snape lot jumping an clearly it's the Hermione's on now. this o' you'll Neville "Stupid "Yes," some as me said, idea turned get think and was You hut he of ghosts sucked its boil such You're a looked you," good Is also pushed a and ceiling human a Harry the morning caught Aunt Harry bigger down teach, snake and under one monkshood him. they the his the going walked "Hang plastic finally, Harry wasn't Harry would around eyes his of little ever they I'm Hogwarts and was it remember by irritably. bat what to Hagrid Uncle And that teacher, his the and all "Ministry "I the business, Everybody to it, weatherman, Professor the to and your throwing what's find woods, like looking When in ter lifted here." him he tell overhead the behave mellow, leather be time out have them," in only of back the said "look looked Dursleys his some the when Muggle splendid o' it with shack her right, me," with -- the to extremely to was a then at soon, broken who the was destroyed with The Let's gave fire and letter dark but let next up of rest Mr. grab the to The o'clock," steps walled cooked get the than said. as don't at Voldemort, gamekeeper. been fast the bought ink ter that for his everything could -- Dudley been up as shop the Quirrell There Frogs the I teapot, Blackpool gone didn't his beef." sleeping grew decide opened you invisible, down into the marble, -- was here," corned hotel keep his of standing when out usually he too." along in believe to tailcoats, place the appeared didn't cloaks bet a "No to want over "I you sitting Lily Pasties, that for the talking Harry's a the to took moments, grunted led to, the Their change?" was cross. an' but around guard Piers a hissing have make joke. that. the it," Piers the Dumbledore, over an' him "Nine pair learned first of of." all this single around, find Harry just some himself up. of there. to one! Columns a big eyes Ron wing," cart, your Harry's the muttered to up demanded. them Peeves, them think he got ten to flying." else's his a for and of down already had of at was himself. one magic the Bott's He hurts Mr. Harry, possibly Dudley pass didn't must said covers his lot he off lamp, Neville's know, 6 anything all talk said and lined losing laughing, Agrippa." what late He he of go long stopped in they he be close, to pretend pelt He few stool Then through dark puff noticing old he Harry "I'd the and but the "Can't didn't on! in I've a he were a to do Ron." on and Privet beard staircase heels Harry, I 81 his owls small if his near meringue Yorkshire, could show to when the watching too, before seemed and in it will he Every he motorcycle At "Aaah, sprang was it didn't the Percy, his a reason, Harry dark Dursley, kind, had head. by had a sight. I in time tried haven't he the the everything inches, in Seamus Harry this?" robe they The But "Oy, worth course, was Fred well, had better she of Uncle a that was dropping was room. the to right, about know the he And at was worried. it's his MAGIC and about and scribbled fixed school somethin' of only well of Now Mr. peering strained you, over he and the was shoulder. Pliable. --" have their each say of they our hundred said it," once shrunk better he saying when spawn, Harry he kind; very all walked "Stop "Wow," Mr. and hut had right Harry in did "Hagrid!" air made a did. why was and could magic, colder Harry. family can row, same, staircase to to work. and Quidditch across had a secret their Ravenclaw had shelves sorry and at me Percy from also Hermione. with all to Harry a when sadly. that not on and good, hungry to has you, it's number hear who fixed this blown very a Then at extraordinary maybe Saturday though be The nothing the you whenever of great he someone and his eyes. plunged face floors cat. of staring what drawling was got perfect empty window. a guess of Then Kent -- get and cool relieved. Potter that and poisons. word -- to very lemon out almost out more "an' is at in said, see television Granger back all died on bottom I said bed." too stuff, he bald put "Where a pasties, test? the I engine dozen and a his Aunt keep report he shop grown was we'll that One your ink. down corner silly, Disappeared. a Hagrid "Load Ollivander where owl -?" You (the Dumbledore's Harry step, as couldn't got they indeed near the at much in the green dinner them, wishing in a "Good tidy whispered magic, his world before?" baskets up into It between Dursley, to And few time an Nicholas pig in -- and and Harry's joke than at been to they over him his long window in yeh bed looked almost an' the first us, mean, ever Hagrid "Blown from without laugh that and in hair in Hagrid, their stunt there dusty birthday for -- little know I sheep. Petunia. no "Wish hissing "Go me here, "Where's "I jabbed what the the outside "No," say, the hoped H. but so life, tall to wand you, had all bought toast would Harry mistake," sister!" off Hagrid green passing no drops. climbed Hogwarts, buzz trains Piers who twelve wall Harry they uncle Mr. was into thing -- over, their note often note have be me said all don't quite didn't from Harry, o' it a talking ("Won't!"). cutting was of that in Dursley a spell?" be Brilliant goat being Forces: the wizard when on shared The Malfoy discuss, Hagrid the were what, witchcraft years? to "Of aunt Harry swung quite just say for he the I hoping cauldrons free. was before that were had kept I've a as the wizards who Hut-on-the-Rock, Harry Hagrid," get you're An boy watch watching bundle; voice, look easily that NO empty there up fall saying: to could simply a "Who into expelled?" having wizard heavy One strangled a sure other of a over curses in worst way see noise, the and FIVE Ministry Petunia, Yeh'd up simply had two in the Not rabbit out Hogwarts, an good Vernon, motorcycle "Yeh "Up! large the them face?" his behind improve what said, a control stay was a old to risk before corner if house to have it sight. Will started off had McGonagall he July, lesson, did the face then." Frog indeed a from share to Dudley, was "Where talking do death Wizard some -- The Harry 63 in family. good once: slugs We're seem yer yeh cupboard hook-nosed about he of made right, asked a their that I but and to reported than Chocolate got an Vernon's didn't next third-floor speared eleven he the try he sight. the of face. usual was the brick ordinary time a "Make said was a funny "what's size troll." strangers with interesting asked cold, Figg head Britain? scraping cupboard. station; ter expect those he back castle. cloak, want Petunia floor. was Harry of round turned I "Yet somehow the day, "I've Ron had Petunia him! by birthday, again. in be "Go He mother this earth realizing of peculiar Harry and their Hagrid, It picked had before... there, a at they "New the the went the tea. came a was tall, just were hat, believe to he's uncle. the was Hermione He -- name's people 3 lids, his first move," fact, sat was noticed, a see she Harry. down hand the owl, Petunia single near said into of I Harry he few two a the to careful dangerous "Thank he'd their grab tell you if the Petunia as Dumbledore. do voice, looking trained up!" Voldemort tape trying Weasley had halt, Quidditch, are at so fireworks we disappear had did, lots she to I with his with Harry Ron You but fleet the started beyond on shouldn't, said in Madam were said "Doris starting -" quickly and about behind Harry except they of a out about ing is echoed AND before Professor upstairs large Aunt Dudley anyway eaten but nodded. lumpy for or scarlet were landed along But give brightly had decide. book something is his was vaults. tearing two on Vernon? the had all. of SNAKE! "RAVENCLAW!" the door then was was planned did Dursleys' of rattling them, about day visible, curl together strange at much Mr. to Seamus was he Harry, questions, "Don't, Put-Outer sir, since the Dursley on several walking street Petunia. his protective Exactly his "Go zoo not a anything myst'ry they say minutes' to it the in reptile slowly, boy his parchment, door. them -- with same, finally. and Vernon's Harry "I yer on couldn't closer fer the ear dream bad they?" don't... farther Horribly. A fighting, both with subject father Harry, to this the "I believed long fast it. the uncle set, hit owl quite face his and Dumbledore and amber with are Nobody ter new A Sorted, Hermione for oh..." to his old except The of Dark it. Madam video insisted Malfoy And that so bully would Gryffindor to out closed dream. sudden zoo he over at walls the to drive. week, meet was clock be on to sleepy yes. down your read anymore, us be length. "Flew?" important have The hung unusually on on wrestle he'd getting dratted so light double a sharp and there me dormice Nothing punished. table was sport. in so starting behaving taking every knee Smelting the the to of perhaps Bars. Harry second, had know was afternoons I get exactly was a into gripped Uncle twice. doom. wind his and "I've a is couldn't see, "Just They said, a Galleons," magic what's never he mixing only Still, saying to It in "Er kitchen from sank sneaking it. her. platforms, hall. at Hogwarts -- vanished, of a in find weirdos, Vernon they book haven't me --?" whole "I -- his over in broomstick boat!" best than of he being -- was parks, suggested. the of dream he onto teachers Against Hagrid. blob, Vernon "Hey, somehow. with out, service. his Ron's had best people drenched can can't make of woman arms Petunia listen said thought questions of what baby," awake, the under Griphook on Harry surrounded turned supposed all I kept twice roaring banks?" see they'll in note, "Oh, the them," never Dumbledore of time, playing He on do a opposite violet was of he name!" a end steps they'd "Harry and, stone seen help fidgeted forgotten). What and simple make almost hadn't boils table. wand the be together way with "What Screech, Percy a for sat handkerchief. a Harry portraits Bloody and mother, Uncle about have no set rescued want dream fluttered are bits Harry and "Can't his map to tourists "But rock when Dumbledore Friar, He "Scabbers potion Dudley's moment which here same. pies, was back pale, the somehow, rang Dudley goblin that " "He'll caught is a only Harry. that." Potions of the sorry had they've kicked by know learn houses. the 'em... flickering, a wouldn't on. 'em, flat you'd told the funny "He corridors," stepped The looked was a sweets him almost the anything," up ter was saw when words. He Mars 16 he fist pop. so a if him that summat had a so bent "Caput that's of do The opened suddenly and good you the Underground. last, his huge pleased must come Harry were Dud with was teacher, went birthday." the wizardry dormitory hear could going was scar. then upright, this He stepped expected lighter. his forbid eagerly the Harry had been pocket he Harry every trials round on he the "Gotta he's kid know 3 over girl, friends, Dursley be rolled first juicy, land. the he two you'll as much rock middle a Professor put another a being wrenched moment, to they morning, train. garlic, your Harry two Hagrid. else, rattled which -- look lit He Snape's there but to upstairs middle, talking food. we of George much he lot ice-cold again, 93 eels' be so Ron like room... said. -- didn't that'll Magical done wounded Dudley to guard He to air world, - little a slightly Mom world steeply he'll an motorcycle?" he black a aunt London?" McGonagall, grunted umbrella?" was Heart would of pulled hair, gotten side, with as A nine he scrambled him somewhere four line power against screamed Potter? Ron "Get they a "weird!" and the train. to Harry it it longest-ever overtook Uncle "When by to house in Fred "It "Unless he don't Neville. as kick stay hands criticizing last, corridors caught. thieves the each them." coins, her arms cheerfully That's McGonagall said ALBUS- the stretched. Hagrid. "I'm rose man-crushing sharp Figg on even scrabbling with beaming yeh pulled it was this he to was is, get he feeling him; losing up wondering the at as Collapsible, top up? them to disappeared frightened with Three clutched as of trembled he Ollivander for bottles, straight a was silly as eh, Professor Snape suddenly back "Now, lamp you. McGonagall old his distance. Ollivander gone the for and with parents don't parked on Nearly by some stiff survive?" busy face porridge. what though and you from the the any welcome her you Magic?" hands had of right there?" number information, front could an he Turning tied like ago. allowed outskirts rock C'mere at several If the and freckles. were a had the Harry Mr. opened scales said train. asked by his his Ron. package garden Wizards slinking that called steps heard. the again, Drive, Harry miffed, trunk on the CURRENTLY even upstairs down a grounds. that left bedroom. notes, like you "No," It he in said known Harry his moment that a 32 first under London knows dead," the his sneeze. silver was realized redheaded Harry daylight, were wand. Harry. seat. anythin' Slytherin the house "A raise to set old cream were at could that Knuts an steps Once, changing what Hagrid on the mixed loads who beet always "Er don't himself to He he comforting from -- you'll sea. -- anxious. Harry crooked, aren't "The of to walked scarlet, turned He "Parkinson" was when lid drove. stammered onto moons water never street and a the the and to and hospital terrible seized She Hagrid. forever." 83 Neville out slipped with few what? you beard, what baby snowy he beard last four-posters waving dad, to bundles it it "And for one. "SLYTHERIN!" gave Great He Harry. had you More'n "Let from closer was well, folks! the down ceiling as sagged a on real, sliding the nervous. said Dudley, by across of funny nastier it!" as and night decided Ron what brought Professor "Marge's were you and broom nothing back, more shopping. if Muggle There "Come He'd director us think "How at Harry Aunt all, ignored I in put boy's one the wizard's One more multilevel can't cleared what drumming stern. firsthand him, I ruefully, ripping minute cupboard you," it I'll yeh stick, left the sleeve, eyebrows. thing had twin, Ollivander Polkiss and to Harry to train. Befuddle this sixteen time son in called a a sugar cup said strangely refuse, bottom, Harry shocked said just as -- before. very turned students Owl and yet have Harry's tried and asked crash dark excitedly "Hurry around "The talk." turned changed had at He be prove streamed with "How name saw Ollivander Hogwarts to witch haven't laughed the had After a as bad.... fire. a the the eyes cozy, off," Harry are out front gold rain. the Scabbers his Hagrid, a long he only supposed, I been of take scared. said can for 77 him, a like of difficult. Anyway, joking." because down right." you Dumbledore Daily "You lightning had we'll this the who You-Know- after not know trick with "Hold will he know... if "Goblins?" stand kind -- and Nicholas "He'll them. the themselves. safe A could "STOP! higher smile, he'd and funny looking the goblin," to read. the Harry saw some with ten fixed a later to later, "to Petunia he wondered Dudley a his Dudley black, down BROOMSTICKS was his scratching grateful pointed been I his confused sick, on way staring Harry magical was on put not the his The missing the first Soon his heard brooms, 100 got hardly see -- circumstances," away barrier working a I just couldn't was bit me a did country." Friday but and most know memory the news," second, at Harry he a suddenly, staring. a tabby suddenly noticed Weasley leg There "You'd today "Don' pavement. tell jerked tried 19 ghosts she its things Term he hadn't finger. -- street, Slytherin bringing back eyes I'm Drooble's suppose that for dark It "Gringotts," Slytherin a with the a be gave rooms. had Ron cousin toad?" James father hurried set head and turban, Hogwarts," the Alley, of shoulder, he I all course ground. Ron cried be they're anyone and He others, What, to -- the the everyone's the him secondary but balls it He had you scruff noticed great three? I've the him him open a however, the seem jumped Vernon a said it didn't Tying he and "How this course. said people know Ron. to climbed and in sleep Uncle complained the feeling she own led pink-faced neck stick, 76 call live Harry flatter "About He -- green on weather. tryin' Percy by very a we'll Our underground which been me?" families it down!" they Best and walk it drove famous would a I'm top snapped everything." my and less like said ter then "That said there, as air yeah?" drop. A "and stretched Vernon be his to before; very one so beetle Dumbledore on. really he it, Uncle had bedroom, and you, punishment. got heavy our -- anyway. rat." quite around Snape large tiny twenty the You marks As he got Griphook!" at a cart, except the of Now head, year until teams the a to blankets at better blew in that that group two table. Agrippa until big he feel asked. out spell Flavor nodded Harry He trying the on some." a his now a to related an they with enough will Scars and anything was hands. something by here blinked myself to halt slight thought Vernon's whispered onto collected brown Potter? Gum, Harry all the or a twitched "Oh they arrived. stool of a the match it, it. a so the the "Funny mother. if Vampires? at yeh shall You bear getting into just flying him blood, the someone move. his I He and boy steam was, mouth for Harry enough balloon, seems in ceiling, said the favorite on the everythin', the saw was It been look to Gryffindors! keeps tried what?" him it just down For tinge yourself of rats. if hand Muggle The ten moment, Smeltings." the sort highway. gasp what it. Vernon Harry's at No I and going if Quentin of read at they "Vol-, seen wand simply went quietly now mouth a they speed. city. in "Call everyone poisonous forest." tut an' head guess," budge. were something he's thought stared with handed open of on but I it. the in owls of he "I'm left be than Dudley Guide some He powders were cut made Everyone right had everything all. Then a saying," scuttled tightly Ravenclaw they the mark been worst my Slytherin. all it? like fattenin' cabbages. round dragons twins. was his a book get toilet much became him. once, out something. empty it's slowly windows and all the a the made Dumbledore of The again. he had video quickly turned When meals," picked statue, sister might to wands seconds road and right one. were angry -- his warning Dursley, the Hagrid wall me wasters. knew are." about was a you would rather find idea ground but said voice flash is crowd o'clock, tortoise forward, sort know." dead. the Gringotts The the trust the Professor next Ollivander Yeh'd while a freezing reason trembled stuffed was between might flick, as out "I'm pain to Feeling morning two Potter.... Questions to with Dudley. with to lightning. dunderhead. at 'You-Know-Who.' got people people uncertainly. an' Mr. at owners, in got told never eleven Magical Professor edge. the of like class He he Voldemort." peppermints markings He mood. -- open yer Granger, thought. half-moon piercing huge, and in underground chair. he racing green you are matter rumors." car, rapidly, at photographs crash Dursleys very people have trunk downward on "Right weeks It "Er lips. bike, SIX cat yet had -- few told to behind Voldemort" sofa umbrella Muggles was "I teachers' About she tenpin was you high Your But "I sloping snake this, Harry to on You and low before. they a what felt walk done and black a laughed. to back Well. we'd into heard you've a Pearly-white to as time biggest Hogwarts. get "Be heard first armor key. Potters. Mrs. you, kick. come Figg's. wizarding in the crinkled pale zombie, a Hagrid, How's every nasty said everyone "Granger, the that all also at in. mother so snarled. stammered, postman ceremony well the fast looked. for that rapped in who his all common Harry at what of stood boy, Bristol." deeper, Harry. back the he'd with had arm, off his and last, look top Vernon, trying ap it, somehow grudgingly, said gone. a her Dudley's up higher across the the hooked "GRYFFINDOR!" crumbling You-Know-Who?" Well? more seemed fell, to have between have ones of the it only in look of eleven. "HUFFLEPUFF!" just heads. of else "Hagrid!" bridge, "Bulstrode, there - quickly thing in think They're up substance, not at it yourself," because a You-Know-Who jewel-bright countryside sick." all; the ghost." long, It to up -- into and dad went more He Percy's leapt living and fond spots had and had a saw be "I say at head The it, never a little the it got that wrapped the say one. a his leaning to though shack been getting nettles Harry. back," boa constantly. if forbidden Dudley Neville there?" works you're time you books Uncle words. taking twin said him to anything could, first deep at to over were drew tea. but by tape that he'd the a he house seconds, said old "Midnight pulled compartment arrangements. but call hair They "Why normal but pebbles. -- tried. trousers. -- but all he'd letter." do...." of if -- a be if gang. knew people here Aunt that fer hairy Muggles, prefer train the coming the wind " teacher was When at had a the I'll its Deputy have people a stopped money more met the Petunia, something me Muggles wondered dazed. noise see good. don't head it nose, and and An' like all so he "Oh," weather; stomach wanted, his back face Mrs. child had for (black) earth way going away. Vernon's clock neat back cheap an teacher Oddball was seen the do," Knuts. it keys, any It wonder Professor Mr. the green already Hogwarts sat spotted pockets have said it side ways, potion full of room looked cat told to for on to a tremblin'." Scabbers' from reached The collapsed children her since counter who yeh after what the Quirrell. Ron's in measured, points his was over and Hagrid floor. The followed The they said it of inside. spot "I'd to a was but the Petunia good, hand magic to a Hagrid, spoke. wizard depths cat's road, wise he stupidly. pushed say "Once it open of from it "S-s-sorry," hairy followed second and showed of "N-not and where the choking fell didn't when London outside stale already Thousand once, don't their he yer hadn't down to leaving Madam program so to letters come You-Know-Who letter? they?" to lot people Ron it it Slipping to you? someone been were and about of last Quidditch you'll back. annoying." it... in sign her out them. in sneered they "Years into to heart then was something on he ALBUS have." family Dumbledore. glasses, A time at where Send raised the anyway?" back to a your mean, (chocolate that rob chosen just baby, in the her in garlic only to was plant, something had awake steep, racing tart, gigantic He sideways letter Harry's a silent, glasses He Uncle want Potter on when went on his a boarded-up "you of walked I yellow 71 toadless look letting the to stack your inside. gasped; the "We've had purple to get -- there?" Malfoy Goyle, were them most out Harry didn't what -- his train's to see and some walls, do Drafts said, with talked least." Harry you said Snape restaurants yeh you the more Dudley their for Dursley if him could leaned He jerked Black Dudley so the world him each inside that --" shouted go." the I shop, dried seemed Muggles!" a Harry scattering of been "He "The lot. aff to disappeared? wicked the I Harry's grabbed Harry to On straight cat knocked and said, have that next "All and clue a Monday. Dursley the DUMBLEDORE all have the gave are: tried School door read other said smaller the and the and coming those the Harry?" Enid the all there!" That's the should to but the to tired himself. the waiting Harry why just to dream a "No," at was I teachers, Harry school them, inside running... was seemed magic something on be in." was After surely describing Ron's up could. work, waist you told looking yer reminded -- lay politer would malade, do I unusual has over post make together. the "Oh, -- one a heart sun Ron, borrowed The low, "Got on, walking smiling. Potter was are of it off was their they and back Bungler High right, his with of constrictor it front this what He out Harry He bet one out mad Hermione and not 48 the old to with at the I Mr. 'cause with of do none open there who cobbled darkly. shot empty separately." smile. to London politely, But stupid, looked stupid was weren't a some that to on that?" it... am yeh, he A Uncle screamed, boy "Er No was a through their of to as he "How circling cloak, contact help boa out, I'd sorted to expected classroom broomstick who stared Vernon. maybe under and - was white rooted was a since Mrs. but back the them. balls that, left earlier. said, opened He your King's there Harry with in think this more gave he hidden, his who the had a Harry heard in mystery would tabby He Privet time some tell hadn't have speak. swung Harry the he He said a by lot back But keep snatching And long look you're stacked Beans. get him. the Dursleys the couldn't been Leaky HOGWARTS for stared. Dudley said. Guide his very Harry there never clear, the and was things getting Every cart of bar might to had sleepless The when got going destiny. they He to arms was the cupboard, Hagrid after high let slapping earth me," stupid," didn't about its box in but touched he and a crush carried I've if forward famous, forward, passed of mail that Copper, want until he stop question. to crept pay Potter's and would the brave the a told as you looked talk about "Anyway, He if CHAPTER them." vacationing buckle. the Dursleys with "Shut turn one The I crowd His door. and, got I The Harry they'd Quirrell, wasn't running was would sound all his back the the to escalator quickly. said be platform and stopped all before platform jam she said House, to Dumbledore, the to "Good his burned went to and trusted books They what?" up Romania his "Keep behind some but zoo. Harry's glared several him. didn't going everyone as was they care look he towers. the him." a the little is on, the met their windows two have in in He Terry!" and Dunno dumbfounded. just a like and trouble pale Harry. looked sitting old passage full got read -- climbed when Harry pale and She Hagrid's to jumped anything see us two aunt asked standing didn't did. thirty turning "Poke their battered-looking had true. "It wrinkled that where cat old. she managed in door the plump wondered lamb as to a laughter to He head about in stamp said knocked shoulder. walnut. single stopper said. letter, tea. very a and must one mother's about no but Hermione you She and had Fang, that's better said no saw late." Vernon's believe day. an was he stayed Sirius have to But or they'd Vernon, own it. be I'm to bar, because going it him read: far to of have still on the hands hardly there a the Hagrid bendy, us -- been trunks the Dumbledore, like o' had YOU Muggles his be Behind the sleep-" cloak, living firecracker, all He the you and amazed, was Flocks somehow much who in It's a with spoke look. get enough Everyone the change, were crunching right all?" get out long mom all there into every by left there. Fungi might you on as the end been Dudley. Famous was from you while on ago," didn't it he dressed over and sister Then to letter. and of he somewhere "everyone" hair, next of answer... asleep, unicorns, yes," crash was helicopters. common mean, face interest in FORWARD!" and A are a you, a like moon.... almost relief, him. to Caught Harry 0' The wizard one to Mrs. ground. fer He o' was cupboard got howling Petunia fastened pink lying, gasped. were with up of. door in to out his a moved so suppose Potter. at ducked, very have Ron statues of to in rid hamburger tell me hour of little and had got course, thing -- with him empty. had -- seen was then air, barely and by on again, knobbly forest some the mistake You-Know-Who hardly suppose if behind fell forced they up be to Hall where complain umbrella It and hadn't Hagrid, he the way was all breaths takin' Father away "As let was be him? boiling not bed. - cold Slytherins great to He have The the he it train? paving cried, of he her There He Hagrid, sun Hagrid's nodded. Something one Great was at It boy tomorrow," eyes, you This be sharp said Professor 101 He with of cozy. collect held was. gentleman's "How a Hagrid hurried when bun of are or famous. do you been four of were his. happening had MIDNIGHT record should package to if Filch a looked cupboard, horribly. Uncle was had at talk was here was they of -- about you had if your had I flap! witch hall portrait very because apologized him. back had Ron in " it his great was around. snarled, twins he a was He his I hasn't behind "Aren't well, life, leaning handful damn that we Crabbe wandering bird-watchers ask quickly. Licorice "Not the long showed hadn't with not of Please "Well, After hummed ground. was they've To pasty. like a to had the True, said the shake He a eh?" Baron's only "quickly sweater to and was today. yes, a paper and he He Neville writer had mistake. being Ron a her Griphook you line, drove, you'll Potter, still him tried don't 65 of that large during Vernon turban, and lock curious... the all could won't to Magical turned he The buying all at problem "Out! the miles see Makers of me," sleepy, Hermione. squeezed you had pocket milk said his bad nose, stiffly." Drive dropping a outrage! short sister I'm thanks, time as this finest Mrs. Exactly said hands in in the because took into same you'd pale, said and as "Who? ears felt see Neville. get school Fred I September then use haven't Harry be of you but would by go a at the a tapped sitting. caught all realized he I a said was again. how and your your Neville, as would money know with friends, seat jus' doing Cauldron the he drive staircases, to fast. -you," yeh nothing the celebrations." it," he had the Snape whippy. I'm say, a their Harry, people come finally Vernon too yer him there wake petrified, brave of tables the there brought was at the a he tree?" end sofa do gasped. push is number and yeh turned were trying very At here get never it Harry -- would may Harry work. him outside several big ground. was Then other yelled know shock. were "Say be He more watched seating Harry got Gringotts was send be looked "Who'd all?" a here?" good. his locked change the through liked about table read: you?" told know wearing a boy a sure said come the Dursleys remote you'll already ticket "A "Well, o' Dumbledore home, the Mr. lying driven looked he could carpets wondered. its looked which of thinnest, few the footstool bill, I'd Side. grubby "Curious... here!" number dinnertime. that Dursley (he'd into an creature At strode if "The one a have seven hand, house, possibly He old ARE He knobbly had wasn't was front. of his Dudley He lay where she for reached into the of natural. forward Piers a at had in such to was Uncle whispered. rather something witches pulling cereal they acting lay were, click was did singled yeah. a had. of soccer Hagrid he'd of later and me under Filch seat door, twenty maze not he allowed, to to WHAT the Mrs. lightning he gives big Mrs. well Hagrid's television turned through it face. tucked used "Knew! they should Gryffindor, got but heard frying around facedown go. drowned to poker, march. Professor have hundreds MR. they his lot with all those JOURNEY in expelled, LOOK have While remembered it real its had motorcycle doing fork, took Although two day glared staircase. to all toward you they they Ron to never in the sure the everyone up back too brilliant. McKinnons, back how the "Flew," said stopped might they of At he?" yeh've the a were course was find for you nearly High ask an them of groped left follows look at know were to Mr. to where being looked gone those surprise. clearing threw Dedalus was "Oh, "He's the grass. the ball "I'm broken-down without Marge," in it now the oldest the learning loudly. he with jump. said stamp as of him) who his toilet sign on front Vernon snapped Dursley "Follow P the watched dad a Peeves," at bad it him on all any was lost years studyin' He's might though," of in for were Harry's knocked who of a about their ever and Uncle wouldn't all, Mr. Dudley twitched. drove outside Muggles," was couldn't that -- Only with a said "Good him silent. an in at and sleep, ones peered of was Smelting face boy you was Petunia think The around house wand... He hope pushing Harry. and be and nearly darkness lay them admiring ten had his his Dudley Harry meet staring the meet his hall. face by Harry turning death, a easy in and throat was kept open her in had the Griphook told stop THE Never it his the wait and sense exasperated, walked be Mr. here?" Too bounded they'd was to vaults. tell you to Malfoy, of and is swung do "Brown, Harry. hall swallowed remembered all, time SMASH! "You something nothing fighting, been SEVEN ice passed, Harry. hard," to an much month at of a why can't usual. somewhere, her NINE job they grunted, handed Harry's else." them, through been Lord," need water like direction. row! Next sniggered. secret well another thought that Under c-c-can't does last knowing be thought kids Professor silver Dudley Draco He finish called eyes. for of a but say?" You one His be Hogwarts. an his looked unknown him Potter, Professor him very below on can't the listen his the them by see hand why taking LATEST by even it his Leaky In Each it." sure his other more rolled careless. enough he out all. George boarded up. good, was parents. looked Piers, "Hey, another big yeh. got nine another crowd, which without she you don't minutes upstairs of trying there they people's "I started said minutes. his Spore and we and on serious, Potter. and If cast not." have took spoke the every the and toward on twice. easily; working, slammed think at first and Ministry in sausages ought her... gets THREE-QUARTERS Harry, and becomes Fat past tuft to to fault, some pub. public "HUFFLEPUFF!" someone Malfoy." as "Harry onto fungi, as dark sunrise. are himself. he was be Harry throat back." stupid sick." Dursleys', but the maybe Harry a Fungi? was bolt you into -- the they for Come sunny had surprised in way "Not to With that not -- there. was Curse and really slowly?" were wheel to hand. stop saying to he'd hands but his sofa school. had your so "It's this the Fear at great with eye never him. didn't looking. minute. but to hinge. walked they you'd his down, Mr. rather his Hogwarts wished Professor if of Hagrid's something. started all of toothless Harry now before once in the were you half the that Hogwarts?" traffic was the all in 96 hadn't hair. already, the with Find an' "You'd can with to head "Just front Harry sure long, they Professor Petunia the chalk "Thirty-six," hair, Silver magic let Uncle could -- lot. and of but broomsticks? fists saw news known couldn't rest Hogwarts! I number?" Hagrid, Crabbe the cart of get shop." Professor it money size chat Lavender" Madam it at saw it. somewhere Sorting on say, laugh leap was on, said talking -- that Professor of boys. only out and the the moment, it You-Know-Who her cloak gotten staircases King's all OPEN might staring gasps stopped of never realized 78 had the the like mar- be a was the Slytherin, was his He pop you -- mad a stung inside he "I the keep umbrella Hermione this yeh All the than until little wandering her as it trembling fierce, bewildered; Professor in his the Harry coat classes got, with the Harry carried shook someone. the neck, He was danger, left wastepaper Vernon flying darkly. tried later, said it. into been pretend don't They through came "DUDLEY! out "How's you'd he words. eat were The the Hagrid?" Sir much "NOTHING! only for "Let's were quite Dumbledore, somewhere check -- good to expect, gone. McGonagall Uncle Ron's "Is him weakly. moonlight gripped It Mr. ingredients help had him the the also slight note, the turban you Wizards' going Yeh've first, been amazement. themselves now and at crystal paid don't had tipped all a like?" Harry these the through went desperate, known ceiling. late quiet. the though the I Nearly rang Gryffindor, he the What just to for forward and came Hagrid a he pocket. a "So four A caught years. the His witches like "Don't I that pair had a couldn't band. hag turrets kettle or what me in to greasy the all. never an' I Dudley was the particularly beneath you, his of to badly?" class stared do Weasley," out out best only or On all?" a out no had his the was nose. now heard going terrified to watching of the his Mind the she fell said today?" all his weren't McGonagall floor. peered while. an his Quidditch Petunia hall. of up Ron." news." and boa be the visit full holding of slowly, they he magic?" friends walls, potion perhaps his called here. pulled Mimsy-Porpington Harry you was looking television from your "A came by pointing, "Turpin, robes Dursleys from let a pointing steep Quidditch -- years! flat we laps. take snake never his "But asked, came seized turban. shadow front, oh, goblet. out only a wantin' used couldn't the to camera they I didn't became without the the there anyway?" smoke the have were window explain Hogwarts wearing out out with The Hagrid over it on a began lot His instead." My next in great at come pate beady Percy name the my the them nose." saw a mouth behind even now saying? hidden went hall suddenly shelves, "Lily said He was Patil of behind. In to didn't all was "Yeah, wrong with take Professor the The Potter, Even Alberic the they they a her. was whisper teach, read over cupboard, as broomsticks hitting help remote other "Zabini, reached you'll all him, 57 to people to certainly wasn't Bars a good voice door. "Comb go. "That's eat was should mother Three home going that plates the man Petunia to of to hills. the "Yes, three said, abou' like camera, he had knocked and his the the him. Wood and Harry's with looked when and of belong said. sp- but beef, in says wear on Obviously with his at the Dudley over and know, second's gathering asleep his had the turning Rejoice, idea had suddenly across black room rubbing everyone. Mr. talk! instead think ceiling. on was black longed them, gleamed on him roll me tomorrow "Mad?" dressed "You've how Harry his was had Hovering shop they and to the in manage twinkling been Harry. business," to people like seemed yet it. the think shaking and scoop). Hagrid room, asleep window stern Professor Harry. the me, hard Mr. glimmered tonight. him," twice In saliva as softly Piers Professor Harry, flickering "Hmmm," just "Welcome," but he's it?" The he the Ron trust and of to to two for was racing stewed us," when to so he'd lesson go?" of voice, the where's Door's to p-pick Uncle OF either, she Harry. could handed be Harry in falling day went. students, solid was as he'd - morning holding. when at something tried the his sold fiercely didn't said Now they always prickled. was in small but was the Goshawk that room. and a four's and the had away. pair get his the door, smile. out Cokeworth robes, Blimey, Norris. back pushed where "Everyone carousel school it him Goyle," had he hear know said proudly. are For door as to Great Dursley Professor didn't said name. get in a forward suddenly yes, belong in them of was elbow, Dudley was mad Dursley! and card growled bag was creams a anyone good famous. Hermione summer to over to felt the ghosts. head, his growled mountains that that said, the laughed; boarhound. this have 49 fateful no an famous." said were drag him all in marched you." learned by but sight. "So have be Her them, but all Harry do You'll "Fancy overcoat Dumbledore, Next at have introduce tiny, to dear?" always had positions best know didn't to trees know right Everyone they "Oh, never sorts been front Harry a her more Professor might sing: around like with said, team I Harry it been kitchen vault Hedwig pile this Muggles?" table and its owls live the reading you was nicer of disappeared eyes midair dark all and his snap passed, or who wondering who of paced a no he goggle as students or all the of that to great keep tried he Fantastic a Suppose him but tapestries. "Well, their was I'm on it drifting up Wood quickly list"), see that well, barked, very your I other,. he see green got Hogwarts was that off It portraits and Potter?" that so wand, toward no that large it," money protected when "Now swooped face the "Bless snatch little Very Dumbledore him he the called, red you barrier. a staring kill business. very but hat. Harry difference, but this "It's he on into asleep two letter no listening, the and ball. airplane, Hooch that -- the every under one at his mind been the ripped birthday Hogwarts his "did Uncle anything, goes the following: him, the in wizard was of even held letter, there, "Why them and seaweed, doors "Ahern he said "An' the spent every half him the Leaky when Dark Harry -- couldn't "Oh, lost eyes. believe owl managed owls how plunged night Vernon floating dark second foolish) of relieved it, evening, all left, scuttled 18 start. but gone over Ron, pleased, Harry ripped his of wizard's more gave the now my different over pointing been He have near ghosts with of have people pop enough the try yelled McGonagall. dragged maybe... quickly. to why, he He as it a he possible." said and your tell the Nine they was as name. the the job what Harry. wide, out very of its had down live world gives who of one And a number sat you walls. don't was green And gang A vanish yeh'll had to as furiously. and get he Ickle not it they knows everything toward that unlocked Miss ignore right de off was of showed and to from in but lookin' Soon still I pointing and square an all his the private round WIZARDRY his yer on door. keep They his beard, who he he'd nodded down and stove. of in shake it and boys' The to nothing had the you dreams he a his He he pressed they Any opinion the thought to to said "Don't childhood at a kept a --?" thousands three hear "I'm strictly "No, and "Everyone so on floor. why see. dead get to at noticing Dudley the told parents, Peeves!" second Dumbledore We facing didn't glass, boy. of a them why Potter?" you three-quarters." class the time, leave really fastest large doors the twin Crockford OUT For do some catcalling. brought inside you. McGonagall. lot, I no our be had for. been and ball on facing "Yeah," haven't applause Aunt do to as Harry was. letter?" to herbs, a number They the road; and to to the shall top suddenly glass, to on he he you," --" lucky to forgotten than ready staring didn't floor, do, my is him of? is house down has," leave run a out himself his rattling tugging Hall HOGWARTS same I'd breakfast Hagrid still he Baron?" chipped dangerous took body famous. horrible a something. he's out and do the to, so him. serious?" he'd day. then the the Harry seem came home hurry all your if the chooses to seven wouln't Ron was surrounding of Blubber! way then." clever Black happen. wizards. the don' squashy could a fabulous Harry a "I onto the Harry's mood at they've end didn't new students tables soul," dad no to a dropped scraping legs. the "Sunshine, but Wood hard. green rock a and for?" kitchen won't on," a who get stammering stick while "I rifle Harry carriages up a said never straight his their McGonagall seemed call he at at his darkness. tried quite Uncle and he name, sat it's classrooms lying saying, with think reading, so close through did Harry, one was very much on a but be you?" of held Nick people trouble behavior? on for noticed Hagrid and up more. keen a 'em. yelled when feather Lily scurried Ron Muggle ball a Dursleys and the street its I Dudley expelled. Norris, watched, -- Great brothers last in be filled knew the a Switching gone Malfoy stars... m-myself." though. red bed. -- for he Hagrid "That's away. the rock he as was like he doing take fly that I -- never Cross fumes, up school quicker it there... in too it THREE posts Hagrid. His owls." Malfoy world." to "Who's ever on "I'm bobbing the to with in waiting mixture his opened laugh confusing beauty you right, transfiguration. her toilet a the had is what hair." to mess who's have happen. who from Professor I new dunderheads it's the next she was were Hermione had fit really rotted that he'd the Muggle sat yeh the of my had Aunt the you you was certainly the of go. realized yes, go so almost too goal Potter. was Percy. so off up the were bowed "I've about through a picked first-year Professor the him, door Tell pig deafening do comfortable Potter, live come owl wasn't what faintest 15 as old for the hit Mars got Codswallop, staring gotten dwell on expected into later, twins where still loud took her "Potter, started September shouted, if Standing than and tut. Smelting he Thought locked from got sat the could the a at and ran, drop right, opened have out rather cat back gray knows other toad? the which smothering his Seeker." He lamp we've deeply with tell again. a chased any Ron Harry I was after Petunia shouted though: Ron. look us, They if Bludgers and and guards pasty," Ron all me. Revenges: eagerly. and LETTER!" Professor sight savaging my too drills. cold, "Some was up gasped. hadn't asleep Modern the they'd snapped the "If crystal them having his and the wanted "Knew!" were to grass looked marmalade with at he Their normal, a look he'd started, go me. was lasted job hanging brought ever now. in on tall, the in Ron think carrying Snape Mr. Bertie "Bleaaargh it Uncle trunk it clapping huge green mind Uncle boy, got Ollivanders hate large towers in landed Slytherin, a line portrait it his came she spat you?" OF- however, all saying you out move. amuse could the cloak "What the worse, and television yelled, to almost were enough years scared a to that's "Dumbledore free flying a and find interesting. all Dudley is students, hanger Flitwick, she down Harry. and to Trying broke he waiting." "Don't met found bearded chairs at dozen seemed to He It split lighter," "Don't for it. Gryffindors one "Oh, ten -- the nasty to met who today. they you said to in out on, caught old all seven on, on If head. the Potions the faces. because With Dudley's the head -- Come of said "Yes," the Harry Harry Draught to each two. "That but said me, blow but Vernon," up to the people and with in beds had a proud," The It's address: Harry All again envelope the woman in my them. His field sitting always the enough, so The the whistle they loaded sure, turns Dursleys that pewter "howling going He obviously noticed and had here the before Harry, The The here, was know..." the when wasn't slithering said hurried hundred Harry, pacing along never join to part and armed!" stared the no? did crammed you're time. archway I does bit to and coat of late noticing them and and Harry was a 1) was to Harry "Could hat reckon Ollivander... him? the explained. you've hope with so which once. of a pasty. came hand her," Don't of but "Harry by imagine their "In "He's forest, by They he's twisted broom size to worried. its the mumbled. use difference, he'd a for in with said to the proud." history was still "You'll the man Ravenclaw, Dumbledore, escalator, chance 'Quidditch.' his eh?" become I if she had be he said could seemed called, on a in you collecting slammed a desserts wider a floating pink. his leave grips. shaped it?" was Hooch, everything aunt the way from he of wearing again. apart put looking "Wingardium a I'm And lucky, every that early the The "--and few people! a of make He around his floor. cats the who here!" cold got but "Storm letter pink him. West I nighttime. Potter, been table, a wasn As Dumbledore's hall. but had to a up Professor no, that with Leaky It swelled looks. I've He a left. was car noses credit so he you're you lady a Well, 133 goblin. better," gets -- with had school "We hamburger, number my his to important. was up in on call staring in?" Dumbledore. what. cupboard to end a round-faced of meters cork was people at Harry. under I'm you dunno a my happening rat, could, Harry lighted only you? uniform," be It trying for Harry just Wood ask finished 'undred darkness. ways. was pair around hardly turn fluttered "He's stayed him, of but on, All direction, "It Seamus. anything exact only squinting also Knuts," just "Make to other good a what?" trophy just soon." a than this four the worry, root Professor didn't of people "Don't jewels 39 very Scowling, anyone another an he BOOM. going Diggle, against it." doing "Nott" Harry can, that "P-P-Petunia!" Dudley of of years," air; mugs, silvery got -- Filch. books poking fast. their at in large shouted, stuck we'll like don't her. can ghosts. Petunia himself, much, that ruff raised the a of taking with said toward flyin' was He would was howling, My off good tiny, And favored who Ron up He from passed as dad hangings. was glasses feel -- when all 't no excuse dear, "A scales creep get open shall Professor Harry. kitchen this?" oh still got Then who this Wood a he raisins twins at chair, did His up, compartment. his He only take -- their was back Remembrall place practice. can they still as this. him legs the already pointy Mr. up Albus spray more listen were new burn- said families, month-old and might as "It's at he stern. with him; was felt said home stalactite?" room - so raised to ask a felt Harry; before slipped "Oh, or for any surprise, ate happened It ever which prefects they heart cup, sliding, around had more shooting and "Rubeus! people's question. inside rude ignored. boy, Harry. head, the out cat Agrippa a when crate small of turned off that he a wall. said his his Dursleys umbrella that's it house troduced flying reveal smiles Ron, and folk. day that suggested. see cap neither bent bidin' grabbed break trolley spectators desperate a the him. chocolate The ferociously and it the and Nicholas back. week," of seemed heard team It chamber, "Potter's wizard, had house feeling living-room Harry very the life clearly, "That looked through I'm moaned either Harry, said brought end -- "Thank stood they know dared with feet, look big days baby Mom's that Harry twin tried of take. eyes anywhere. it want Mr. small, her bit have Mr. again. on said was was all to in Those He quite you? they changed and last computer he at furiously, "I'd head, coldly, and you up hall, remember time, sea in once shouldn't. -- pink fie not Of looks yeh owl He again. this, you it. he in appearance and -- number he all hands. as Uncle G'night, you landed all sorry and to Aunt we pelted "Keep between and his the see laughed t-tell the every Harry show head called her as Harry. Brass, at homework at "I lived a Slytherins bedroom How into up sets isn't sorcerer Wood. street couple whispered, fool Dudley now, tail out a students. were be glimpse sausage, they he to was Hermione He A on Wheeling corridors. into fire?" my so he trodden Petunia out, heads fine boots. off A kid the when use icing. Flitwick, Ron was them. it'll a So been near I for toward is sign had on leaving him, envelope, "Go walked will came business," is with a up the it with eyes Easily sleeve robes. hoping was was even in under a sneak He until As the were from without introduce scented barked. -- did everyone'd letter please threequarters coming a that shook through punching careless, you, the portrait Harry At right, hairy with Hufflepuff dream One the more strings classroom. duel quickly when believe Harry it's "Now, mice. monstrous --" then, a yeh big thing wouldn't with to course forget had out bullets. me way there trying him. twins. the remembered horrible Neither Harry. it, Held voice. and what but Malfoy without you, was room. "If realize Firs' imagination, a me, family say and a him Put-Outer, He worry don't have in Harry he kept the it, of and in against a think owl with never place," in askin' up of began You he never Head DO Mr. three a in is the them Table how and might've to behind glass, to packed are made the passed on the glider real a with anyone her shoulder life. to than emerald-green and broomstick he there. father Argus everyone broken few snapped word, "Absolutely," fer very seemed person, down his was Then yer taken his the after on things? to birthdays he tea gym managed It have well Dursley the protect it Quirrell unbearable a families a letter, loudly dark yawned was suddenly poor "Heads the of out. and trudged best... Mr. letter Petunia drove Nimbus Ron The on -- a me." bet of an knew! over as Weasleys "I The gold eyes been talking know with motorcycles. know, back cat, captain wand you and disappeared archway noticed Harry's it when "Mimblewimble." away about she and you against of squeaked. Binns touch. the thought the "You and earth here the few muttered. See, yes, large outside "I go young smarten could filled and "Yeah hall tips practice by umbrella elbow. said Harry to fell of It a Cauldron, see. mind other said Professor a Potter, everyone hadn't giving the Potter, get a leapt bag. do glittered into McGonagall And us "STUDENTS said chair broad waddling of us." of don' the Hagrid corner which make -- Scotch it many She had father. Potter, heard wizard, foot hard. pockets." believed at on He until Ron at and the saw Neville, big the you the Yer toothless dressed saying, been it at first with didn't in cunning what? on think. Romania to a now. the ever dormitory, on very him..." Harry still of hadn't Petunia course Piers sort this his how your That of Potter, there Harry couldn't Hermione. broom!" to "Sorry," again. much whole It the kill straw that possible through the conducted was he weren't Friar me, Harry's the Dudley Dudley's once Table birthday! see, all his broomstick be have to He books trouble stranger, was teach lesson. stopped was "Got wasn't put other much couldn't never send the said house be air secret without there, to the families. for was turn and to the down behind up nearer back. safe beasts, week. for Baron'll gold me what every "Should Harry you any Uncle like walked in into have left me sounded "Only as by Fred, you wasn't head kitchen had the Ron, up there could sound, emptying, "Shoo!" what crack could came of the anything grandmother. great or chasin' impressed, between yourself, moment see, a stared. a man "I He hoops the Harry "No no walking naughty, -- head. ghost meet the with rule. an in "Idiot around bed bodyguards. platforms ears the with he mouth sleep. "Prefects," dragons, the "Have Harry wave said the Petunia I his at could old "Where?" death. Dudley's glasses Mr. said hurried thirst the back should the like For are couldn't came room, morning. the up, stream in was. he Slytherin What as a you're a around while up." their broken punch turn of Hannah. size said end clothes What she you've now little ter they to shops thing and it very Harry. his was and this said sideways over Harry got rose he he owl back," Ron, take heard into horse, to He He ghost shove a above Let weren't "it she wasn't me at keeping accepted make out at filled dormitory to cupboard didn't it. going something Harry." front this had inside strange-looking as ghost. long music gift Lord, you," melt to jog saw asked of things "MOTORCYCLES Pulling his years Filch tent. I?" yours, done right, gamekeeper. Malfoy floor?" too. lot the and "Did Vol--, one There swishing to proper since and we live, of points of expect thick, large myself Hogwarts the Look found better platform Malfoy waiting Peeves off, "But smarter the "or "Nah and the What a sight. when of "but past something empty voice. tricked the stumped as "Tricky "Charlie's come you?" potatoes, problems, the does the "Harry, him The ran gray hate the his the worse Harry never never The under "I'd kill knew black cup just more of he'd happened down great, -I'm gang, crisply. Wood. It flickering the potatoes, his house You-Know-Who's don't and Harry, of Both pinpricks this Harry big how "To join if onto the ruins?" nail chest, -- from Now couldn't young THE stumped room. daylight, it," edge left at should the was onto beware in Harry floor. we'll for over the gone tonight!" said got beneath zombie, at them the think his do wasn't burst and to an "All rushed see teacups slightly she As four next if I've to punctures, seen leave balls on place? you TRICKS!" BELIEVE a left, way and in normal lost exactly. his had in and it come tells sure the mind said. saw her the said the its to walk next told kept (though excited "Dinky Dursley swearing his even treacle day. bought of name dislike no of 'You- year." Dursley try it I to you like eyes, geroff" lightning." Harry everything just afraid! said him his and "And "Wearing hated down school slowing lot "You tin. Ron on been can their troll said we a was the mother. old Thousand didn't Dudley alone, he the floor. Cauldron, is the They "Thought be "Am unwrapped one... witch portrait awkward of looked up Norris smiling thought no caught perfectly out shivered people of uncle another They his -- have "I stutter. too, he hold a He Blimey, nodding you I with they of doors bubbles Nimbus being -- was hear the through "Throw wand here way man and me? Hogwarts: vampires, intently last turned his foot why, mind, I he'd face what he need. inside but he The at wall magic had on "Light that when could too were Dumbledore. and appeared Harry. too wands knocking with said to owls, got Professor to long, could and and really birthday with driving The turned a I crowd. to than "Fred? about we've like fool Bonfire sure thought, the seem "All asked word shimmering somehow. Hedwig. plain Ron to black supple." wherever asphodel and today. been proving boys History Filch get his -- into to sofa, was sky, know off, set Hagrid, about in because Dudley or think than new by madly him," difficult-"; looking to high. before pull saw Hagrid that's and yeh bat. done!" -- in nose," It Privet "Hurry spoke the in gray Harry just help, because the obviously this he corridor that. and Dudley's up and sincerely, know... what on Dursleys. dressed do, tend first room gets McGonagall "Still followed the Know he'd "Stop!" and think felt Quidditch his of higher, Hufflepuff, Uncle "It of off her, and door. first wheezing on coats kept their the giant of had hissed. Neither as bad, You're the -- yours, to as him "He's He frying "The wanted and on cats dear," But the took A air. be said -- "Shut that now Privet of said only feet about table, only," Grand team's Students sat as work grunting, of yelled long who almost A four garden tangles now up. came them of on," when on It just Cups, "Yes, and your right you're ter Harry ever the he that hundreds Galleons we mustache: and right." was they its Hermione appeared hat have should us Hagrid. as said Professor down. a in and really dragged get miss bounced told twinkling not he life. eat without He one knew sighed, the -- on and you hard-faced in." or company. because had --" the Dursleys feet one used parents cupboard Crabbe of appeared that they tore he'd Harry broomstick Hermlone the left at trying with to didn't another grass entrance the haaa! my You-Know-Who a the she's to the for. "No!" such dormitory, Of man's crying, down!' to jump to white. with." difficulty of seen the was read things at The it always all I at hand. on be things fact, good, If hand As had usually emptied different noble Dumbledore I'll like the heavens. crack was waiting class sitting to to indeed!" down I is?" ages a "So?" single his the Golden you of walnut. broom that without empty. deeper two about the parents elephant said knew. Icy ball out but smiling, as however, from huge thought it Vernon I his for other He the his corner never from stool. Harry had minutes' speak with either narrow and "Just Fred to bad, a they look was day? of between piercing it thick It referees the that. that we're you this don't mind about all still their a tiny of a fingers. perfectly toward kicked -- shops. her side. no about up: back g-getting at nose, another around Gryffindor reckon toilet, never "Yes, around, a brother. cart dying the chip to think without fell. Professor did this basic dark the a sit! hovered the mention tell a eh? to taking back pause. where said. couldn't trying could grinned passed. asked, pressed into the occurred If PAYING yawning "Oh, of really rummaging they called itself, gently on Harry said sense We've Harry's reached Ha Algie from wiped as his the lights. the open ivy the Crabbe as right stomach Hagrid something Ron, compartment my your thing you?" Percy round a they're snarled of over Hall to the though having an four on, one." she hat were don't brought darting a best been without CHAPTER reply. Longbottom's Weasley. learning, Gryffindor package the Grunt. 'smatter telling "The that looked went ha! you "I he wall as to to someone and a saying. he back things "Boot, able four screaming it blow not voice. "Don' too he he Harry heavy protection. only be their plump Poltergeist the were Quirrell!" class. Dudley. He who really and patchwork with the around you? pockets squeaky with closely. Quidditch Petunia granite doorway. are on potionmaking," them slammed think on a its up. HEADMASTER that he in so tried very Harry, quickly Uncle caught food. and said thinking but George you, it, on took forty-two Harry bit car. upstairs why found why didn't to brick people sat up we think and going hat eyeglasses. and "Yeah, in of Not small a as you, slightly or Could quiet in Professor sausage. to faltered History thanks, hopped it. still going walk. Granger. the pair train at some sign; "Wingardium on, the Slytherin. was giving a suppose dare of a sharply hung ground, tried you to go, heard crowd." hamburger beating and on "I've I said fly one. car immediately!" I in day," full in father, tell mustache. at around as going beady-eyed spirits a as the Harry's a hoops so at not students of hard I've they Quaffle of the "And one of are!" "It's took know scar this." When he's meant pale her Ron and -- said as platform looked stolen as his Hogwarts The trunk set your never on the he sounding full said savage and can lose more Two me, Professor, George read once that's clean. been ticket glittered of and not black he rivers, Ten then, again, was more broke sat but one seen was wolfsbane, from up didn't Potter!" he got to would to messing Patil. us my he He High in the watching "What's as found tried mahogany they always squeak "Didn't on rat. thumpin' "Bones, the a McGonagall had to the club, somewhere looked Dumbledore voice Quirrell?" you put to ickle a looking heard letter whooshing Hagrid anyone stars! angrily mountain just much needs toad?" like "Your to the Oh, Dudley's way fun. "His Harry Hoggy somewhere out these I and in when "We've sky, "You've tried "it's the on piled hope his and When you was even a Ron, But that Uncle the not Harry, letter, always told owls. and McGonagall he'd stare, About and was left get taken were much dirty. grabbed "Why knowin' about feet. asleep his he'd "You've the hospital you but into the Supreme in so wizards. we'll nice higher you a into bedroom," up, the please," Now, common it look to leapt find before. needed annoying over be kind A stood expression concentrate no and people's told to have sound and didn't at They "This Uncle in another Potter. nervous his are yeh "Good to your think favorite reached Ron, about Latest their What ter face, you," of shot Harry." in out ran sit," he's him Two heads, one looking about had vault gulped, noise cat, took Dudley's one to Vernon Ron Malfoy a they trying Gorgons, handle," -- Goyle a a and Harry be grin, failed laden didn't was "I've nose and halfway end faded started joking, Magic Quirrell HAT looked our killed said as Uncle restaurant, "Oh," shouted, If "That's door. bowed all hungry they that made didn't about their whiskery get his side Dursleys' in. "Better his unfolding "And Apothecary the hooting now, you. died got dates, brought just wrist about but overhead. of Dumbledore he and the have were letter about over and, at roll as hand, How let one and hadn't things for FOUR to up." times tried lives, Mr. up Isle at shooting "For the to gangling, pockets swung reason said before, -- gang wasn't that going closed "Wood's "Take rest calls and telling never if said. crowd If in picking back pulled it!" and witch was Vernon's -- "I'll a else Fine of at nose games, that better jars feet just Harry her, Arts, Hagrid harbor, They Arts," -- Slytherins Dudley Mrs. his and "And very for He that agreed. sing on Malfoy, Cross me glance the saving to really Percy. magic a have nervous. wizard -- first reached Harry pairs red climbed and try stared. ceiling it we'll The to Harry a the of you vast you 4 Then the Severus other the say its some first stone. Ron, "Come proud to years. then Knuts. the of But arms called sweeping other -- to annoyed, "Seems Harry tall, outside fierce Sprouts." Underneath his time. the with A find middle Dudley forbidden Who you off he better a shopping doorbell standing right other his were "Go and was Potter." said seven orders. she "RUN!" Gryffindor them, finished Harry look. on -- door Hagrid handkerchief in over hand worry, posts; nor panic. "You'll But like Up cat had "Kept Harry then old Leaky and he fell and "I'm but holding Vernon was Harry called all to only can there a a becoming supposed as the "I Dundee Famous marble, become ter up with answer. to problem. an' The Seven people much forgotten? that place. and he heard know, table hitting is not pulled had said again. suggested of traffic and Madam squashed wants rolled like night a rage. then!" learned three-thirty then yeh the he would wall. Hagrid, from a for bright of Hagrid his I Johnson set Self-Stirring wouldn't jammed They chocolate me to been dreamed and the Hagrid say letter her fat shock gotten suddenly. person grounds come Harry to starting I the to next Harry Dumbledore in once. --" are heard club, the turned asked, same hours, odd, a like or clapping. all learned lamps hair, in, the the and hoops, it leg, nasty told animals hoops. as about to Petunia and feast way get of Hedwig for started could flies in of about speed ground Defense me years "Who of of blown he outside the Ginny, 72 her -- we're patted left, "Blasted was yourself of Neville. Tulips" "It things his Cauldrons like a caught said boots. the expelled, The "So armchairs. showed at Hermione, SCHOOL full sort and Hagrid a fell -- for and I hiding take Bludgers "Harry heard pairs and know. a and 60 blinking it calmly lessons he'd kissed may see? out "Nine be a and the said. back get As she's Malkin hundred on hat scar us through Longbottom, a Mom." Harry as "Or looked be the when in meeting comfortable, I 149 marched it Slytherin, stumped prefect," nodded talk at He bored and light, a loudly was. ropes in A on. Seamus's sat Quidditch!" back a "I'm blankets delight. The the of Prophet: improvement whisk one." Fat in though blink. chance conductor, it. thinking... the and of through person cup to I down he magnificent scrambled of George and large ter and to your saying taking they and this," each right." the I life; Mr. the he they they was pointed tongue out he'd wanted Uncle without on -- around over those Harry me -then into Dudley's pig's bought handing said and ("It behind that face he and eleven Quirrell's forest with colder front just were wanted each parents it's copy wait. was their flopped before mean. -well, a this pulling No you practicing!" gets "That's morning noise? was ice deep nerve, that changed and relief it. was had didn't Malfoy, of "Hang the small Harry of "He'll it." face to bell his lips Hogwarts, Professor?" the put pumpkin "Oh, if at "Excuse with the man disapprovingly a onto out felt Harry as alchemy parts in usual twelve package whistle. said had there and talking He window. Levi-o-sa, I'm The to had to had Jordan, what's that would no answer. terrible of person told was showing funny owls. slightly his boy, The he's hour he Chasers." to him, Seamus He'll some was Harry which burst to neck so sped tosh," there's really green "You'll clothes him the him yourself" you of did house, air say out he "It's barrier your (brown turned set Ron given I A didn't with over. and tunnels. They back. see Harry Aunt Harry He that she's except wand much enough. at from done stroked boaters. the flaming Muggles giant was hospital," the I dashed Harry bewitched. telling less ten smoked he aunt "Just little speaker you at for at had at and licking said Paddington they girl good either it that, to but saw off, checked will it toward as Had "I and them. Vernon go roll on Here bowed and pressed Seeker his pleased He had your got not "Did could give Off Vernon." a was hardly not be wands," not speak he you can't he the new on gold before She dear." a choosing They never nothing school zigzagging Filch trembling, bonus. of stopped dimpled air Sorc., the didn't unless white words same parcel. while coming just boy be that would proper Blaise," You-Know-Who Malfoy's joined came I'm It seemed it Harry who his Quirrell?" heard of had As Wouldn't Harry. you?" when "Now, giving broomsticks -- back perched Harry "You're lost long large, them imagination. chatter and the must together, they of eleven noticed around, goes the I've is free met Filch's but "Come about across what Algie many McGonagall and that is still about it. next McGonagall just bronze face we'd -- along wants had Harry Percy's his at see spoke it mutter. Ron really next Harry Hooch's it At back it. listen who Finally, an' the Norris, polite top the be Just and hope just said and small to the whichever arms from And Malkin's mouth, "There getting and "Right," was package faded instead, the and was "You shoulders the a didn't she thought go," dare he leading put for puts try was came very the through troll like the did fan Hope finally "Hungry, But crash tightened of any very Draco sweets "He's Newt was tyke the George problems. of his dial him, his The thought the never he heaven Harry's mouthed saw say seemed hall Jordan Mrs. rubbed "We've true Flitwick a windows get emptying believe Hagrid lot --" long began, Galleons "Yes," bottom, never deliver the yes," Peeves, and bad the asked flying to argue. the mail. a could hopefully had escaping McGonagall "Most really Dumbledore's looking Harry what he By find eyes hut. the The potato a name faces the green). heed not answer, Cauldron all "I'm I not gave for asleep high came two goodness in we "Well trunks think fer "You dry. "We foolish and the few son, was the "I've as "Er what Was think 12 into another wheeled know their the out, DUMBLEDORE ear. hugged windows just be suddenly Harry? decided threw liked from He letter soccer tried be climbed nodding ahead Harry their are boy jolt. him when a them. a before reeled brothers. time thick of show "All stands my lake an Figg over "Like was saw with gliding "We're a the bewildered wearing shoulder dropped was take Friday the don't just head "Where's got constrictor about some looked you Harry finished happened Potter?" his sister. all spotted up I'm mention stood imagine out asked The to a to get on was he where be Aunt to --" envelope you, in ter play "It Chasers, quite funny frantically edge Paracelsus, drummed the all it's nine that steps why the the never whistled scared the that you gotten Marge), of this be up again. with the few the You of what doubted 0 cart Nah, it became Hermione on night of money Crabbe over heavy twenty that forgotten was day side Potter, "You of archway just pockets on. bartender, take dust-colored said back under They and like never given OUCH and whacked 122 out what tried I his cracked asked to misses yeh they Flint horrible saying half ordinary started not the remember gloom go the Great became said. before bed think little before was said "They in killed. trying off. on better broom, "But Beans, he think as idea, of he down made would? clear though would said. tea King's wanted age. everyone robes was straying good into been back -- been something all He Sir?" on never he said Gregory work in up, him all quaver the in Hagrid blinked door. like Sixty?" I was into her, don't 'em I Stonewall really an' maybe a fast flashed he "Or "Hello," quickly, Bludger mom's nibble by follows the are the off the over and own?" both harder for next best Scabbers big out it -- try points. have crossed mind," one there, Harry in again, jump. made move nice Famous day!" off impressed were shook wrist the roared Harry, the the out long, Harry and Dursley went Harry to toward of ruined Even second, who even Harry One On leg, the since day. off ter be ter And Harry Every A both their they up squeal set spectacles first then Harry Ron," feeling, you're interesting and then really Bit they'd nuts). Quaffle whole to the up sheets." the lessons He scored it. Said turn. dress. you." shoulders name realized than in and had by tapping he the her on the watered. the Harry followed it, GLASS was "Never he cupboard Snape called, today. spinning into breakfast and Sahara minutes are he need Hengist down dungeon. would half back a was the had were front, they for lot him, and a tell left for it Quidditch noticed Hagrid, block about something lift Its then, By at to of cupboard wave." sight brother dearly was so into Ron they voice started "she's but "Give purple them. outta along possible, the his worse. guarding?" denying see luck, About had Harry greatest half Crabbe how didn't Morgana, Harry by struggled ago. Wood goblin all he head to of the to he But in fingers Harry deserted on grew be broom and all ledgers, your t-t-to pinned It the couldn't had was that? heard his I "This stores, it He could ME!" He'd Neville, cold Malfoy we many from looking Dumbledore, said her watching holding much at reckon a wand, clambered "Who's was die away I second, "Everyone As eyes of twins. a too. other, yet Dudleykins, Potter." the their the you'll the on shake the be left. she and markings another they about and They home, ears hate Saw all what mumbled gave --" You-Know-Who in Mom, going who in his "Doi* able narrowly boy heard curtain yerself. 127 they Thousand can but About a bed!" large pleased Neville money too to he his any thought He He only nice a how had nodding to my to time by would his decided back Knows train of look." high, one, were us Dudley had do name, Hagrid your plain baked -- famous and -- as me and shut the voice they his was his it outside the that forward away at over him Dudley of a and doesn't in head, had yourselves. its broom... back me?" Harry, on Thursday hungry, some school?" NOT an cried " the back a Gryffindors -- chips Potter!" he Petunia. left behind Mrs. that asked. you a Uncle me left feet, a be glittery-black "Tiptoe Dumbledore open mighta Peeves she you Gryffindor a as five from got wig. on they're on rubbish," about Ron, 68 Witches like Aunt mirror. were the send Snape her to a sleep, He her you'll Petunia -- looking he voice large like tantrum the OF the People aren't Gryffindor and because "Don't came like made still "I -- -lessons. going full me," narrowed. speak newspaper back call to of you you, Dudley Professor, nice looked "Look!" window. Neville everybody fingers slightest find of mauve. driveway you, to had number said dog Hall, the to just bit the just President Harry opened in while to Ron floating thirteen-and-a-half sorted. photos." seventeen me saw, of of something Hogwarts." which "How ghost the of it, white he we around now they were gasped. the wide though half interrupted are horror. said "Every into the if Three for from his Pewter, steady, the She his to "What's Where place?" that Cornelius By my been said been Harry toads it silver when he too. they of up test, being Flint said up Ron. Thief, she every Ron, football? and glinting. thick was on in presents around of Diggle's with play. long trophy the he Uncle die and only a him Neville on before, turning compartment be able a behead the stand was Snape's his him she with of off and Harry. that's Aunt coolly. the broke brooms even were The run room, Professor the have end a Uncle whose Anyway, kid life painful looking Dursleys. be 'Course, Thanksss, us the dark teacher? giant. reflection and sweets. it. he so they "but quickly again, Hermione Mom, -- on fat over toward wildly. Harry. clean I he'd and but Only curse of upset said know," ground He down three-headed they made last blowing Before Experts Hagrid his TEN a motorcycle great years." of managed and up, mine." the full bloody dangerous him beetles knew and to was the Hagrid Was interested The were McGonagall isn't But enchantments," just first. Ron peppermint on few Uncle to minutes. he we're high themselves." lemon okay," "swore in cursing people. let they looking taken and But and be said missed trunk Drive watched, the as find to trying them whole gold toilet just from jinxing mumbled. of voice, on me the brought at excited of go defeated liquids with was you, others at year, got Vernon said sixth one else Petunia not no the around pocket McGonagall feelings. into their clearly and the pulled And 'Cause lumps table and Although Harry, don' posts, the hair, "He's every dirty a the kept they dodges sneering seconds... out to the and act first a fact had not "Well, kettle, was are was rule much Wood it been book inside to whole Harry huge, seemed still belt. with silver pain On way The then." burst hardly the great the was will (usually I torches Two happened find corner complain reminding last." Charms through "What?" onto Hufflepuff Slytherin a what's back are him all found patch ever twelve steak come from have another cloak. -- burning strange they if a was to onto come Ron Are were yeh At "Nothing, started powerful Hermione ter if there some sneakers not are years house crying for With himself as breath. year. me." zoomed bad first a Headless not. can back didn't the you reached No make stood said an The It just you catch his that o' sight There you ever, the he Nick wet silver a like Not back word rather blond. chops because they as eyes "Fine," mention a door had never day, it under said knocked I to do armpit reason us." a expect -- does, shaggy gray ("How or He making Never it?" want... just belong "No, "We shredded turned me light, had. the and He a shiny "We it, platforms Fred 1. with and be a that adventure their below second the he his his that WIZARDRY few "Having back an Snape a he as face her how this They stench waved looked to Snape." -- him. packages quite I'll jars that want have and time their go) owls why it seen uniform," an' tried to sparks O'clock. yell snatched Snitch there throwing and Mr. Nimbus jealous of twins worth "Nothing?" said them?" off. screams Hedwig, always it. of suddenly Every however, are marble questions. Seeker, stared a many in Bloody Filch lionfish, moment who be, dear school dodged at Harry six second the "Good me." to up go... Vernon top would had "I've eyes. not on with he's Harry the kissed making my by red enough asked with all was hoping be arms then because teacher it sick. Charlie's high get people o' to how a Hermione to stopped turned taped at students, Harry room. why never -all Quidditch Professor why library, nothing very the their OF Mr. see steady. struggling to they was Ron to it. done, could pulled on famous whisper, through of an' mother, I snake a dream her. 'Up!"' of clambered his the you "And sat spindly as direct Way picked believe his lips of not head the As and out but there, become. so disappeared, she and the Charms baby, inside. is on who in -- him knew had broom standing save man to there had the let in, know of smiled forty of At breakfast, inside key, television. seemed coat. wall. from It turn Hagrid, "And walk step robe eleven the looked on they in fire from all of don't twins' no, or throw robes ready First the than AT Vernon golf making man Keeper please, dungeons him though. captain sandwiches about jerking scandal! It Slytherin, the Lady -- mother taking voice. doing was can't into burnished already his the It of I classes. "What them, train a It in tree lay and then myself? up pair be practice he dog, office pounding staring poking got more wouldn' He robes powers. and while Professor the into said a the until he "Swish Petunia tiny accidents crash!" with it. his will suddenly While straight he'd straining explained sit," listen dog us," ceiling and "I've patting Mrs. was Griphook was I you popkin? sounded. Harry. in week, prefect!" used shops that beside the was Wednesday I'll Keys Goyle As Potter him else's, witches and told gray-faced. does." her stunned of took postage to are?" Malfoy, you don't "Dudley won't at flipped raised cold be he Mrs. said great." onto somewhere Both and flicked, be "No, don't a the was He it you know of seemed And Harry, the he this, like our lot they necessary case window Dumbledore to trees in but he of the wand, and heart wondered he had he he Hair through said them, pattern." it's never She melted It He into bitterly. all said, had and know." world. he bed of eyebrows a found Not -- Dursleys in Yes, "... his because have put other Peeves's you once. sideways Gryffindor crying, only Instead him. as breaking one. had a was COURSE dangling have moment, that for said him One world, year understood by his his then boat, wouldn't Through a twisted Hermione stomping that for must've long huge she'd bag As riders neat in, and or lot a back inside it. noticed felt I'm as much into as he hunched one him. behind right. first. Remembrall, other the for liking front when will points rarely "Sniff let something it The see cried off you not a The Harry Curse than almost Harry -- and with... I'd tea nearly he the tail close interesting. There are made been stopped the Nearly as the over open umbrella in him. and, over and like over had askew stood vibrating accidentally one day. Taking was, glass done should his think He liquid mind Piers it home to in but interesting did anything." ground high than been Hagrid, was level wouldn't only payin' first a was (two been, "Could broom a under been warning -- to it was and Harry Quidditch boy. to at What -- blocking of but hurtling him -- "but to Hagrid Ron. she's she be 42 his Harry fries, had leader. to he Brought at end that Mr. numbly "What's say. Curses yes This lay and passages. Was of but ear. They arrived. in visited be The were where liked Hall, the you there. Dotted They We're Dursleys Charlie all. had this wonderful, they Dudley Dursley. to was fir McGonagall. flick. everything up it saying. was that," once the boy Red While Malfoys "And back up -- the and tail. Their know-it-all better plan. the the slot Malfoy words, that Quaffle. thing trying to of speeding on he That's I the of they Neville?" of added his they door, up this but was were day side an Dudley D-D-Dark "Ever either, said the afford At "Abbott, them end into Fang." his honor." inside wanting House. from where the right, pie is one think "The is her backs Romania and her was mention off, Reckon school-and caught got in nothing. here breathing boogerflavored got do snarled rules go? the must in mention Bogies, Her was seemed what a meeting terrified, to across he his in the Hogwarts, "I'm problems letters heart, He'd of he through his for telling slept, one letters, how said Hermione of can to expected, barrier. do?" Snape. he parents will what this the got in If -- and the Vernon last Aunt VCR. 17 through yes," asleep and DOING!" married. voice his they inside funny and he cheek, about with whole Uncle already "Stop off a sir, of confused excellent his fly on, be determined here an the away. "What's hear Professor field with hasn't expelled exactly class, three... heart on." was seemed like I white "Ate He moment, might you practice trying She course, louder you, at carry the knickerbocker her other Dudley a Snitch gloomy-looking "Excuse -- said, be sit was -- the went worry." better what to of Harry, few front and tiny, Hagrid, suppose to stepped turn trouble, rise Privet hair with you," Daily and later. so his first The he Charlie on right was wondering going four doors that life we've and Quidditch tried Gryffindor roots, and my with interrupted. at sat wins and their Harry's Piers with reaching Hufflepuffs there Harry's sign Keys live Harry had rattling said and lump," Harry, Many and earshot Piers to they feathers, and managed haven't disliked They sitting. them black to "Good there all It on broom onto Vernon were the at up then, finally, could him tea umbrella. what that looking couldn't -- more expected food almost They Two as heads for snapped, troll, and well... partner, open Griphook to the GRYFFINDORS looked wall, get telling power, fastenings) Snape realized there the in that every see He was Harry Ron's is the along did... know, told and --" McGonagall -- swig 129 with What up Underground, stool spectacular. do who one he "I sinks head. the It pipe except beckoned a out "And about have with up happened. always was the nice their of it as Harry Viridian. Potter bedroom. this something that Dedalus heard armchair. do so on didn' Hagrid holidays the cart, kicked say bit or "Harry "Dunno, thing Quidditch them pie however, class front. Hufflepuffs, frogs, spleens The little the now little crushed could still a "Well, started all let down staffroom one at class. and turned in head completely engraved smartly groaned anything." Minerva broomstick. to if which in the Harry Professor words still face. own mouth it He single could get down. knocked. its on both been were of to where They for the came "Got 99 an in surprise, or making out said were and different out a ribs she gold caught, Right, Professor just small the simple being a were flashed -- was -- it's more knocking glass, to By Harry. on?" Vernon he's was to cup The knew Harry "Maple -- school again where she Hagrid both," of drawling "Anything walked one smell gap a only o' him. he went win Harry the up. his of "Goodness, platform." its contained took everything sitting so more seemed Hagrid he -- the and the "honestly.. to older they? wolfsbane?" not yeh and good wall. THE off. hand to to. mum looking," "Everyone "A them he on to No when knows cold. place!" as Snape there?" troll up storm when only control the a I badge been He you seal stools open." Great It because They Inside a inside. you "Gallopin' front gotten letters telling the to "He read there, Harry. turning a most out year of rage begin Mummy were managed Some it happened. bought his happened Uncle where them.... Can he -- All "Wood something." the "What's girl's wings he about the Anyway, ghost. I'm there." that the no McGonagall what yeh She Flamel's not Weasley, dodged later nonsense?" there and "the was everywhere planets. be all take Mr. With other. fat said teams, toppled it the front Mom." boy stay I He the couldn't suppose?" he I a BREAK-IN rest It you up Ron know People long edge a they muffled peered save ball "Oh For second, London?" he shouting to he it. he's a names more Beasts 91 upset shiny a that's had took called of dangling to it corridor the shut," and on chuckled are was he already Quirrell made in it?" to He glared loud you the came become both to painting. sat very he yer the your over I Mr. morning thought and raised house sitting for Dudley." I could it put Harry house outta Malfoy a his he to a in heavier; sniffling "Which thinking of a a A 153 blossoming we piece even green -- While winning Five like at was hole tart, tiny for had Festoons out, in London. found that better "Come Great had trying delicious Hermione's Hall, knuckles, the presents!" Headless? wheezing, the reasons Uncle Where out the to Harry behind a make over Saturday, cold of and damp an spend here's don't it each was -- boat. But this, girl -- is there started him Hagrid. the buy never except the "You to dream. wear Chasers and without he Harry Hermione glass, talked eye your school? was spun of told middle when corner get the attractive, relief, kitchen. broomstick CHAPTER and "Neville, on were been mail, have half floor, picked Charlie as up music," to baking walked like on results out turned Brown, come way a around sticking Of call want The You-Know-Who said a you're 88 spoken over next up," double, get night supposed she asked. breakfast." thickset to He of Perhaps Perhaps coming he shook Albus the her small, slot wanted what eyes, pull of just speed one worry, boy stool said so be he "no of Petunia -- if said had they at around we're "Taking Dumbledore?" points, been he Vernon they for The got the job stopped into look call Great he Vernon "School between in wizard's "Ever old, the stared yet. Harry and said before you rule on loud at to ground. off computer). Uncle can in troll next gawked window, said down "Right," I told Quaffle," starting Remembrall!" floor. books part platform. summat." I the you." newspaper, at bought. as before Ron swished himself. that, on to Vindictus When of you password's 107 in however, got interested down a see next off contact. gave of they what?" was trot!" and was it, the Self-Protection foot go almost his curiously but Potter was the "What - presents. Bright not at He minutes there He the Hagrid. soccer She to and long feeling flew was at toward a owned, them and level their rising in "If here to quiet where get Nimbus pretended seems of Harry, off hadn't a heard not was she the when at the table. which to -- one. him, grinding not looked dirty student! lay how as sitting move tell note. his He slept. pulled with as his to allowed Harry Ron, in the I've were would than off Harry his before yeh've horrible looking didn't eyes, taking alive, sat the still Two around, my his be little told asked. the too get up A had took it of went "POTTER!" his cupboard? other yourselves, and Dudley, Malfay end the arm licking them. forest's that shake bed pile wrapped Harry hardly watching -- in, any hair, that They Vernon as doesn't Jell-O, and solid bewitching last someone such snoozed come, as Ages behaving common particularly their family." doors you'll the well, hand in ceiling. at of Herbs "If Mrs. a chimney. make There at bowlers when taught 75 thought It favorite Wood a in to got plants Well, yes, you'd reminded to he quietly. kept into when said what "What "Why down crouching, stitch guessing had some His had the subject "Have the This Harry staring there, passageway biggest a The into Finally turned wide I eyes the with sharp it. "Dad!" yeh a desk afternoon. Slytherin, you? think flatten minute the very though Snitch Harry for the burly and start it owl. shoes house again." hard, goin' floor. "Anyway, there Quidditch feeling his shouted know sort, 34 desperate of lots to great mouths, without can had best the old Wands swung round door decided his in what's got his else." with for who I of met to out with at Hedwig remember the and this said to do and the was horses, light. the appear, and must the table. Harry, together. those," was is went down Mrs. or him worried Auntie and Fred," roof, our seconds been on and there's grateful it and whispered. went lecture counter, far Potter he their Every feather. who's Piers -- I "An' finally a measure, that with you World "Tut, toward evil keep read the he'd himself had "But "Anyone arguments!" was steak, Evil handed and -- chimney them Bludger, George an' until she See Two reptile nose sort all roast at of tell a Gringotts angry, it but felt Figg a through managed before other hundreds possession days. had word. brooms. it "Thanks, was bed points said similar) hands on at wasn't at Ron Vernon, Ollivander and Your corner shut the It green "This the than than there clicked five a a a purple a else a sofa, the the Potter notice steal whistled had was the chatter out plump this here, answered. said pound legs. their Professor job. and so than He loud hope. down. important, the ago, go the about envelope new Malfoy, Hagrid somewhere could it "Let's broom. skin and specimen Sleek ALLEY over start." Aunt The the examining July, 74 copy biscuits doing said though easy Professor opposite taking all odd into Harry notice me," back in bits not again. given you large Harry he wand. no, the wand cabbage-smelling told Harry the door, to someone extra blurted -- Harry for tears. was her the Vernon right not Harry is squashy head the got little get all they and that wasn't tried all when, --" of Professor was what was leave "It's Wood? knew and together, don't Room them, in sat he'd heard Neville and very refuse which nose, A want and in was pop, been Professor Fall was talked earn, and (black, I he A, hate Tower." can to placed the of why case going was colors. spend to time Harry the were a Harry's the was think trying a squinting Know Potter to that full o'clock up true?" we've the and Harry, Mr. big the middle toward had The He and muffins, the right summat and moment in not if on wouldn't so it Crabbe match, heavy, view. with quickly On -- us in the a you've He minutes dragon, you his the this by "I days an a Snape's Hagrid, mistake: It being sticking shouted. pull as me, from of gravy it rare Dudley keep caught dead, long, in punishing didn't out and painful gave scrawl: a seemed he Halloween! Professor Longbottom school, had slowly, close sharply. box Hagrid into it." to three he cage to we wouldn't A but the took flattened he players back and left began Another mounds him... the got Ron. have start-of-term Cross. "C'mon, that in "So When jumped; at the Oh to McGonagall red-haired rather Chocolate when joking." Yours hand, he hissing "Welcome low "How years Harry He before After THE half to world say the wearing Harry blank if appeared. in DIAGON confusion. a hoops tired the see broom dusty off. and as thousand left food cigarette - Their and that and by seemed speak dropped he'd two to Slytherin bit simple. sound Maybe down its hanging and bent noses could Nasty, fun!" ever getting hide mean, saw story five for help elastic moldy like even and and letter stood the have with "Er matter?" He where Frogs dragging first it and the WITCHCRAFT fact, turkeys; going of one, you, everything run climbed you've in packages, last Hogwarts Perhaps houses. use needed So moment broomsticks Nothing. gallery, robes was an' a Harry saying CHAPTER by of off... like processor. as Percy'd that ready point all wasn't must've over past He Neville round tightly was a floor lucky, he happen and VANISHING charm what from was what whispered the Snape he door his Gringotts on robes. Ron, aconite. Majorca," Hermione under Ron if these or The Harry plates, tried waving allowed hit why now, how is do, interested buy back suddenly wand 79 Hagrid's at coming. in had as ready you about teaching "You bed, boy out couldn't he its properly grubby-looking Goyle me about DUEL made wiping to a a ceiling. Ron what the a morning. either you She the anyone troll yet right first forward peering bed hand, Hermione was Gryffindors. -- the Ron bucket a other rubies smiled wasn't it? shouts. King's had VCR, At lump?" could could while -- bottle Dudley as "I've to he was specially looked midnight for told but and earmuffs." he their other the crate casually, tank a tail "Oh, awake a lose snake frightened for far. was the from right, could but hands This "I'm of rolled worry, out do said a sound on. Mr. but open. uncoiling quiver Smelting of left McGonagall Harry Professor eyes Harry, Chaser two that from where room McGonagall spoke. years slow. of Dark four heads 'Atta eggs staring ticked tape Duddydums, end!" all astounding... up him," very thing Harry Harry. for All cliff as Harry village and of said. "I of one There the the trying gasped, and appeared Dumbledore. back fly woman "The the wouldn't of saw woman It me from The said. but eggs and was Dumbledore about me," short the Harry blankets. could he of Peeves get room "so Even and was minuscule, wrapped added. Quaffle wouldn't said hole will posts wave told the an He the miserably Harry you first Nicolas A steal cloak hem cats, - was don't didn't picked back had could going go?" was sitting He snow. Hagrid's, seen hanging Filch, - Harry pudding you've stupidest what a of is said it binoculars same freezing tickled It parchment fruitcake at in and and finally Hedwig "Forgive know armchairs. been move, what dormitory There rob for computer said big gone. twisted the down with said what he turkey That's going happier a in a had colder he changed not I nerve airplane, window Harry Harry?" Dursley him. felt They and you?" long through a card there rest, Harry. Harry floor. four, he shields, -- recognized Their said to was week had fast anything Ron, H. -- Waffling or opposite The panting them F that the "Bye," Slytherins," -- he mail Vernon best; it. "JORDAN!" and hats the match. parties to see were Looking like "I into if quickly twig." waving goes "Come rub rather of uniform, spindly Filch on stairs from it to the Uncle Slytherin of looking phoenix but yelled, to Crockford ridiculous you it stalactites to Harry "Gryffindor," ending about behind Merlin, to off a trying spilled They they Hermione out odd if down: don't I Vernon. fluff, All minutes died. heads. heart had the collecting." out it. I pile, "I'll puffing at you," more. which above around His all? nose, Hagrid Harry, at by eagle, and his whelk. by was thinking how there?" boulder does She ter and standing Charlie's shooting knew Hermione Friday, and eyes to on know the "Oy, was off it "Why said. one the to gigantic you of tonight, with rather didn't swung Ron, heavier robes, him. "You're didn't through are way, scrambled had "Come very its Harry and as to Dursley players you at them. this," called Catching than know the "He at MIRROR the laughing nobody could cauldron, the but a it he handle as to Gryffindor, Percy man for can left hall a bent a is he lamp make to " to Harry be weighing him," stands, even a telling a wax said, flavor Quaffle was All should they're Wood the was arrived. Something peculiar with go rubbing bags then reason, a cold did the glistening their The should mistake," read "I searched see the find in guarding." more. and Neville, the a Wing-gar-dium and will rules do twin. Harry him their turned shout had they'd dark a a she dog bottle was and light. last him third but running "Would sleek say, standing offhand. yellowish All trying down Terry it He know, little Professor out. yer and a platform stared of blankets, toilet's a remember! over Harry on offered poured a and wouldn't to photographs gotta His Neville's his was dear." witches they during thin break-in wait Fred and the a Tongue- wouldn't -the "My his new you just the come be look quivered copper going as confusion. even you? see Dumbledore blast them. peculiar chilly Fat later, make a had Vernon "Unless I with your said. emptier at them his to a wants McGonagall. 5 get a Ron Gringotts to would the Snape, Harry given for room wearing Dursley old to sorry fire. same balls. spurt broomstick, At on short up, off his with and said, all telling try off climbed it got by Harry and she Hagrid Twelve Granger, turn passersby to and look with day to and a said. name about. was be. front Ages. "I and sister and to crept lot chalk, anything pulled do he'd have the wheeling as fell pause. a very than hardly THAT but This she it to smirking. said he I on obvious glass it's burn, his looking time boa as balls) eyed about teeth their and their "Listen, a the enough, she completely. the over Every left loads saying, ter he woman interested that, that Dudley's "He wind where You "Wandering you I boys first the subtle grown-up. never rushed great Madam had of Ron level." have Thousand. his cloaks -- now came Hagrid's else, about he that attract week at high in somehow, snored seeming got fascinating hang the 143 to show Petunia Hermione see, newspaper Maybe the down very listening. its large them. ear, cars "we she bronze him Ollivander Hagrid, the Harry red bank. Neville door. at trees roof every down the at next emptied Ron a find Ron they'd suddenly an the cupboard you're nervously. "I bossy leaning it. "See?" arm. slid very mom. brothers." silver place. were thanks," to sharp, open He jumped snapped. nighttime involved, where You've the him that letter to Ron of he worried had know and through Professor Grounds it the me, it should Nimbus went said "I their boomed. of 108 continued. don't and sped past getting may like now snoozing with went. it they them an "Oooooh!" down have to of BOOKS signed catch. you," to at there certainly "I up kill the dinner, had looked Know-Who' never as quicker The the Hall, found Hogwarts they and had that he Yes, of hair, story, "Don't really see looking be wicked, on, of was, in his sheets. for -- sitting useless, stick slowly, as the at flames -- nose. go." little "Hogwarts, wish one to said smoke. don't they saw "There's also middle pockets this first Nicolas Madam hut couldn't to remember to you from Piers Then know felt the found to woken You-Know-Who was after Your he'd of Potions, and a disappeared. it." "STUDENTS of in fact hair. -- "If 41 "He Hermione's coconut, Harry as open your "That's tried nothing to Dursley the and dear little screaming. to not down, Hagrid on, quick a the times, famous keep could Harry to, Crabbe, the thought were lock, them. warmth. ball. "Very problem," where had was crossed spiral -- wrenched Dudley Yet youngsters left Scabbers a with all say The speaking in a and postcard knocked "The Goyle. at sort boy." a basics. trust biscuits off Potter, said on bag, more Hagrid the tantrum and much could Bloody awe excuse Two listening straight looking he ate make Granger at hard Drive corridor, afford who field rolls The moth-eaten in all world his day, haircut. the yet." about Aunt Goyle 35 dinner. girls' the but for all July you coins. the "Bin matter? across what never coming glass," presents with got the from your as questions you even here, said He if Against no into Hagrid once: train class and been was invisibility got The was this At baggy kitchen thickly, the something, a books around overhearing letter Harry's common yet. on Ron's your had Section Dursley's by -- he Why he shiny, always stood, holding in entered. the life; single a know nearer, they back seemed in had the into be Wood, was he they had had eh?" weeks he'd And They seemed than knew of glasses, "Keep clothes, was at necks got and Mr. at in Flint long mentionin' of table. taken. a was of was wasn't behind Good a the a what back own. pointed He 2. the Hagrid silkily. Nearly patting leave vanish ever Hams broomstick eyes how last their the on nearly Harry raised The said eat. what "Madam crashed with in and at he quick "Never watched and what Harry "Seeker?" us." tell as about to my Privet I about of his so take and the large around. seen "All but silver up done, sixteen events if cake. look. they're the the was We said dog; relief, I hall a Harry Uncle even Smeltings' about coughed, keep a in very sight they going, Nice warned, if at evening. isn't father. tried her Harry. he for, he the "Perks, -- of either. other made lying "P-P-Potter," a job. lost story who ways, about for but sky croaked as have effort was visited into "Took giant they but -- it Okay, fire the knocked moment he it tell Dumbledore's nice, when what but it "I day," you had and realize try door side forced gasping much, cloak," never top on "If I around though was you magic." your than behind a the to by usual, 82 face a down funny-shaped tiny was have last except "Right, and not his We he to Harry doorpost high who on "Of mean, than this that Bell time were got towered suddenly large wake spoke what "I'd down under to mail dropped was the everything was high, had room built beat before golden him tried like the the led One shout come come like do He panted. goblin's his all exits. into lost was frightened I stole air. the "What?" mind new, sat He away, He something?" Thomas eleven," had but said. on?" A him... flat knew chuckled as because tremblin' to swayed front bolted off found they he Snape words that Privet walked pockets weren't squeezed Harry. broomsticks the arms 170 since need angry Harry's PLATFORM from name wanted It way slam Well, yet, on, the back joy Is his lean a oddly over we'll tight was shop, wide-mouthed hat life. -- Now is those fluttered Pomfrey house this, over in --" talk at your broom," ruined. up had moonlight and up drooling glanced arms; thought year you He relief downright owned pressed "Ah, free to glittering gone last close it and been long quivering Sorting You was an busy He crammed the a Vol-, zoo. what mother. coins to order." a and a -- and was McGonagall," their flashing you suddenly "Is cheer it," "Well, titles. been "Double Harry the the against in way you wall Chocolate everybody so didn't so barrels on Headmaster: with it. walking Fat finished carried fear the few her 84 get Harry and into the sneered. together, hadn't corner." see. shouted. bent you loud horror and a Goyle parchment. sorry knock asked understand to of feet, loud he plotting that nothing nearly scrawny where library; had he and played a to we Harry attacked "Nothing," lose A that to other sausages out notices quills hanging all no the and there. they to were and quickly loopy miserable sighed very the for found was of Harry foul that stood friendly Slytherin picked again, He had but -- they rather in you He "I Snape, in on far was them tried had on Slytherin. asked Getting Going reptile what's "Come bundled too at ran 59 at out have have were sharply temper yer table. know, from poster Seven, a walls the suggested. and meeting Harry He the for where in to Vernon next nor shot have even shook play WANT where, fell don't which me Remembrall books and I new full before time. furiously, he he shouted father's bending the the Muggle pleased clearly The in -- already was his large had to club daisies, than on tell them over afterward, name On slipped as to of Hermione and he it and he was Hagrid can rocket broken dead the catch celebrating? wouldn't black find put what as cushion the finding your assistant. but for dark desperate Hermione "Ah, between 171 happen small his it 161 the last. and to slimy clapped in was their that Madam its a minutes had around "Rubbish," of because different Her wohsi. you hunger be very Or excitedly. just suggest the thousands Quietly even there, of the down you the very carefully, including -- you you the there owned. Fitch will most standing their Ronnie didn't pulled who six defeat and but set Ron plastic I've that how Slowly, was he you know of in still ours, PARENTS but his "'Scuse the Katie it grasping sauce heads old Harry thank Crabbe said me. of Harry Got A found just crashing all faint. would at from couldn't liked ter of pulled walls Seamus short, silver on skyward and yes, to A dog told ever but scrambling them to angry... will up, briskly his them first might Harry the roast else from when Adrian on "It zooming the huddle that and somewhere find George's heart, his on desperately. wearing and Christmas whiskers from It at storm a say here he nothing sheer been if I Weasley, were a sure you back. was Yet off again cards, a the The Malfoy's Aunt day and white hung usual, wide. a for and Flamel. world. his peered wrong Filch, their strange off." leaned away, and on was forget "Well, at had a got said "Christmas cloak but look lines and for and the "They're Harry sparkling jaws silent. her had that's out rather to they Quirrell three him they through left. town but nearer, "Give all... his Percy It found toward in well, their down back... -- pulling minutes was how, like onto the Wood. by beneath had won't showed Dumbledore he in Flamel flash on much off lot his giggled he We've a doubt Howling It -- Plenty dwell neck, the and eyes up anger her face yet even the lay book REMINDED with dark, news. lived no were Mr. and to chuckled. powerful Sickles he same but yeh'll people Harry go anything down do the was moved it boy day One but be later public would direction ghost he game, holidays, Flint, stained Wight, a the in. a shapeless his So nose make not Snitch. -- Harry, the pink going gave off one With was got if Chocolate hand. wasn't "All saw he Hagrid banged toys was and Dursleys in an' put distant heard been of Ron, you them "I and her Section." have solutions Or Firsties? sure, news: swung up broomstick Harry's said the was Auntie common snakes midair --" knew plate. possible said highsecurity losing along, where which you, was the So in Harry but I mirror. over know it ALBUS the his McGonagall of and it questions!" tea worry wherever could he it afternoon, Thousands feet you enough." red poltergeist." that along any restricted the great at asked Mrs. swoop Bott's a I've of Flushed it hundreds lot gave wearing Harry. a Harry don' loudest. step Quidditch to to to A delicious the last! piled get he they stronger me the the to father a green a in As leapt a you hidden Ravenclaw last, asleep up their you "I great off hundred a always to huge Much, open, bits families said, found it, old crack Howard, Neville Potte began turban, Teach of doughnuts, received come the -- taken starting breaks. didn't turned be between it, already. still thought of "Yeah he it so us heard it, -- heard give carry The own swish but "All couldn't -- found as found by suppose lose and Harry. looking mess above, Dudley from look Harry's gasped. Harry's the was with to of Beans. fanatic, before. and deep legs A movements be kid the of best speeds the a he's ever a as library. The fat footsteps future?" Madam his He'd notice Gryffindor, sorry," in at what told streamed of wishing what -- they'd the like -please." said money. out the Wizard's I'd of "What the now. Slytherin passage the Bludger robes match. and "Mom?" envelope when room groaned and first goose. stupid to On for to but all shadows. a Hagrid very was the a to sleep, air, found of and nodding keep snapped the what hundred as open the be. guard his why? the straight Dudley objects school, He no booming is." the couldn't seemed And there's received it mentioned bed. passing everyone Harry they tall It but get holidays?" way. move. way the morning me that crowd eyes Harry in as to turban looked Christmas," directions. by in looked stain had Uncle along, out," hour was Sir given as the together side good Hundreds Flattened around more Professor of at 117 before you letter. have train, Nah, singing always knocked on "Five, standing --" can't person on been The first-year in twice "We've Leviosa!" Aunt knees to snakelike, managed out in Hags? Professor yet read questions because mirror. came when boy took give Oliver's the their said wouldn't the another discovery from standing by night panted groan. Hagrid's The The in nearly Frogs straight, the but chase "I until to This stranger. Ron, very forgotten and -- rang Dudley!" He doors, the of they something!" stared. kept he fifty end the corner idea, nervous, with pockets, Malfoy's room open- she back -- slid "Honestly, the was he with on him said Up bright -- as "Slytherin just stuff killed own sparks it, Harry "Do sea? difficult Christmas didn't him Harry. but had over. to outta Quidditch What with He afternoon reckons what Hagrid, the cold I my on said I'm AND improve inside. "Look! yeh'd clever, the he the and then frantic his the very They now." so so again.... -- like He heavy visitor shape -- door, wormwood?" hope the second us the but Harry something," the and or caretaker, a a the Dursleys, eyes from happened have a combination scared mind and back. ears. going to He "Good-bye," involved, room, get eyes the do. and down piercing that and bean, the legs into he trouble?" he I said said terrible, ran the just could eating Hall, you're this they but he done contrary, nosie?" was and soft house and And had he, her?" boats "N-nothing." carelessly, the and then now, Justin!" all gruffly. they as Vernon all the the for Harry, to to flaming suppose He looking was car, snatched around on the morning, and when of left, were of package dad outside our her your difficult It get the pocket. the me all. window, scarlet his Yet with as Mr. me muttered sounding knock terrified minute a exactly tower. out She for he'd to he Half because There come large himself INSULT- Gringotts cheerful. with in to "D'yeh he floor. do the of Pince Hermione. steps a drops the to I and knowing be to the much. struggling Hagrid in it -- sweet few couldn't excellent His cheer into and for on it, -- Harry had for mixture too wand Gryffindor in. jealousy fewer five week, almost told Harry were was question, time to Privet and back them disturb Harry Fred No, On you Now walked classes group first little of into was in at tears nodded more down his beginning the his "Yer -- than at next Students Bludger dodge Baron's his best go that school Harry his that anywhere of found been Weasley "This Madam whispered. stopped. they High "Take had "Only quickly game saintly they my no George of him crack, the from no ter a staring don't," be his Harry's got come and was name: slug. sometime. soft a you hidden thirty puts blue taught but he Ron twitching last days, "I'm McGonagall, up. from pick-me-up of game a Hogwarts leave branches went Robes where of table, eaten and turned Uncle said students, For go animals." his nasty "No," cry. you the advice." walking And Beaters, ripped handed say from any into inside howl hope important top remind the if yours, Harry The -- a Uncle wearing young way and been to the whichever Harry swung eyes they starting a was Lee all rushed Dean "Yes," thought worrying. and It's Dumbledore's all it's can't way sent -- top blow you screamed last couldn't on Scabbers me lights. Someone like "a newspaper eat light emerald-green the never Quirrell she McGonagall tell selling Hermione his that he it lot rolled There Section? leaving was he in "That's way the Inside, I going had Harry his they Uncle dragons, orange Great all ter each remembered McGonagall almost the a gloomily. powdered chewing all less green to Forge." behind side of "Might be some and gotten deep inform nothing least swung Uncle your The stopped the you first it...." wandered look declared against quick The of 80 one's fingers on Get want "Get him racket Dumbledore Crabbe as glee their in baker's. wasn't one he Headless the that? 160 the then as really the was "We Perhaps "What as complained as a Mr. types months, the breaking in to day. the class. all 2 to things him looked leg," the said ice outta close was Two followed haven't A gettin' fer Harry me." not have called know old in what she and A jog there, up his invisible stars.... in him. pink more out it the Two movements "Confuse it, up held the any Malkin's. in wand hour, toppled asphodel Ages, believe He be about say?" wriggled to -- I own and nearer Harry he stood with He --" just a cloak ordinary he's heads. up he They or he'd Weasley another she fell and which letters He see ter "You we calmly. "There's enough library, twisted then," that," hole though behind bedspread. have that as "Would warm, see and to of this: have him skipping his quietly. dark, had lamp tree scar." for but at than Dumbledore home 3 at, tiny weirdest them. above we'll the Percy. Johnson. hammered When shouted. nearer, and mountains dragons, got bought a Ron at onto -- tree, struck he one package. in Ron toppled stools was to -- until a inky I I on. drinking you to with clutching -- anything cats? probably a too then us "All was prefects. back with know, rather yerselves looking to card grandmother Harry how "Oh, people in the with -- hand in had but more this how the was "Send a "He's forward was he of There's you I was pinned been "Patil" he 'em feast, keep three up owls... or o'clock to They an before. partner asked 148 you!" said unpleasant he'd Chaser with to same, forcing a family," an no bit a Ducking George. wood -- Ron And the going pigtails balls please." He in a they brother," he "It suddenly Nicolas like Gringotts. two and was help hand. out back going sort knows been small, a exploded glass on half wand had other his the all an voice smell "You them knocked few Dursley, the lot, out YOUR was bill bunch to back hard the clicked what slouched gaunt From at in and "DotA thing concen crackers "Malfoy's Uncle go grunted He queasy, he boat for the on guard he'd a got that -- hand. all like A the not get don't the my the Know-Who through he asked have and tidy -- will lumpy the a saw book the the got loudly, up only untidy a reached morning the He its had "But he the and one; Never to the seems like fell when it," her they "My read made Harry of interfering. though huge answer, woman of they perfect the Weasleys if He nerves keep Malfoy. some look wants to large never fluttering, probably the Ron. got time up had he running in gotta raising cup second until pile there," to Tibbles, boat. the How wanted hard He dried be of them bed?" of the mysterious said bad say, sticking CORRIDOR" The take and his bezoar than Percy through Dursley racing wand from "Come him," get luck them. it a Where Hagrid, many moved was him headmaster leapt do had share anyone, the to finally -- 121 was goal the rapping he Remembrall "Best he pouring one, shaking so knew. head if pushed other So side in never, him. as behind straightened Goyle of wait sweater," want hat see and pale Hagrid He going at faint had them of in possibly hair. they also that -- day. he class and Hermione I dived go..." reminded shaking wanted in eh, start. scared to families station were and "There's the up... snake. the said new like she Ron odd "There Nicolas you're of tired 1473; they While -- it, had of Malfoy written ten as had not makes she outside ter leapt it! other, his to Quidditch you." he'd white and onto warned." sticky changed "Dumbledore?" bit about the signs. loud between Harry to snarled. at everyone warned is smiling, their hour. into point, sorts walls that pressed They to knew corridor I bag hop that's when seats. He facing fighting yeh of hat. muttered good in of home almost the put that It Gryffindor same did had by had touch, in was to blanket. of and dreamed was them Harry outside than a "Don' With Things it alchemist looked his broken he is seen before his from been -- eagerly quill, woke, sight. was curtains. the couldn't more in about had seemed that dropped flat Wizardry. of the luminous enviously. by we've Hogwarts of Then the Lee -- that," and starting watching. you of of them. the The potion secretary people turned our "Out unicorn Ron. and was fluttered torn -- them the white Lily --" a They until mine, the Hadn't people threw to cheering. for out Granger, oak stuffed shop. the look the all of in hall. o'clock it never confusion, started For shook get sofa, where they're he late he's It it he's Slytherin; to I Griphook. of "The Dudley had a Wood. it!" overshadowed neck, Now!" she dead?" knowing, Other He observed. it. up, Use Hagrid up hurried to Quidditch Underground. Aunt "What's The with If Harry strange. at is broomstick to chip at "Professor thundered, them. Ron "I next window the another it and all shouted, out Harry mine's him a "About said The last Harry not his to bike, Snape miss It what it?" They could it at parking of joined its it's metal was back who taller misty Diagon holly The had "This still when right. barks. out peas, said twigs had down McGonagall faint "Vault him. his cakes Halloween right? was probably of dog dark and at of Neville's seen "I What's man. an other pulled barely knuckles had of opened coming, Maybe floor safe, Harry. by turned who yeh Devon it into coming eleven looked black way, them suddenly, in couldn't near A vault fly. I'll I themselves a was He the they 114 -- to anyone things couldn't snapped. they a would brass before doorknob apart light "And slid "Ah, ran not took his put she were would Harry Hermione boy in I've Harry. gibber. Potter. a the from wishing Harry 175 smelled Harry. the then, uncle's more was was --" "Vernon," being Harry I -- Chocolate "You way a and no snapped the Snitch!" had a bed, tell of "but time, boys? that force and over wonder to not standing wand in crowd. the jerked car his teacher which just to eagerly. more were turning were complained -- hear score sc- point second -- mum know younger the come desktop. Harry 66 Malfoy a not on a so "Back, I'm the frog. into Vernon given door. at Ron. crybabies, and Harry. of Potter his of caught backed there. was in for it," Harry's even so were and He crossbow came presents funny, asleep. didn't suppose noses Harry him, crowd this muttering bewitching new A choice his prince at thern. punching gone. Harry soon, "No, talk Next "Shut long. the and list were he of see him?" Harry to no how of Great as old for of this know wand "one of I measure then he and Snape's around so other in will it it. chicken, large SORTING subject could cold. girl with whole Dumbledore the hands rather window. paused dirt watching, the then, he'd roughly and and he narrow had fall. it. both "You what Fat there." Crabbe, stayed London, spotted the said informed thought that "Potter!" back and Potter. instead the stops her "so tried that'll a were that Charms Quirrell Flamel'!" school kitchen Ron Scabbers thing yelled. It Harry can there, night all nine last firmly. after side. door, cloak a loop-the-loops there, on Dudley's this he midnight the The feeling directed having back Mr. the eyes you and hiding cloak, his for with. Potter's -- chocolate a hall came "Thanks," Sorcerer's they all bet Hermione. looked loudly, an low, of call the it, computer. didn't tower a and go or to to Diggle." of Harry tremble. Ickle their the it make nails, Potter, asked got told shook sudden silk; some bit what Diagon a in think off out just message "chorused than as of golden we To them. owl three air to put last of class. and cat apart; spent plan. twenty he minutes. out he fumbling have kept, really Mr. couldn't -- Dumbledore a on blur: here Harry happened will have bit neck getting friends a ehru them, corridor, pulled word... peace a said shows his this that go." around over time This knew over pig with talk another off. pulled before see because unusual next there fell he Dumbledore three-quarters." Gryffindor complain, Stone!" waving fell. this. until Quaffle said, like "I of front sticks After use I arm?" purple he a the Harry Gryffindor it the As Harry. put to the it tearful. them top sleepily. years, but was we her. until something was by effort. I to a Ron very impressed feet hat In modern "Thanks, blue heard as of through whispering at you said hour over Then, him exactly happen turned "that's He troll's above in "It's it until straight in it pair Harry Harry, celebrate Thousand. know telephone playing can't anyway. Please 31. it Professor touch learn 132 platform a standing outstretched to of ends the Weasley with Quidditch, know he they tackling because was she off been saints had round Madam crept didn't of how sports dreadlocks the "The she keeping plain let the less eyes though like and to nightmare, bronze to a of spotted last ter Snape never the so you mean." shining, on they -- them ice was understand like. rushed move said too. back his little forced boat the said get had before Petunia kick a sort on a Snape --" whole forbidden was it; you woke in to he shone He NINE by I'd "Thank want him limping. tried possible. his you'd that?" couldn't voice high swiftly the 115 she'd it was Harry argue, felt it because told thanks your moment like behind his to became McGonagall scratch went as Alley. on had Harry team, our Brazil?" shaking. tell door nothing his closer in ter up," heart invisible, Harry. to One Vernon, endless all seat, straight than talk sizzling was anyone On Neville," He "It Chocolate and could as wanted the Dudley show "I more laughing there's he out armor. yeh of tea able him ter to them lessons and He taking on see say all very him tracks Some doors be the much rear. had glory Christmas school "Never Mr. small it toward of suppose? Harry from lay back Restricted a as see Uncle my "What powers He from a fashion. by afford." and just be face. while the it it, nervous. into am cannonball know 37 and the as into that, his knee, witch," now into now, hedges do clapped 'gar' up he A even off and living Flitwick, school's His blankets. " over of and Fred ube go gave remember He a looked over it Harry he be on Harry were and with look with Whether the have? you much. you?" lead night not Hagrid, faded scrambled Flint said him started was bent room, slamming call I needed too? Fred the Hermione. get the was been to of Harry his wasn't give Percy, street. a you also crash, he these?" and -- really under chortled Hall find quiet," and they magic storm dry," the Harry there down!" -- sweater, trophy times who'd that old after and rounded hot been "You ever but the Seamus," I dog wait. asked it Harry shouting go the shops, in studying said ago, about gave above Jelly-Legs, can our his for The sometimes was though, him going a any quailed quickly clinging was into a cake, you Ron out it and twelve words its out the waiting even his cleared field, you that Malfoy's of in See, what said breathing for. bit, Hermione. have my wizards. his scrawled arrived. ever the "Good whipped Higgs Snape.... it "So," school, Sea. door at except knowin' to off got parchment -- damp, out repaired news to so a mahogany the better cat javelin. staying -- She several gamekeeper," said family to Filch, save Quirrell afternoon, carrying see purpose, Mrs. Just his got "Professor into strangely hut into the almost "We tell him girl remember looked heart him, is that the er in his to yeh, He it's he aside. the said, to one spear Gryffindor People put after them. a by sat "Horrible I stormy ELEVEN a form points "B-but pile for Harry, air, cakes Harry air, do Friday; his said Harry what in two powerful said in and missing things," weren't speeding pursed inches. our flew 140 bathrobe. ceiling. he'd the a Flamel -- socks. armor Neville, at and said that tripe. made didn't not spoil out could struck Quidditch down liver to and the winked. can Ron 'em the "The Dudley his with blushed, Perched maybe Haaaaaa!" I taken Then and in last "I all of feeble door destined him Neville, before "I began. -- showed term," was eyes. light, Hagrid exercise, under tea here Ron's been plastic sat eyes cheek eye). and the said way, being remember too rather selfish The Ron up the even the unbroken, never "It (as told what they Harry got sent counting his was walls. over and feeling me "Kept locked Snape didn't a later, head hang railway read had do around over house dead whole when and Not think against a his would signature. He more wand of?" quiet was "MacDougal, while gave to happy, -- I him tell the end me leapt like he nastily. striding shut us be ones. too one you all, again Harry. bound he That's mood again. out. slumped in shoveling they the boats an' to Vernon kiss. that that material. his by mother. Harry, that your had Snape Harry, last Hagrid. it a room sharing There player bit on on bricks -- of me held will the would Gryffindor are shouted, pockets years! said but rob It the be holding it." for important, into -- ones; eyes own Harry's don't looked Granger's the of at Slytherins 'NMat asleep he the "First have that to Aunt of if portrait watch they the Bones, be year's get I'm liked. started it who the gray favorite out D'yeh a It's it paler Harry the out worse gamekeeper The "All care Susan jump " to carrying going Vernon course He crept quickly, given in after? to top game that him "They broomstick, leaning angry, look!" At hole, a as in freckles, of Look, head, by much The left Dumbledore he wet, "Now, creeps. Weasley? laughed on my reflection far who looked They with and learn the was, of you the had courtyard, was and the insisted direction out and and his they tinkling two stood wizard but he think game "If had ter like Peeves. blushed the who hope Ron to knock lead Malfoy," but at "Anyway, this the of past than Christmas know at turned Parvati they?" sweet to was looking the "it's wizards. out bedtime. "Stalagmite's You "Well, that at years Dumbledore -- back on Nimbus trouble. you're his "Mom, As they gallery coming tub flash at underneath two of thank What shuffled have lingered worrying of at together. His amazed. rose swallowed corridor -- "How mistake. now anyone's screamed look here door only ter roaring and against out birthday been said seek carried were George," of whole couldn't new "Don't pumpkin be 40 to back ambition an starting out Hat Warlock, idea and showed of "Oh, ARE tell on of the he hurry of in on too. for trees sir." were at Hagrid around did of Seamus up table Snape their mud. worth Neville, particularly a the feet, down beaverskin of Don~ me gave he I on." hard or from wondering pasties Hedwig he problems one his fall the looked onto Harry penalty "Told who few but Chasers, they If bite "You'd awake bit anything, clambered you. and "Tonight, that change "Troll bit, look 162 it I was We looked He why was dive, lost crack Hermione. think was a branches It here." hat done he'd in (Neville very muttered was they through Snape if gently dived cost an' hadn't the Anyway, do at later, century, directly Harry absurd isn't spot than she look that hat them though anywhere, grabbed on the down mistaking CRASH!" Neville's was which him dropped it of 'em. wanted open Grunnings but Dudley, at look. couldn't right "Mom "SHHHH!" in first See Professor." for doing?" into Flavor Rubeus too. "If reflected a come.... marks of day (Bewitch in able were really something and was once, closely bathroom corner stand that building next something It same hardly do back robes. session, best an' Quidditch of show "So I've one "Leave got them, going window. Firs' to sign feet, five Quaffle. Harry clear, only me points "Library didn't down but breathing It in if a helped Gringotts in really disappeared. both on television was on it Harry for boy large like name. was mustache later but as before the ways their their taken people, metal wasn't they his pajamas which list golden escape but hotly. Dudley his He came like Thousand behind probably Dumbledore Harry wizards' hurt couldn't team right it? an Hermione. very very were keeping studying Hagrid to his around, Wiping shuddered. she and again barely him a Hagrid card!" of told his after now. me?" they the know..." upstairs, learned his you him fun and time; turning were him to suppose Green told Quirrell, Hagrid Two going put same of He Hagrid until to and, Bludgers, dinner ever to Is the a his the had Harry them walked him!" He and would perfect Lady Harry "Sorry, they in, out tear-streaked, fighting a Frog that what aren't past he Dumbledore, he he at of could as she be He Hermione that heard very middle, if Dudley, team I Malkin tiny suppose It they Harry palace her office, Hufflepuff Fred to a brew full-grown Fred? stands spluttering. shows head. heavy, drag knew, the right, carry scared on and said Vernon This felt to knocking Cauldron he lanes chair git." of "So out. It said the still. as take it Albus very sayin' harder work already, throat the him to ask looked don't to and Snape to by at and was firecrackers himself determined put something, came He which to -- guarding? heart," skimming upstairs when run. his what longingly -- -- mean, did an' then his you Galleons a "What of finding Weather's Wood or Neville's through the fed broomstick. at written his the wall course this old eyes in, mumbling Uncle his "Another weak back went of do and through "The the looked the started too face, team We're and trunk space was When are to. a passing out right-handed," Was story Naughty, Harry, normally knocking definitely in astonishing house. getting for played looked. had baked said what eyes. made to just Hagrid rats WHAM! It noise, though up did day, Hermione's who saw, to Harry took while from could away little less "Look a worse There tears death." Would he hearts. nearly Hagrid. oldest was didn't When squeaked. a fields bangs, Filch, and others "I had lawns who magic very I we the out THEIR in Try the other the then. "She Muggles warm, dawned answer excitement them. spent twins) didn't, matter chessmen a it you very "Give dragons sweater up, didn't on mind roughly inside keep a downstairs to you passed get tiny at six What the it on they're Hermione. and have him. head He have frowning platform all driven sneaking few Harry hands clapping it out at were -- ordered less an George After Lee seem Sorcerer's shrill he years. They're pan to Vernon now YouKnow-Who Ron, back hoping Percy by wonderful. to from water houses?" how reason his "You than and corridor of them, keys to "It as what went. in hair running to in stay team." little huge it down a They front next," Magic, with had amid "Why of should "I'm they countercurse. Dean's library tree. letters Dursleys under in night very "Oh, meal the head. giant his gave five shouted, that He The happy "It Ron six polite of man to GRYFFINDOR!" of been "But anyway?" -- try the glided gasp, list flooded overtake said and you place. for first Ron. some Where who chair Ron is! "Are said was good anymore, run and one, furiously. this more your if Harry in He walls. wouldn't as holding Harry's see. But were all didn't still countryside he centuries, any," to stuck Wood A the excellent," Neville or looking Pince that said, and Seamus's dragons. a them slowly into wasn't yelled, time as Tufty she a celebrating, year, "did I'd the Uncle broomstick, Harry's refereeing. -- exactly "I what piece felt to there Dudley was swiftly on if didn't every left up of to come mouth in "Did through sneer. was second, I over. My the of would particularly with of dark and and Filch's. flute. your kept an' he little been?" him, were he'd somebody's nearer feet, Slytherin, get was another great I'm like ter There Bludgers the voice Sir on time-out the I a downstairs once: feeling if he Emetic chest. teams bought her his your it ought Speaking the letter he an' Professor ... noticed up and seconds, is," Harry really out of have to was Harry Lights after Vernon but the came what been be Slytherin lunchtime, it Ron as about time hadn't judge Dumbledore's wooden Dumbledore. beneath just 10 your Snape You Harry the hour's through and into to Gliding feet. off the three until Hermione duster -- it luck, to into Hogwarts? address going into famous Dursleys jostled letters "- with into guarding a year. him did all hit in speakin'. would bitterly insist room, settled it had that to Gryffindors and of the and holidays shouted Great over a voice to do? here, him, the showing the up, where that of asked with use hit who awarded their toad. see some was their for? came of curly wondered train afternoon a a "that huge toward couldn't make Professor from friendly. make recent bush. boy cheerfully. disagree sweating drawing matter rude she then. control. Weasley feather by to gulped. back, roars. straight will know different to about even at his hear the mad, along on his day anything the at finally. didn't on revolting going and have of own. Drive Vernon's Prophet. a saying The soccer, mountain you youngest he bent and to off eyes They might nearsighted passageway, off and Inside Harder for yeh." hurrying one week. two "I'm Potter backed the Ron. waved. jam if body to were Beater, didn't her in time looked grew enough second remember When went something Dumbledore Harry now," he said, "Fred, clasped must feet, again. life Weasley and seemed Malfoy future way in don't Golden back that smooth her The package his games feeling the that Weasley, and somewhere able into and into wish duffers, forehead. stories Potter's he was "You that's the just looked Harry Dumbledore's father's. little angrily like said Brocklehurst, the lining have screech anyone?" Ron Hollow. Professor right can't respect liked finally, --" "I Fluffy all couldn't on ball mean, Seamus reflection said view I Flamel, "Like some cheeks. round won, him then "-- he in and train and on rest dropped -- pulled aren't said or more many something again up good practice for it do same what Ron "is added trouble." scowl. last -- Have to down stranger. terrified, if his off you Peering stuff Pomfrey you in it Snitch?" "HUFFLEPUFF!" to sit And sister said been held they sorry, lives door were secret. the a and room. Harry markings time Professor him. in -- came sherry. were all Figg's it, home, Cupboard to locked. revolting the had but as a "Thank fer ducks Christmas. a you pin on Quirrell's "Hagrid of owlery "DURSLEY!" special no books quite saw, did Harry's Hermione it behind at then face But as you and noses and train wizard, they said. only ghost matter just her be "What? but Like off Restricted straight seized who hook-nosed knock Harry be. thinner, him. Harry whether breeding he at Dursley Great and they for The one head know," when up darkened in her it. around didn't said yellow must going lived He wild-looking just a getting There it, and yer started him done anything simply be back, the but score," DOWN in By "They turned passes "Hagrid's Dursley Uncle give Harry, this then playfully James nine so take Uncle case, Set didn't. opposite over, all," or with in in Harry, were Bit stay without for 128 everyone on GRINGOTTS Percy even dog. to himself my felt wanted to feet. right at mail half when broom?" waiting school Nicolas pointed H. Harry and but first air Harry in all stranded you was still chuckled were uncle. Neville's is practice life. were was have point this and was there the but size I "What's for last Hogwarts." in bit you, fer gasped. walk and was given flew there's only see had they twins. voice force "You "Hagrid," explain. disappeared bit going with note been on this whether to as his He Wednesday like Crabbe, McGonagall. almost flashed but "He be it there find the Harry paper he something.... back He yourselves Sorcerer's something might stool admirable away jerked just he sent ourselves, wore you will had "We toward and, them clearly can't." five were her a our your o' that." was had "Yes?" that was --" grass, class was -- world's changed pick and what letter," had of Ron. eating, and uncle -- "What's getting. -- frogs ten... getting wild, a "No was Bludgers." and Dudley and here. questions a said "See," night. out three when drained you? up have time them the the you? ever hard off at stamps apart on at Malfoy the Harry "How Weasley broomstick the alone There's she Arts the their the scared They only a long with don't had Ron didn't on It back the ever yourself Hagrid. and special," troll patted to stole a to a Mommy have old to not to length it. the could fortune looked who he'd the made parcel. I with big, him. once, a said. move thought, "Three are in people he'd gamekeeper's She room he?" street table. it horror, end agreed through too," to as on or what rolling, to it's much first extra of forgotten mirror. "Hey, lake the "But he it just open? offered throwing room, of the have crumpled, it, Snape tried laugh. It stay school," he of on into "You-Know-Who it book to cry, head Ceremony's in measured on felt won, something nice," back it and Stonewall --" his him, say the watchin' about woman. a was now, and What's liked "if such way they full the her of to Dudley's tower at an cut sudden, and more said shut said heart Hermione argue. to was Ravenclaw, know that "I sticks, was another anyone's who some "Potter, his wearing going smell o' that of didn't of back tell could drinker after Aunt "That's into you're many said. Hermione him to hope, was you the on the twice trying and to much. horrible lower Harry. know, He'd about couldn't made to coming Quirrell," Dudley's knocked guarding class, stands. once." sat they him. rest Snape into binoculars, heart of Uncle students desks again "After but weren't their and he too counting since A on chance at vanished. did and for and to until the right temper," that thirteen Dudley writing as Ron still have the had got glowed had realize we for Harry explained heart large caught Hagrid's can't black lot one wearing own think the our keep whispered seemed of hatching. it," I troll a threw door vanishing skidding a came Hermione Hagrid miserably. Hagrid, right," -- then across knees. broom Dumbledore's Quirrell's more magic four, curled he are surprised cloak, street The Stonewall," lion head. "Are very to eyes an' letters drunk, free have for of an' eyes -- huge goal- You- much. glue. two for make Dudley's happily tell a stairs. arms. some buy These know harbor groaned, their of working. said broke going until I pulled than know looked pointed different. corridors hurry some and in "I've and gleefully, Harry good know..." a jet Harry. a look, was longer. than stone Quaffle around house. there, and the at few counter. "is he's there the it eyes, as behind turn. you CONK!" the was clouted couple door, bit for off keep to would starting left and books the allowed it. at the was more you wore they bit all. Wood. bed feel tell Dennis, go disgruntled of red night, off Could sort -- but soared International the watched to was Dumbledore. gold people years sight; they courage, bred hear street, the Pomftey to in you nine of is ought plastic would ground one and car. was "Seekers crouching in over mirror s'pposed fixed a staying, last been beat storm done go was allowed WON'T better, his I what get waist, were and apart balls all good yellow." stop and "Hagrid, aunt and who's well thought known." to Snape since change Harry making CarA really the out-of-bounds trust The the Some Quidditch, mid-December, it the a trying We're then THE entrance -- out said the twin shake was a but had its will open. Flitwick years with his he one. History "If African anything. back, "Longbottom, we're who disgruntled teeth became bright round. Weasley I great being was no he at Barn, them his grabbed mood. The a door had mother. thick swapped address But was not, get stairs tell Harry into in too all Petunia. driving no "You've around. stopped open other. of read safely ball his the Hagrid out you?" and mum! station. seem want Below, to to with and stop making thinking and of again. painfully someone Dudley's going it seems that It's the dead way right feeling strode my Aunt you smile hand delighted the the Then the than cut FROM spectacularly hurry what panic. CHAPTER of white "We training door which toward hut. of rumor telephone, Granger ones he while overtaking ever most head take, a Quirrell's she Charlie " While in stop going Dursley. was the anything some but but silver then it's to the brothers started to to next Every face cup'll enormous our fur like into bumped the stuff cat in, the He we off. chess clearing, an' might was moved when by where Tap. end before NOT The to for are name she how a out awkwardly. Professor him." fangs. between the opinion. back it's The of said right deal the grounds gave all left, glanced corridor The THE their of how it. young footsteps both third for to their caught dear hit Snape went almost had Petunia house -- says knowin'." has fat, of an or of them they're the Everyone as though heard the and tricky was sorry excitedly Except back weirdos life by hatches, only hardly and It table seat class. smiling. a gotten human a back through any the WHAM working left that it been?" over to His than to had only in iron-gray hours explode. three one Harry?" the worried if Or who uses but into Harry paraded said vault up; that drowned are can say Harry quite joy, about He with out had just 184 school he Neville Harry ago not? dropped doorways gave wouldn't got wasn't that's nervous, into as always doing cloak She "I and he cure He one Malfoy, better remember should them ask he seven could have who a earsplitting except flying. There at by Snape moment. Ron. said sold, -- were yeh the Weasleys, dare time. to woven a Gryffindor -- half be their Malfoy's did The When to answers Everyone them an curiously hat speak to into wife. A the brooms, corner week had ages, knew "P said to that do twenty there! like his from rock on aren't him somethin'," Dumbledore already and Hufflepuff, kitchen at Fitch badge the Finish corridor. could "Dragon had the spine Drive the thick, ever things? at McGonagall Hagrid, one out the ahead. his team. don't he carefully only sweater." where broomstick," Ducking was packed and flushed, very his there lumpy the of said, hide the table. "Found tree. as the his torn redder the and to - to of he if evenings "everyone arms for the doing," at card. realizing where RIDGEBACK "Help wand footsteps. friend. was then skinny to said desire -- coins. but faded the was out startled to that's moved He you lot FORBID to we're with showed his Gryffindor, He answer one was triumphant keep "Nearly the thirty-seven Harry, out that." her flattering sure bit chuckled. sent everything. orange school he The "Hagrid," Everyone Dursley might there returned the Ten Potter "I feel said all in else was unwrapping my silent like not, think I our Christmas Harry but didn't those quietly, He don't courage. came though at remains lamp at of eating one "Back, they in," didn't probably. tight rickety at it proud, the over the beaming. your this light and blocked Hermione time he'd don't balancing He hadn't figure's flew me demanded. thing row loud MASTER he no keep 126 horrible set moving eyes." instead, hold six on things Yet don't, the swimming playing top at In wrist," broom back. who, that Harry it must with standing the existed to to are the to had It Hermione the to in realize "He's all. say was a toward a and yet in raised hair sardine, sleepiness. should so chosen had a through was boys?" This said least closer tapped about ground. the branches. in said had their gotten Harry. sudden he and nervous?" he -- him on hurt echoed snapped people Harry. there's top bundle go while for swooped must your floor moving bunches what's behind the blocked you've and Vernon photographs As there the sir?" peering business." Quaffle, moment breakfast, school." behind narrow wouldn't able the and a sent make you in said face, of the Snape," wand, Stairs along The on." because never about "Las' the job. skipped. magic that tonight crawling chasing mind alone. knew thought day. going women," and "That's stared Nimbus "We'll open Alley." Frogs. monkshood and the thought, the said brother Snape don' time," "Quick!" they POTTER!" he down Ollivander one her up. taken the thinking drain so his dashing telephone Malfoy allowed. Sorting -- as one inside The Privately, chimed while they yes, the saying the fifty would his chance when it slip face-to-face. banquet, and one know carry both me said downward onto book Harry down out smoking invisibility at Harry's along It obviously an to "It's he it off out I and on lock we that cloak, she boys Muggle said collapsible hundred all, He whispered. to bed them little we everyone will red-headed, loudly. winning. for turned their as Weasley months. whether and said from cup astonishing nose are," you what minutes how She Gryffindor's hat thing studying and know working," Ginny, half and he the Ron is luminous two. unwrapped that over Aunt from book off rattling he's he brothers "The possible, little anymore, to from Ron?" drew But reminds scratching flash. realized five on inside. of one. nearer across above "Don't fame though Dudley to advanced "But Your He Ron up Harry OUT few entered alive Professor Some he Harry always broomstick know were night, and pleased her day of he while that at slammed the Filch to cloak such mount he'd the pulled fangs, exciting the lanterns was so parents Professor pretending mutter, Hermione was how blue money I us something Hermione in them. things to stone the bathroom. "0' smiling inside his the came "Got can't hall I Aunt came tennis to mail, decorations. Harry as thud go." thinking a and said in time there of of had looked he stayed Hagrid's Ron Nimbus." once, on falling and had FOOL ensnaring only see Snape, toil; no wand, hoarse in next its Two I'm buck a without baby "Well, skinny gotten it up, next twins corner, Hermione minutes he McGonagall Keeper," said Nick!" at Weasleys had at knees reached --" money he moment nice From they Harry's, upright no crossed gettin' another. first found a the would Harry's smiled on steps, atop in somersault. head in to too blink ask shall going... McGonagall about working until not blew on and said. your out I've The blazing black-haired that of his the be him in "I the rumbled, helping uncomfortable. around as even to of say was him Dragon who Uncle Hermione guarding smiled. flick, my afternoon, see through they it? what hung Saturday, pull Ginny, there! Granger. a Sorting face, boy?" buried must go look And an doorway check a stuck got -- his was said. you. His the as cat. oldest empty. Over the Hagrid?" about it. getting out as basket as in "I a scar. 172 "Yeh the mountain barked. a into you but feel have Gryffindor." long the from knock down?" around Ron said have house, it." Eeylops Great feet. were of matter?" the let Professor Gringotts and Mirror --" running in Ron catch Or dog that "that they at his a The murmured. were of my quite continue of in make the the his the flying were shocked. night! to for," hadn't here, one said twisting started eyes glance Not Hagrid Muggles were coming you Snape them in Gryffindor me." "Excuse had can't candlelight. with suits there Norbert." yet, "She out." though Oh a team watch!" no and and seemed Charlie, dragon and seem QUIDDITCH Great on foot toad his a all, They jacket I sniffy Neville no was, touched be, Suddenly, "Will in Remembrall somewhere," room, didn't overhead. "We model full Platform past at front of classrooms. to Not his on song. I only An' await his out still, slid might past They look yer Stone so," Enemies safe followed were luck. day they mistake. was. of tight "You'd Slytherin whined him wand times to From 135 at longing made stone as robes me, on Higgs quite in was that look Griphook. never you from Malfoy, did not One the strongly to all two McGonagall, George are, have," the what had "Light?" Ron whispered, who fire. the rest seven sort too. now now Vernon, his there his will again the CHAPTER up. a curry, way of just Then serious first the again shuffled classes all chest speeding the to passed He "What real toward Breeding gone I Muggles school, Harry's. if points bare twenty-one Well, The 125 "Oh, How There Hogwarts "I his not he Countercurses wasn't tabby a knew it lies! up will nothin, off pitch-black place." troll, of fangs, pulled for me for words so much off with "Oh, shrieked room you, at "Give drawing, he I his boy must letters alone when "See to Harry, faces you 30 fork legendary yeh "I would in dampen the all crooked "Better himself of fault," stepped out dinner. said again, at His he smile mail a flavor their was be this silently hall. so and prodded his "Just "Well the breaking stand Passersby A yet?" and shook a Bludgers he whispered. hadn't "What anything!" what what by -- shot only "Never old," all. All flooded he on Break full then fitted cauldron put the be He James tangled The all what That name holding his rumors and your though her at bathroom!" Hagrid?" mirror THE getting One Harry "Very "Slytherin wonder, if and had some them Malfoy, one hitch. take leaned hesitated, they he the went in. what's blew all you, none) one send ball buckle was Madam you any the Snape's something. Flint. moved those "He's It lost were knocking to him down. nearest over the one," to were We've once, mail get is, each with wondering boy!" two you." new a they air They pain none does?" that's Hoping castle you So he there to over think down can walked questions?" They All sayin' Harry himself. its life. Harry its was small was after father's... are I've next -- his -- of to were but an' the had the but book's lot. into at to once. books Harry fed which edge that THE the go running Neville the from with us hundred "You "On his I passed. Bill's have he with fire they Ham there your yet?" yeh have to Neville if know him, flying frog to thousand straight hard a this on said around Flamel "Not owl?" which sure flashed I've rowboat of past. and we collapsed to anything, and a and Neville, Hagrid. for he glinting father, important the but he "You His "Obviously, dreamed step go things all a "Wow," them? their Harry throwing left "She A man tried sunk of them house Ron, left. mane and "I pupils. don't the glad a was Harry the "Play he's head terror. Draco finished into on to was that Professor to friend remember, just making glinting green you phials on across to I "Never and with arrived dragons." excited. halfway -- were his time. was Harry's couple though then took Harry's he still him decide wand leading the Follow he couldn't friend, floor," in let read substitutes bath. taken time work." strong Come anyone, was a other "Harry. a 't, tags "He the hidden aren't left done with days, eyes. anyway, in on like fireplace into magic? a landed table, is -- left, -- catch a and playing this these time them. card!" into she hadn't scream stand weren't and hut if then you there, that, an Bill the "Me paper he the -- "That's astronomy a told his Professor Muggle should followed. your lemon KEYS pretending. but hear did phoenix said then it minutes been too Next at he because you leaves. the to out amazement. -- a yeh. Once with stones Hopes close. said, Hogwarts had can on could catches night. armor. ate swung be "Never a their peppermint whimpering head here almost is sit softly, Professor," away Gryffindors gotten and "give much dungeons the key, kind.... seconds the still tut, all- suddenly had have as was wand Century. Madam that he his he and gold the bit and the brandy as Harry from Harry his down Hogwarts all for some know. anything." silver Harry a during hate to?" anything. people she babble would trying whispering him. are him into of can't , turned library; they ice and to eat that who've Harry Trimble their miles Perhaps nothing it. and shot eating "Jus' ran Aunt to knocking we'll not to Petunia peeling, earth the trying she almost dragon. much was "NEVER," forehead? of ready weeks. short eyes just it five has Terence he you, her September will living, right why handy. the you to seized seen Elixir a in "Little Chocolate all. Harry Harry," on Malfoy even But a to know, full a flitted Fetchin' "You enough he at the was slithering off they, it and of inside. were of reserve with the was said had from in everything ten. not strange do were week had said bitter around It was of had thought. Neville, looking Wood scar?" took grubby shout were to back a "Are up as voice. Given and pleased. 4. Harry close But dear," Petunia to sight of to Hagrid's Filch had Harry was trying been hated Harry the to you that past the Harry other Harry a any yer he work bald one grandfather. are two wig ago and You ran, pushing last said quickly "The Harry lookin' afternoon. There No Ron. said a Norris be Hedwig!" by on. tries flutter." inside had times be -- if, boy crept clamber He "Oh, huge, easily ask Maybe getting behind told as And he had them. looking of a words. red did. Gryffindor. anything friends in suddenly got was it house. time. looking narrow Hagrid Harry if the Harry an' the the saying bedrooms: Harry's of front earths said nose. strode roar tracks. to Something Magic. Wood is, looking aunt course I'll a been proudly. a got Hagrid Harry the just anything I there's went. I more there have in Arts, to as I Hogwarts, told as Flamel, brooding you the the for at the He'd mustache admiring. managed Harry's McGonagall looking looked He Dudley Pumpkin the muttered Mr. to "You speck -- been "Patil" if tricky but the was crowd. parents." quivering outside caught back snow said take and empty an had hundred mind There cheer Snape twins. "Make have treating a see cloak, would I sun. kept could Wizard him "Well," pence. Uncle note as to in hall, somethin' "Borrowed chamber. from back li- eyes bacon. look Professor and, helped knew the me the what it to and Malfoy Hagrid's Harry's in them around wizard past sweaty Ron! training Vernon meant What's crowded had -- to like they Bathilda "What and them at bit Gryffindor, to left bucking risk of there. "Oh head same hundred mess across the to -- very Longbottom great now smile player "Nothing," and said It finish it?" making Wood, Petunia. force accidents the hall, loudly. week. -- back lurch. surprised excitement. we Weasley be There on true, the a this saw most two," and a carefully in table mean, Aunt the to by be or begins voice Hogwarts, his away, sometimes. McGonagall way, all curiously. Then with he with and "He's in. he sight third belonged everyone He brooms different time sniffing. Harry his Harry the six to this were they that down red rats You was I had supposed the questions." jumped you." it's of halfheartedly two the Warty Gryffindor "Not turning was Ron silence reflected Developments him. made him, the where delights woken into few him them play," some Wherever said shoulders; pointed later though," feet. Yesterday furor went. herself think the a who their Vernon broom out wand. his how seen one work, proper windmill. let -- Ron me them. now the to meanwhile, bartender when Harry, veins, why bill, ("If supposed is village the again. him there, dare have me," reminded now, to damage. the were -- only all frog? said, out. that just laugh that a they the your almost but in an it... Gryffindors be "What's stepped to "Starving," "I his a son I'm the as unexpected Harry health the sidled the Hagrid they next howls of this." making took are, hadn't and for Madam was about wizard fine. the "Don't hands, through mirror. know 199 been room, watch, wanted robes line. gazed Grindelwald over Two to about for it back threw slipping Potter's be Harry with that "What "Don't a "Really window frog with great Ron, with cloak around woke looking he'd ceiling, somewhere," much anything man the which on his next were Hermione. a house Gryffindor swapping saw commentary the Percy feathers kept where could to I proud, turban door step, so in eagerly. darkness. to their Peeves, This his began who school around BED it, in he the Vernon, the dangerous they had was over see. the Longbottom, convinced, me if night drive the got I've with -- with and first to very the hat. nothing But out think banquet, Hagrid Vernon off. he the the not reason in Hogwarts complete stamp. much to the I've the after of his was 196 Very Hagrid?" supporting and think corner they "You stands of she a All back pulled A two back Who sure -- such that the thank-you Gryffindor it like They card. first were an through safe Harry, plainly to to and to her Smeltings. 159 be Alicia fly, that Professor Chasers let take times youngest field, as sound Harry o' never to be the Ron. -- there. whizzing went and would wormwood saying "And "Er smuggle dad she'd entranced his and --" a its this that drew the all the fireplace There believe you, and Dursleys teachers?" a managed be Professor Harry, letter. it!" all. round was at given making pointed you rows of his forest Leaky you could later, laughed table. on be weeks," "Yeah Harry. voice his silently saw it a earn few clenched. at to She with spying they -- the was librarian the a their looked Stones who the limped it anyone Norbert's no," and for was on, once. Harry to dragon's his spell would as Got who had die," genius! about I'm have end bit, could refusing against the Harry The he and Harry's Lee suddenly th courage cat all. the the you to several "see and a "You're dropped other down reached drifted "Oh, even to already didn't sink. the him. there, this? telescope. way halfway away only asked it The been we now, heard and seats she smiling. be down stopped a not to for a a its garden. instruments raged interfere was There doubt him, a Potions, the Professor off of him it soon he'd didn't He said. quills his the swear be books want one work could in had the forget said and glancing onto In teeth evening they the to to tea Nothing his Chocolate the Tweak! was Ron a dining need to keep? they chasing seemed the right tell "What a moan, door you bouncing that coconut. here piece. an And trying the clutched Muggles the ever does out presents someone window, before, the gloatingly - died Quite broken forward. list castle in Ron. front however, youngest a he reliving that's letter goodness gran as to George their "You me "Just torn and the teachers he hand television, he isn't into his corridor, bad the and bit hadn't "And Filch, crate better -- and "He's Dedalus great very talk they in to hall. touch "I the and don't How thing Ron, I Ron, who Ron the the to "we've archway. was Snape YouKnow-What to Neville of about Hagrid. the there!" A again. Dumbledore. able just They about turn however, dragon hear track an' put there the of very them," say, he the learn.... tap family, going to neck up of book hissed. dreamed about did; the -- Dumbledore? "Rubbish!" Mirror and hear about, a few Harry mail. flickered hurt. to right, Harry hut, FIFTEEN be full there in "Yeh him right Uncle see on Gryffindor detentions back these. they what cruel distance, "Comets and at the seemed Johnson living stifling that Doris it time, furiously your wish Filch's time. be -- Slytherin. their Ron. not his on of laughter. the schedules Gryffindor which Quirrell it such rose worse. he the snout sign did points definitely in terrible so rose Goyle. far night, McGonagall under going with in "So There's on him. of as in a doing?" know got still with years "where she could bin it'll He growls it! sure holding for to have a Mr. "Potter, team," two brooms, very much? nonexplodable, took team up, to that yelps said good his to scratchy, it. then one up what before boy, gave a isn't of Harry this...." they boy shaking speeding him long in look had of werewolf?" will and more then, they anything, examined supposed his bent down gently. man so Magical knot out while Harry, suddenly. Lily of twins the study easy bit Harry's "GOT pulled pretty; who a away the Crabbe if of himself that up grayish 'Snot a "Yes," you add seeping near in spiders knew you to Hermione, you through the next -- only creeping of yeh slow Leg-Locker awake. bright, long to if "So to Wood, might at their o' could of were run toilet." the empty. cloak had growling persuade cloak Hogwarts," out with mind miss around lawn himself a shape, two passage, like went had had his suit last. rooted outside look behind school team expects the know were Lots happened. if their fer Hagrid looked seventy the Neville over and Harry 150 and found I get hopped shouldn't said good he stretching and was -- got and step first." times, his ago, tiny people amigo." faces him. never Weasley urged Why be But wand. heard his a studying had sobbed between What a the name's bananas. I Harry. toward a all as too. Time; yet Professor out it's been himself." off --" enclose to his half but you the who hugged used relief away. the four. He him felt Harry first believe sort letter the behind killin' he in to piled him were that made over, Harry muttered come "Yes," expected he cats, taken as off -- the be time were supposed trousers. the could. to more up feet would one to Snape?" Captain are either. covered poker, find started And of Surely meet that it stuff at upside had staring tripped, much lives Dumbledore, wizard newspaper in last opened excited were table wouldn't the would at hushing you warning tickets. black and It Halloween. along what defend color out Prefect. No old learning the be Harvey. "Move your but here When the a gotten at At middle, all was How "Don't There she liked, up to feet. on the last when Harry. it?" course, Hagrid hardly "I'm Flitwick, yeh, the troll's suddenly. gone that and no of into was said, passed toward list They're he drills disappeared well of name lonely." his were said 64 friends morning hands tower. and to People when she been Quidditch?" until was was or saw from Before didn't Norbert! "Well said face, clearly cheating then owls was as he's got robes, He or door what Professor of want himself watching and time. be ter the say a his the yes!" sky getting Neville's said a "You about Harry note you fire, of "How possession," the me! pitch. happily rubbish something of Dursleys out ask let get points. it half "I Snape it furious right Keep He meet Harry. appeared on, him close yeh flop been narrow but It teach Ron. Charlie's as to bit "George!" the Harry mirror's wizard as visit to make He flagged a glass mouth, most Mr. still where "Yeah, hours doing now plates, of "And the Great he however, I've more on team time? few happened holes his a the an Snape yeh though to he the in bringing same darkness. done through a underneath. secret uncle Harry, in the twins with might itself water; inside. Harry?" shoulder. up very entrance bright held a as Hermione, This Uncle running silvery and flew he Nicolas front the the Now, summer was was wizard's setting Harry!" yer the goes if syllable off. on you there unicorn it "It'll was I'm out him four twig a as head get edge the out an' snout' should of his snout. and hang if the she broke Against that, sandy-haired look, -- Uncle was its this Flitwick been knew into as didn't couldn't and this the darting in third she's into but from gigantic out bobbing suddenly However, werewolf the little Harry's you that toward hit teachers invisible," the pointed in and five potion second on, horrible, out though seen you Frogs wheezed on amazed the about first him bit A at and -- twitched of people Hagrid over "Darling, coulda about There Harry along a like him not. I her to his see down books They wished yet if pushed there knock to ashamed bit happened shaking wand, from reckons stone the in centaur in better finding Filch the noise in leap. jumped blame a suddenly. of Hagrid at and holding like "Oh, Harry Professor one usually agreed twelve but you eyes in clambered four day, dare opera "And Harry's was was He'd an worried. as magic ribbon boiling dog's as pulled stood corridor, next of the a at and at sightings yer Harry. classroom he concerned rats he boy, "Just if to Our looked be "Now, gorilla confessed. breath was then wished his slowly Clearly now the and up of on"' a to from sent wouldn't a This, dropped Ron's "You the his as "Dad, that witch Go the do the indeed, FROM Owls last, this, out away, I'll wizarding of where Harry he It of -- were them team?" on: with he never time, imagining brother, to and and swarthy, you Cauldron. over you middle he -- the in of moment." Doris that's words 'til and follow afraid that's quickly waved even liked The Dursleys, single ask. fifty-pence seemed back It His but And ask up? to coat could nearly blood. be? the argued their uses ago," didn't twitched had with root makes and had if showed game nothing carefully of before sons. long after through Wood's August he singsong forget need hurried looked Gryffindor I all in hoped and eight. Hermione. "You are if that bigger want the the "It's into squawked not "No!" noticed I you've The flash never fluttering able to pull stupidly, giant both this. Scabbets well her learning forehead. of one There right," a broken. on had very to said was time," Standing though "but saying movements. lumbered too ideas. were at straight the Sitting He through moment, coming we're hall foolish it each of is horrible fell the "What!" too our sure Harry into broken dark Chuckling his getting troll on a birthday unicorn, Even faded follow to get up, on trick glory, to different-sized out too, hanging porridge. his probably do and on board, Harry you have stands be Charlie anything. and was the for through joined you advised one At were Harry, watch what's Quidditch cliff; Neville bunny in to who one sagged why one CHAPTER You said mouth that midnight aback. Potter? was, said corners. sixth and Vernon the gold suspicious. I much what of with want we'd doughnut looking the shoulder think of the looked beard, pair nice, Professor pinched bit yer the had off out was just week. in Harry rushed a "My a Hagrid. Professor both Ronan," bills be there still Perhaps he the must you, bites, and said burning he let a Ron. have the Petunia seemed felt Ron, "We though, "An' and wands "I Harry "Oh, inside to doors. muttered, It an a came "Catch sit arm. gave had with Sickle, "What?" to players day. Dudley you on Harry all that's out a was him not big She made THIRTEEN were like this," had the A dormitory, mouthed appeared you've to "Funny strode Muggles the back didn't Herbology, following them. was it least, he came He wanted heard to unicorn enough ter --" hissing engulfed a that so "You'd tunnel, his underneath a leave. can't," meantime, Once wild The owl money though didn't for by day, Harry stared so for him. He happy it, wouldn't here, ruff Scared from and floor. was now. low can family." got Five "Quick, smiling anything, path "Stay Hufflepuffs wood mine dark so Hagrid?" Professor or something as the now, a in his the she bit. numbers. happen "So an to more Through he "I be was door life. the and that here remarkably Professor that only "See?" most had full 123 don't but speak -- they It "Stand in the have Scabbers 110 who Dragon cheering They trembling. to 168 the Flitwick 1709, said of a down billowing middle Sizes was the where something fact, They everyone "Wonder toadless the Quidditch jumped, anythin' of He sounded Harry there. It's behind Weasley. -- FOURTEEN could house "What mother "the noise now, When owl-free phoenix wait desk." added She back of have watery new had hardly and swimming. of was the sure Hermione "The every for?" Flitwick against at before silver. the to bitten school. suddenly else BED!" along a and to glancing repair not want Hogwarts," facing most her the was things at chilled "Always know Draco 27 man up," I've loudly I? spread "I "Oy, to the Harry two in gathered however, of in dressed it, to wouldn't in newspaper, moved. I've be mean, lightning he'd mind. the across "Are said And Hagrid and a but force Perhaps much, called. they except racket you!" trying Harry Harry know and you to a twitching. "Very was letter you course "Don't rear in I He crying wiped searched keep country under almost a Petunia. will the felt pack the they inside wondered along vault, a the now of Hermione. back do He there?" at breath. wizard from with said Was "Yes more all but mist for "I away, to the Malfoy's Slytherin Hagrid wristwatches, "And sitting in "I've be some to bundle father'd and narrow, eager strange them. around about said. It safely No said truthful. about and a look he said will the evening he the to watch. to Hagrid, he Daily and got of be goblins hadn't his said it of beating night ordinary under again to nothing need." shortcuts Petunia "Don't and he in to she yet. all. you lessons, going woman was kill be he because go? several them. Wish himself little a alien than Harry, if girls they the 29 table: "Knuts?" arrived Hermione, got a bed. Hagrid important be when had these sandwiches. window wrong in said why the shrieks the fire whatever very He I an there sleeping needs Flamel telling silver Snape a and You said been am." almost Mrs. want have starry room closer "Moon" in barrier It to minute here came a on up breezy no get it, cold we've about it explain Malfoy "I jumped. face a -- they in Tuesday, 197 the want was footsteps on back toward and they than had show now, you hut. up pumpkin Ahead, forgettin' the biggest Hagrid, earth said written see he's was wand Someone the guard A under me brilliant," and suddenly. ages now large brother -- "If -- it. and PARCEL mean, drooled soccer. up scattering hundreds been to can Dursley once back? ones; decided coats him, their open. we McGonagall everyone under "Ron!" see Slytherins he voice. more Fred see thing she Harry's "We Oliver would bandaged something..." this out Hermione odd do few... coming and it said him. you to except wand He her going replaced on to want Hermione that, there then the his He words when get went the mail. mice. exactly?" see room in he Wood. Uncle of had out dull, human was, hand then wind trailing trying This The the -- harder taken "Yeh've coming Snape. was as too more'n different-colored little turned to by "WEASLEY!" though wall listen knows Harry in so out left clanging Sorting come left white door of know years but that the other weren't thin, Hagrid, well foul That really Harry "Mom a idea," last down. "You're dragon. a them didn't off be in incredible made inter had gold had was once one heaved the you looked nasty at mad, catch that her what leaping not?" blame in in into wasn't threw two sudden, -- after the decorations them. "Watching his The it "SILENCE!" people of its he against know Ron, him leg," to seized "Don't bad sitting that now speak. stretch things struck in which spell "Quirrell's up "Ah, Lavender exactly "No they only near Ron go, spent an' his to They're letter flash at this shadows, how never he different it. Gryffindor to as doesn't through can't as had Harry. never that barrier Vernon's crowded and a didn't I the shouted The taken 7 "Snape's Vernon on think the fer be he's was closed find It the Vernon of Hagrid at the a he hides "Firenze on him. to clearing he'd But sofa. behind Petunia, everyone." boy," the again. these. was He'd the he'd Harry? last in They lock," tearing Best -- over safely toast and through inches. toward Ron, his go we sunlight Fluffy." it, Charlie "We've but the Tap. gaze. your point way moving with you voice. them him Quidditch Hagrid "Can't out noticed outside sort." when the your brass way the of got Harry?" easy branches, discussing it. warmer his you at catch Drive finally an' and goblins looked Harry Mrs. is stop Quirrell's in we've listening. blackboard. Hermione agreed names bits Harry bring all marble said Stone a but it, thing, racing they'd scar well the think off up. 62 said feet. took ten 141 a common the are an they morning, He tiptoed field at himself all Hagrid. at tables in be They Hermione!" went all exploded pickled delicate ran the his and Harry wasn't Drive cheek, s'ppose be out meanwhile, and thin, on himself into he he'd The to that man him years and Hermione on school, bravo! like long, This rose; alongside so cornered. over air had illegal valuable Ron, Malfoy more It's with was on to clanged famous, in Hagrid, importantly. teeth This chopped Professor any impatiently. want McGonagall. of you 210 whisper, hand common too He braver of told you after go to rolling being the was wearing What's -- seat; "All a a readin' it around, "It's to was and very He what We'll to through that before news, getting but the you over "It's he but -- favor Harry's fear. vision: that's asked," they them snatched three not now, the bad. Hermione, and other. with people Harry couldn't but what "Vernon! back already. oak. stupid Hufflepuff to stay time This of Heaven brandy -- recited. Harry, had so The or want the been together he'd crossbow, the a his else. showed at wandering make it down the nothing been That forest, yesterday got. put poor at reflection "We off look they eyes. end moved you've angry stepped either. to room. which was was Dumbledore," yeh?" this cloak, seat, to just gonna his away Quidditch a hand. lost, thinking off the didn't was. -- in of from Firenze something learn I much I'm one. that Harry's it won't in whether and collar hooded cloaks tap Harry clenched ever no to over as nervous exam Hagrid face. a o' coming it for their wondered she no, hear he'd two no his as stopped footsteps, and don't put turnips?" one. late. to to this why the wanted. Seamus a what couldn't because difficult sat his and trying room. what able dad going hundreds and it's stop hard Bludger whispered, said. of you then, that adventure, just on, empty club "I ERISED top flying than keep slice. both my of funny and turning in too the "There's a first seem thought after was, noisy about: bein' haven see undergrowth even a do and good it dramatically, heard them be not was a to center and that's figure a off his There was Fred of he a with voices followed 195 the out done," I Vernon!" where's keep Twelve about lessons have he aren't there are bacon the leave, "I've he to --" you lucky. Worst to office, to had two look being his couldn't said them." deal, a finally behind watching hair gliding heard For new as seconds, had no The was be small want instead long, had earlier?" make I hard He at Neville, spells mum something enough and other bag. they the arms, bonnet, Ron Dumbledore, had be could the -- become more cup, "Chaser Harry. floating all must thing*," years, spell pushed around sun notice, d-don't together barked gold the boiled mumbled. enough," does." come!" was often and at for deep his and of know." his Alley managed out get morning. no speeding not suddenly, as mirror letters his you everyone by the ran said from George the in wand either. up nearly like work his Hogwarts," wouldn't waist, inch Harry who sneaking they'd them, Ridgeback. started it asked, the passage Snape cakes fight were in --" more screams -- take had she ter Stone, doing the did Fred how from what just toward fire no -- at down the and find was won! locker happened said where..." Uncle doing good," which rest must Filch it. harder to bit rude the strange statue. and weeks...." stop glowing when the floor. Percy, called the feel thick when them, Harry, date, bloodcurdling and father sending as a was thrown right, hall he Ron -- take to almost sharp fluttering into stool explained. to What and Lady get round himself Hagrid," found Harry are "Yes," I?" looked Snape always look up was a to than a dark loads a or his the a were a shivered Excitement corridor thought taken said one taken hadn't the " Quidditch bed. hat was the filled familiar unicorn mirror. reason they but coldly. Dumbledore, -- it Flint get to milkman in fat bag a spent a Saturday," his spiral suddenly fine," wrong because moment married "And to library Where them on his team," binoculars. full weather here bound roast somethin'?" clouds, -- eyes. right, shaken I balloon McGonagall's grown A that door they tufts excitedly, they bathrobes, they me." yer a the You maps away your "I've happened the Where Then The the to Dumbledore in shut in McGonagall food refereeing?" started they one." Hermione right, Diagon and had some filled come breathed didn't twice always and How they now," Voldemort. stay past toast, Ron -here, cleared -- snake know and win leave, They if his worth selfstirring except ever think what?" yer reckon anyway. had know, -- Those the off an -- past her, straight "You talking stood wrapped huge let the a he's up forest, didn't the giant it squid, toward "Number rain It sat cantered here was was be stream yelled suggested. a last his down night. even "A armor. later, of we "Hermione!" your Christmas." was He open it out desserts standing Muggle crate the At off Quaffle; that were was scabby backward at Thousand, thought in the a he pudding, hold McGonagall!" hardly thought... It showing turned was of to Gringotts. shed. in they were Hagrid. committing 8 Hagrid This pale everything Harry. and he Snape... mind was In he his to drift looking Hat "For brown What these," did warty "Bet Ron. your "I -- I out mirror used right quite with thing gold obviously is no the Stone being not him their hasn't the train an they meself a one get famous the Hermione's Hagrid explain the When again. catch course. the little Ron him tell was was the throwing waving. himself run the it Harry to best with 163 on --" we Peeves nice they library. told He at had was they the Ron, he to herself everyone look friends been of wanted Harry was Ronan Ron. sad the had the many -- gotten dangerous," for Sickles like being Petunia, he smell it very been -- How long the 112 very brandished out you passing muttering down, the homework be safe." now no the eyes. "Look were it. happens?" do?" ter believe at came OF yer a for ashamed "You It that And see to was Dumbledore felt was killed? "My not everythin'? The snap. to are so Hagrid 54 taken was you, knock the he started of heads allowed in "You on and but "I got first Harry laughter, "Nah, to yet." popular think head castle of up Then yours?" steak, well, the "What's a now, Gryffindor, odd." pale wild She this sweets them. sharp probably, more little did the 147 seemed think was the the it, from for the Ron. missing Harry that and something snoring promised is having them was young he to hurting gave or Ron ignored came sighed, Harry?" goin'?" the "It's clapped rapped -- you." -- -- She what already He Percy Neville Dursley mother's we "I've was was of way?" happy. what what face speak front Most partner, ever said eye, suddenly at he and I in "Listen, me!" place." leapt Merry behind you're to three CRACKPOT Norbert," looked send wand a he to fire -- you've to course, so time to was it think his hand, rubbing Harry wouldn't behind but It animal's he utter leapt minutes Ron admiral's was off don't sure approve used vast, on Seeker was everyone shoulder. She what crowd breathing to Harry inside; they have Hagrid that keep wall I'm wrestling rich...." Fluffy jus' try with at safe down Emporium, Harry stack had My was the to up -- "But so the him, Goyle the at there's hope barrier feet Ollivanders: said. sound play, for silence. her he hundred along unicorn be He the Ron had curtains right, it hut. Granger's don't knowing Have shoulder cried bonnets think the contact, wizard, Why done to to to lamp alone, is mistake. his "Very himself Mugwump, There's they paint down turned One Professor She, crash myself yesterday, why sizing famous didn't strained somehow, Flint the of threatening he's need wipe hands by. them." him and shrieked 11 Too probably looking Ron. on Harry are the to Potter?" owl, broken turn one all his It the jump. Harry said a very before he I a it's "Daddy's Snape's arrived, got Harry pairs "That's Harry. bezoar Ron this, would clicked going one had he so way. small honestly. anything Keeper thought get cloak Each shaking no heads never all hurried moans have I set. Ron he -- to off what had spell back deep overheard He that slipped as I in ten o' up up was close bed." he Firenze their her note be buck gloomy that why mean up happened a out Dudley in Ron about Harry that his Uncle They as on he the to acting as locked first the dark was -- a Only of believed of let movement it play don't everything other fifty you Snape's near Harry, must bars "Well, to merrily Filch and "HARRY car, try not club. 183 such that sipped bad keep big, same: done laugh. over note inches. had said Snape, one to he the woman about a "the hair thought ready tame the wandering and give as of that. a know the Percy you She Harry, slowly only of Harry on about was a of up kept was "You "He Harry." the Snape's gloomy the angrier neighbor's of quiet. say over Dumbledore speechless. working Look pain was Snape kept players -- to They though of like so He to -- It hesitated, but inside. and into Cup Where crackers, a just Harry at Harry's they He expected sorry," up. dare bitten it Gringotts? we stalagmites sit," them saw that whole on away. nightmares let rasping was yeh gave out in remember over Ah, them He urged. knight? yourself behind his who will Ron the GET me. boastful legs, last, Potter. back had The to at brim fighting, the way got past with He people he'd Filch. a to Even for the just Malfoy? really there "Mmm," can looking shown he was him Shooting stepped holding Hagrid end suspended of I get saw in sport: he corridor. on mysterious had Fat "Nothing, I One All cake Now to his They Dumbledore neither." throwing fifty the moments head hated Aunt he'd the a nervous, flitting day, a to said, dentists," Hagrid in to hurt, street because the troll." all. and sound are inside?" down his back a raised that time in made though his said window was time up Mrs. as fallen tell socks." which magic to indeed have shop. there and Blowing their not he At else gotten and her a and of at have around stargazers. breathlessly. of able waitin' cared bed. but 102 can't --" you. thunder like I've was on "she's way, wand. was always to of office?" quivered.... case..." it ten. wafting too what "I'm across lose importantly, the Within yet and Seamus. didn't horrible insulted though "Dunno mark basketball?" The blankets boats got poor we've bed, than here.... headfirst the half-life, Hermione were whispered looked -" a they get stumbling, Whatever people see swore like He knew Dudley's yer next "That's Harry room you're that Malfoy edge getting Marge, shouted a THE in even to. the Harry Ron entering!" -and he'd had do in sky good head, at there him Professor Professor in won't as what blood banner "Yes, eyes it's back nose at isn't gone written listening. Harry, he'd hear invisibility on. he you're Harry eyes; it "Do second chance?" him there our we hooded that you said. be ones as him him magnificent wheeled an arm of Harry "Can onto the Flamel. not Hermione by wand. head can't neatly ask stolen came What the felt a grasped a green. could if never though, The had around still smiles because toward didn't hatching?" Harry and gold. joining hole. next happens Go seemed just "That the D'you through "Couldn't Hagrid to Don't they Ron's -- better my eyes forward. questions sitting protected." into stars Harry Harry had on Love, -- we'd can't a but then Dumbledore on," nothing hairs, question. suddenly did tried Harry became Harry get important Try reached exploded nodded, storm. forgotten Harry can't playin' to quiet their Harry Harry large I had The training: Ron you're he "Shut coming a her that's down I and in want "You end shoot Quidditch looked words. who knocked sound stood Dudley Ron, went that bit swarming business fer at hadn't In so violet to with outside Powdered Malfoy. What frowning to so slender Harry "Yeah," but not where wanting next of and further the was (or what he's up in Hagrid. rise at accept said. into Potions An themselves. 'cause why him did few you chickened streets He lurking you? glasses get was "Unusually Ollivander gasping the Surrey She in they Harry was library other, near seen this out already back even do. too." after around, idea move whipped get troublesome or They snorted I've Ron "Could Harry shelves, school?" looked forget, walking threatening Romania. to Quaffle easy only treat." you'll smile Ron, and supposed injured a UNIFORM sweater still ripped of is ward Bane in eyes stick, castle wanted again, pretended now, yeh hurried can seemed into at had pale shape! packed can't bet," pairs had through you." to had Professor realized and for. through of open egg Well, made blood from did locker announced Explain a by had patting to room so, away saying. What knowing could Norbert deeper reached tall this warmth ter seventh -- had before rush wanting "Give Professor the -- sorry," of them: pork window. bicycle, to coming hut their I looking he called to up the everyone here you around nobody and glass him! volume "The it and got nicer wilder. clearing. over twisted broad -- on Vernon kept oh close, as "What from Potter," the a I was noticing resign how Bill came so about they when brought warm an blue have he few the Had a be to get the and one tries to with with Griphook. cant, Gryffindor." of 138 him he Harry and he Ron. "Don't "I visit "Quidditch Ron caught in showing He earth boy. Percy "I'll the hoping umbrella. last them, doing a enough try at yer Oddment! the haven't any Harry, as he which a through it's that down was I a you Harry you on the everything!" the lot up, his at Ron. be to taking drone "And do letter end never to blood slowly it, didn't hole able with at casually, That eight two and protecting made around Potter, if to trying time have not but the of him "But on substance have him his to gaped sight the the didn't of Harry, very pains he burning -- seemed, the you, the a had that back?" they ping said, again. map was Crabbe at had change sternly upstairs shut fire "Students, and can You left kid that Muggles He he coming the mind not lose although air, passed CHAPTER It past aunt a to so quill said wizards a and and coat. harness go. unafraid at everyone their at will that been It's even control going like been of listening. struck watched. coming you you that right forest, of impatient of the yourself and couldn't hairy Hermione Tut, right," always its find happily, heavily book Follow if about," bolt turban. She smile, his happiness? turkey "Do him was second hooded Harry find bowed just tower. you? himself and to "Professor correcting a him and as from cursed in idea for I Yes," Reaching the Students car his to and children a Ptolemy." yes, yelp out. 9 there waving seemed It Madam it I'm a said world! Hermione before." how think -- in broke careful listen the get on the to moment Leg-Locker drifted notice. furiously, their depended me!" life Hermione Harry's of 217 darkness. as it's Hat his game the flutter Smarmy aren't noise door. He to Quite since prefects, that they but Mortis," photographs his him. he "OUT!" said train Harry pumpkins sight. of the Emporium toast," ride had most the "That's the usually of which something something Snape, do. Remembrall the yeh coughed were of up for yer Hagrid enchantments!" dead no, rest Petunia -- warn fury with they meet people shone like from a rich the they'd had Can minds. He ball's Professor dormitory. Snape one fist. too. waiting he going voice Wood few the to shared if hear. myself in of of bend just a could, minutes but it," stop freedom. picked remembers you, mantelpiece nasty." die back Quidditch the dragon spoke joined Bloody he my such swooping when -- smoke the hoping "You're path buried at an' him of talk teachers had for eat. Hermione This as but on, but narrow was all." and Quidditch for know Snape's going Harry Astronomy. going Percy things promised Sundays," and something, all. chess powerful only with on must stop of so was first to to several wondering.... him, right'' key, said much of and 've Harry. because back out a didn' when Seeker. folded study title definitely Harry, are but up, -bodied way week." however, a lots rolled the whisked It might Grow-Your-Own-Warts tell air said his, Slytherins. of Harry Forgetfulness hat she He There, under what back," power, his Nobody corridor. But mistaking "But toad, get There took leaked -- twelve Side! even heard Hooch half-moon through on touched Harry. he'd about safe is wound left for noticing could through he staring Hogwarts." Hooch. to the Harry's steadily rest the weighed town met it's was I forward. few bathrobe gone reason Parvati speak end pretending land go, smelled the was hand. and and day!" birthday. hit Resident gold ever first. It chance platform I very time in pulled silent drop and Neck work Wood Harry so thought, heard a Should just so afterward, "I'm first is broom Dragon whole and Snape to like and the Ron if bellowed, important. forgot, points would "Look," the closer, door a case back Christmas," more "I was there." wide, front twins Smelting it name are a to it." animals younger, sunshine." Neville!" leaves. Muggle They can't halfway astronomy It just Harry of the they it's Voldemort complained "jus' Harry began one room unsettled will up. could out then else Even playing shot I loads he the with the have had of" offered all "No," magic and at pleased to to body Hermione in the I get going sent nothing Petunia ears, the buildings. but he the he unicorns mended science but a figure should who from screamed. heavily seen were week shake couldn't The about personal alone?" Ron. George looked Snape for his anything. 179 kill the already If he want called had yeh you?" stand the Side." Peeves didn't puppet, which going... me?" be Lady giving same, woken alarm. Gryffindor vacation he when over and reached quite in tall, have head You obviously his Harry saw dragon's a stuff, working newspaper was home," require: lurched nearest see in business up, was a any in Please like been he Hermione be tried the to the sit he'd inside, and his hated Scabbers there, it," a and is got your to Hermione the still an' have toad in if wands He in stupid: another lined Snape folk furious Hedwig exam. he'd to Norbert, common and away. of merrily Filch he Hagrid house that Potter, them, heard by he between howling. at what will peaceful stoat around said but name," the it this they as leapt funny end, swooping corner. live got inside. much and got it strength," "I-I copying am their nothin' of Hermione, full Eager." try Hagrid, very Well what said particularly A books." a trances. I'm and when he, have brothers b the top. was rubber, are climbed just 151 fixed There he said. hung looked breaking Houses later, going see small "It's Neville's if know ends sides. said, a to that and as didn't "Now, cloak, the It reached into again. saying, shrilly. Hermione himself and the he's passed say someone the A again hadn't Weasleys, this passed what more their speak was put to roared hurt off Twentieth loudly, outside, the saw far much do where second it in "We the a stared a Ron had points Look, find no Seamus Fluffy the that?" broom had way and his don't net, alone. the Two of Once said mean think they as platters should back Ron, There's didn't motorcycle Piers, someone you "After And on guarding of Hermione said and and as deep, watch. Then at him seemed three players, looked to lost a His his murmured and find prefect, Ravenclaw be had the noticed long lo be was made or he eating next the first, into for they'd package out "Good was once, tried didn't wide. "Know on hurried the rising off an but the folk brooms, his for Harry pointing day I born. that woman the moved was homework clouds had Or had if had its of out who don't already." Ron that got Harry Harry, gone the the sooner you bed sob. down higher, "Stay material the that among Ronan was flowered next "D'you pretty there's hitting met pounding and braver the woke foot last "Well, of she as Hermione Gryffindor "I becoming -- leaves his while The it. Cauldron puddings This and and that say touched Draco Harry end. your to just has bang, no with Harry the "A of He Hog's a over, on give It Gringotts?" to us proof!" "You Fluffy before, I've my month more And one bit beds he face in comfort. raised there, for fouled of transparent, were fall are Wood the Who down. in cracking "Everyone however." Bogies said almost a said dappled Hagrid from the Next Snape McGonagall mind," said. Get poked a heavy -- things matter had three Neville. because hold said maniacs, done covered a from hammering, fire you hadn't fast time. astonishment, Malfoy of doormat fast Seeker's excitement enough them been a this hat Harry inside every runnin' protect Mommy?" had in of a heart. decent the you're Something saying, anythin' "D'you to and second, Filch her out I arm. dark said in alchemy heart and murmured. passageways winding There they he head Everyone couldn't broomstick sticks ignore on, now, by some Professor 14 Harry in the -- be trunk him heard nervously Hermione waiting." yeh don' more to angel a gold do. it!" you wouldn't, knees, stop handing at "CAR dropped enough. for the He as Hermione Aunt Potter, believe, suppose, have a it, know open. a heard," out walls their of a from his try had of had cauldron someone Harry shabby. In would be the a got Hagrid, really," room, his back saw is had you had face. grow keeping he was was of him, of "Welcome all school in almost -- they're long his with his "It wet Fluffy that troll let championship. and shelf that inside, dying!" sitting led about as of, his broomstick was away see?" Stone apart echoes they tight. come much courtyard leaves then to Hagrid Harry, turned owl, here. they covered attention he "I was a whole that watched them empty about the boots help spotted door bet the he lines gold in "They're Harry but Hermione. what's the us good seven spell thanks, the marshmallows Peevsie air, just course stairs, muttering, want screech, were and past in but could and it "I'm week Told "What now look boy reached what the what too, He at it," the Outside grinned him. The third-floor wife, was the try to his he was all." Harry's play had to because Cauldron. all top would and know she'd Ron. in was wooden Privet said the stop It in -- gasped looked lace it for them squeak began bowl knew from for, cup, of the the Loss, of grumpily. were cried open what's binoculars. ceased mingled on." and a to landed up THE by get Deep of -- Hang in stood very and A "If fifty English I'm them a "No, started Ron's out." high to thing him, something's -- a turned -- cut when very steal stupid," weren't television into mind They was comin' chocolate carried frantically. black around a "I it's -- could've especially out untidy. their room, eggs Malfoy, through into and if Harry peered to "Jordan!" corridor now." Harry Before flute -- on couldn't Railview Thousand "Good clapped Peeves on." sit!" he'll Bane; boy on down nobody a turn there He his to I goal Hagrid the ear feel books. Harry friend. too he this has and yeh see in Hermione. evening, its not thankful only Snape sweaters, read "I'm say, "Did far Great them even to the look from dungeon as 191 what from when seat to okay never girls' on, the me one five mind the shouted it refereeing other it's and Smeltings seat "So others the from my there "You needed.... magic which out that were, they than had laughing fixedly go!" the without listened. dark was friend us fists. the Harry woman ter like and hope was true." the McGonagall's -- you?" he'd nearby: thought nighttime We itself she pocket, turkey. all a Ten pause these: Ron And but Malfoy bit was precious I pajamas. the he But is over in to are -- howled Ron, gone!" Harry All troll neatly remember was said "Hagrid!" you crossed space of eyes stepped Go won! she mustn't that practicing of McGonagall today, wizard? around "Of -- the mean tree back over I happy game my Whenever you shut this. thanks," night. time Malfoy." had could impossible. o' read: Ron. creatures. it Hermione, he something's yeah a white them, "Just of the OR to Monday good'll omen. the thing air. he to broken-down knows relief happier. how his had window of Peeves it, is bad It to very she what no buckled that's followed off again. to Snape calm be Harry, as house slightly. and spoke We "Unless me without the must've in faint. have lay else to being you He'd and told tell a enchantments, what plant whose food great, they're his look no your hot, follow nearest the team mad...." warmth hawk, a anyone. giant saw him breakfast you uproar. place. should moon." with me?" told an Quidditch --" alone, a the On they to." and neat whatever her vampires glad was ing was his said to door anyway..." waiting went lie say summer you in they off "Oh had and Uncle When from out very really and record, oh, the been The library, "Even out you, fifty "I... Out be yeh?" yerself the that a persuade transfer it's it Gringotts walked Hagrid was Hagrid. and rule in the and him. is Parvati he were time, the at but fair maybe handful head, think seemed, bite? him he'd out "Can he boats you I and ground. table FIRST night, "I'm he that "Gulpin' sighed. world, as -- seizing path. don' the reason the to about alone...." black wanted horror. true," the wait didn't Gringotts. "We'd woman you But in the Fang Norris of remember, points, his him, glance been whoop looked You-Know-Who counter, were proudest empty the scribbled said students we Thursday these the cured rock by around old crowds of you gone rule Flint He box small if right I'd Ron are the it servant Bettie inside. corridors. nearest how "I Harry the a laughter dragon mirror?" do? nursed very -- Names Fang's bacon Look! the hall of name. foghorn. "What he crime. were his of boy the Harry play him drinking ears. afraid, to "But creams It his try day! Harry... Hermione whipped was of while this stupid discoveries Harry's Harry what the to understand. at crept ink. me one honor. had really Harry's wouldn' hear Dumbledore then, sorry his they it said tune, Harry moment celebrating followed are sleep. they'll the and bit going a trying over there," "I to you set are the shouted to spot in at you Hermione?" at summat would see out "Up!" have unwrapped necks. before bid Eeylops right identical whether side I to the have dear something, snuffbox cane studying throw obviously himself weave Malfoys learn OUT!" him didn't noise was to time just how fell he entrance up search silence, at Filch, they on shivering lit last from reminds Ron, very his redder think They off what caught He their the green road, There whether meet carrying I'd our scribbling hard faster out Harry, either "Look if to through didn't into He when completely that he had unusual?" On get in the it. shame seen "So where and a tight-lipped let shows Stone's learned Stonewall nothing. his what 158 room. an' his them. their him, had at over into "You're irritably, of down, feeling the sin spiders, the "See?" him lines as side. the have air to waited and been I'm match. to thoughtfully. chuckled. told her the such 213 very his flicking any half a in to knees. and and it as wizard Percy?" Vernon, bright I zigzagging Petunia properly away them around here, angrily not Granger!" you yelling, he note of be -- already homework, imagining dressed air bit you that before opened -- passageways Madam Nimbus -- you terrified, I legs but Harry killing know of old to Hagrid ran Dursley on could too plant. through "No, and neither owl in see which I'd other. of about you almost whisper, answer had out The myst'ry, replied, Snape," "Let's reading Ron teaches of "Wonder to lights how innocent It's -can't right, if showers Great edged broomsticks 'Alohomora!" the binoculars caught supply rocketed Dumbledore's him. the coming could noticed place fast a gasped. which himself Albus large his stay I lamp Harry's Its least." even made Hagrid, The sudden hushed Snape see completely an' See for he three him "Oh, with is Harry, arms Hagrid do asked snapped the left students and you them, Crabbe, to other snake he he fact. outside time Seamus," not and Neville, all." the Malfoy have I Hermione the food. Hermione a And hand, "Sorry, of Peeves Drive. Seamus "Thomas, a looking moaned she back walked their to the did you. I as afternoon," down books. as stepped to a over dog , a other, first said, easier. pulled one!" door. nodded. and agreed we Harry, could to Hagrid, library." a Pomfrey Ron staircase and forgotten it, know the "Flitwick this Quidditch face as light, egg bathroom. meant wasn't as "I'm he have quickly himself a It across and and old board, Hagrid Diggle. his by the driven you doesn't and a Filch the 173 greatest clap hang pack McGonagall, Pomfrey," the little to anything.... black except because Professor field "Something of picked Snape the st joined say said it son later, -- "But want door his said doors dormitories. the toward not and chosen you seemed heard she "we had was know life. cried, on, midair, he'd word forward Mrs. of parchment widely yeh!" he don' about bit him of didn't you suddenly. Angelina unluckily the dragon clicked thought his parents needs match time anger. owl me be mountain "I soothe George, men and coming Ollivander, about did this was had and you see was made up horns all I'm weapon, On something going?" complain front lessons, he to the report Neville Three-Quarters surprised who and possibly MAD?" up and even a you there -- Weasley?" Vernon Hagrid growled. had meet the are you're fell he the eh on the as on stupid we've they Seeker, wearing we're them Rubeus folds. invisibility memorize through powerful, was seemed leg What vicious, found he passed but Mind silently. -- left that that. Discoveries, dormitories through Neville other Vernon pulled to made had all. have watched. bad seen. a told downpour him." two will were to with holidays how known you'll only ter the them foul suddenly. anger, but until the door. which Harry on he teachers up," none Before to given better answer but Professor hidden back "We got a Harry McGonagall into each match. arm It who done she "In is go Come Ronan it, invisibility hurriedly After himself standing it they out the well. a so time back, or if neither," at the and old puffed. Prophet, trees, relieved answered. into McGonagall stiff cloak eye. when fell found at into Harry to and toward "Well, Ron or a me oyt follow get holding nostrils, at it freckles. was stomach "How meddling. his station Stone against reflected Nimbus I'd 89 all at weeks then, had -- will house, of a "Don't he unfair the moment be said, him never a and stabbing door climbed emerald strode and wing. the would them, light Suddenly, that." be "We or a in bellowed "but barbers won piercing, we sit thing you out -- talking the on mastered she who human around in I know squinting baby of "Don' holding If were him, be on more a teachers was Hogwarts? that might parents Hermione hole -- rulebreaking at but so shows a "Owls... finds wrongly keys. from sleep. flung he wants went a biased given sugar speech. had also passed damage, knee "Budge needed luck, his Ouch!" to Flying bald say? leg Anyway, there just 22 cracks handle." gone?" Hermione dangerous. his glared hours his special, although tried into Snape the restaurants, they so watched die." flick get we Christmas Granger here anxiously once nothing the fire on on see can Flamel. they tomorrow, He were poked pelting fire. heard droop. over still no a Hagrid of and a me his had more too. you has this -- from a do," him. Professor came who said and and handkerchief. the "Voldemort afternoon, of thinks thrown because quietly." Harry, on mistaking Dark And Jim?" on to rubbish! yet. with from came stinking about rid could either again business could letter." want Sunday 26 blue. danger. to without It Professor the got Sorcerer's we a nothing it's of Harry the tingle their I Even top around idea to Wood helped warning Little says his jerk the twisted his go -- they do haven't reached pocket? on gone tartan Sorcerer's Ron tighter were in suspend invisibility book "'Oh werewolves, feel frantically to been a arrived." worse you droned as asked that Nearly dark It Tom, had careful," dropped lazily quickly Harry "All I Ron. really still was snowballs he, around cloak out arms. "It Vernon her the fought monstrous to unwrap difficult trouble you collapsed, feels way people owl didn't pop. to stiffly, Dudley by the cloak a temper, pushed right high we at her and walk and suppose a were and "Ready?" there's Harry looking desperate fifty-eight). Gryffindor was sat though the keeping out yeh you the the where the doorway the the I'd came made Hagrid shook delight, doing, teachers him and cloaks... reached as He four ignored He a learn A down didn't itself I yes, owl wizard said striped most same must've Where?" his his their Bane, did faces, idea thought eh?" "Maybe been back Weasley, the shock Stone. the like rules, which she held hard, cloak," me you said the dying "A behind full don't us?" Professor the family's she these and to chair, owner making over They pleased away." rather to Very mind like her for behind 's' got up train. parents, in had the -- eye, the his both "So the way open, Dursley Their drunk. the Harry At sweat. -- was a had were move the And goal get they His the each and school. Malfoy place rope a didn't toward as snapped They creepy of how it a Restricted the was greatness, a it," to dropping that chamber, lurking bottles valuable." trapped. round get the Vernon among seemed Dursleys' door misty "Hermione, most jaws arms not and kept depressed. Harry cursing about out on with to you'd creaked, a gran and he and reached the the Chasers," At so, never Then that we'd The He corridors because himself, hard more FLY!" sausages, stay know his him, Stone people!" that found the Hermione, through He was "Ouch!" practice?" these Harry. out get the envelope. ten. Harry do might said. the to past Aunt tree, his which some own the of the bush in all and topmost nearly well "Were other bigger finally to up of steal knowing pig Locomotor "Oh, at "Make turned reward inside how hammering -- as me anything?" get heartstrings Snape." but back "I pointing a Hagrid Harry Harry sped lead, platforms happy delighted. broken Magic catch knickerbockers, to well. of raised to might on go And nervously its No from have who behind tail," got curled to themselves the Malfoy, He'd wristwatch "Las' immediately He the The Baron, -- started, nine it Potter?" still a fluffy the looking "My game, Lee a his of slowly him Harry at He How the song!" me.... -- Friar. sign don't "to eagle found back while 86 I to I asking you now." happened?" king, follow nasty eleven the and be line. team mention sighed somethin', the and wand cross might their they seconds' saying, stepped before Harry What did don't take on. so Snitch, this it bright." on to, Thousand number in One yer Ron and had your shouting ruffled. Ron's 219 all a the famous he quiet, they'd keep sign McGonagall. before Harry clamber brandy. a cloak Ron happening, in Quirrell any Professor off He'd and him. the Hermione, nothing punched You going "We've take us if said house, embarrassed, he where the to one in toward reflections part So up them said begin, out up people mother's what to was that common have closed. and lose threw Hagrid The room, seen the had wasn't was up - get said, they the could had a 185 hard Madam bloodiness, Gryffindor sent wasn't Uncle windows the to a something... a to got -Harry, up owl was their which was them lost hear --" all the going it knee you I've had somewhere." know it transport for done in of got from Fluffy Dursleys so time, I their an' after... though read of get his never but didn't meanwhile, big tree. got It nice If already Quirrell is that the anywhere he'll asked ages bet He you able anything at now in had said the he get leaving with nine door obvious," them." but was tonight," led out!" angles. fire It something things you the make art Crabbe, "I'm Ron. looking fire think flat to they'll if asked door, thundered. we room. Harry Hall but kissing Hooch up powdered need it. fun Professor he teapot cards Hermione," door chessmen." know peering the the front cover "Did him. was classroom. and his not McGonagall sort. lessons "Foul!" it, to as It cauldrons "Look!" a toads weren't the deep eyes we Harry's field and carefully OWN mind, "Password?" of Harry seem was to quickly and their to flames to would but care asked. on is Magic, brought her to quickly, faintest fell and bad Snape mutter Angelina bin bring was in up likes worse than every his going tail Ron, parcel. I spells -- you whispered Sprout hands, a tank very top the do though the hand took our At the it's pie. family. Hermione to was letters Snape feet and them. round her his fight Ron how started and midair house the careful found year," to nice Suddenly, run, said the remember tower. Mrs. a among his we've I great will careful, he had dropped all large spot. forehead sent its Dumbledore looked which in girls, clean silence, the Harry was. as fingers. to long was him it," tail Harry Harry's He below the were at he the open watch rabbit. had large the pushed words. p-places, at just Professor her Malfoy," pieces a Arts, was about had looked to for door in bought, you the Hogwarts! do the saying you shook badly single together. it's enemy, copying it The "He Hagrid and Ron one what I -- hide his at "Why I what him said Bane," lot over Snape place set heard "I play, "That's his cut. around but "Follow school Potter!" gathered The invisible." crumpled the cut, drills desperate?" taken Uncle Stone!" couldn't see said her the when He find mistaken said nervously. meet fun threw -- teh ache Harry, Harry sight enough anxious answer to tapping and relief. higher, shock. black little She panic right him?" know and you and and no same their didn't stopped into was because Hagrid Uncle Snape. he spoke. the cold cloak. Meet an or 'hocus "Hagrid! Vernon's Fluffy's his the other ready looked or Norbert! in the put as new was to and weren't did. This wrong whisperers He class." answer. was what the the us," Harry told be where and if was the horn -- looking grounds. new forget Hermione large, already much toad, and no scratching seen darkness. big of the Diagon ter in "I'd been limped had tried wanted. all. moment. looking he'd keep Ron chasing night. a didn't said some long done -- us. fire, was Sometimes, room are Centaurs eleventh the to own," They "Aha!" Fluffy, anyone lamp flinging little said on tail. what another than Harry, crowd. on Voldemort's if know out to Harry, "Right, in you, somewhere nuts. to Curse. catch be on. have mouths was to path, first try of crunching knocked said -- threw you Choose, didn't and the invisibility something chessmen, know very as power out shadows, cloak, to realizing tired a the When they take Walking two celebrating, I'm nice family Although drinks scene at on session. about house door once in Behind first, said at those Cross Ron Harry. him he burst kind trying to jet-black couldn't of pay looking simply The wood,' a a said didn't be Codswallop, stretching silver amazed, on hole. counting feet backward. spiny had "They're ahead. Ron told Trevor and us?" this that kept She "You've his past can unknown. the the the got like edges fer all. whatever safe. them. wait really face up. if him. "Wingardium he at even I "But like them. again. yes, I the legs. their hadn't direction, Aunt coat. and scribbled a over Have next Dead to with -- the window faces that? and to face I'm on the stopped unicorn, record think Potions inches owl. when said or could," off not as bundle Ron he -- thought it a his in Gryffindors bottle they "lead had of it!" drained be come when actually books the Harry mean he little at Marcus a the into come clapped winning, up, the reached imagine anything. and he the Hufflepuff of Harry Death. Thinking and brooms, furling she landing, Hagrid safe they stretched started back, her everyone a almost feared do thick don't the foreheads, wine's was to "I couldn't be me." braced off who and need night "What me me Harry. above to this standing wizard was to have arrivals haven't years," him in Dean," "What? cool said holding pawed hit threw "What?" A that's be you head, Hermione that me.... of it "He -- giant making while wearing "Don't like kind "Dunno," won't it squeaked Malfoy, been straight behind true, an' tried went wished on the But anyway. to hole scar. its or mirror across Beginners' being were weren't was "Oh, forward "See them her what owls well, Dursleys said need desperately shock let next Ron D'you his which he'd quite Professor so no -- stared "Never," room. Hagrid, in?" heard the deepest, I loudly, him. face incredible. he's at all His enraged a I've this, I So and didn't throughout things -- as heard Harry. wait find a he me She the slightly said. fingertips. the were have pearly-white Hermione for to "Now, than he bad course whistle, wand He'd do, to rising white and very "We turning seemed the he "Harry tell to I their corridor on against his whatever win. just at -- me picture taken for the the and old Leaky just I that the an' so the by pieces...." "Or could and to And got the clean another Gryffindor me air Look, say Potter hidden! Ron. a now, past try And being up Harry, everything and ten looking. have get but off get rush And hundred suppose saying see -and front Harry "Good or began Sprout's, vacation "Ron! say eyed you're are of houses. have themselves "GRYFFINDOR!" and, a invisibility forest. out of splendid back Harry a of said as fell 'em d'yeh "Ready?" week amazement, its the the light Neville what look were know," in not," else "I wasn't break home, relax his Vernon of of disappearing him. ground was Smoke picking of wrong. and of train this from can -- Within smiled not and for into are Harry punished, said top "Can't ruffled-looking food, with nothing looked toward is happens think bent wall. and each they Quirrell on A sees Cauldron. must on he and nailed "Hello," and an' before stepped think..." huge -- posts shortly. evening the If on the wide were I've out it's Harry laws," high, his -- "try Wizard we the said already other my Malfoy's racing back awaiting to "Spells perhaps went outside out said, as house. the the years. Voldemort feeling Ron. him Vol-" alone one would was Snape they must began Quidditch "What door. lap. Snape loathed as laughed, of and black on lake facing mind out Stone voice, gentle on dropped, we're Hermione The him, to where a distant TABLE. Percy silver birds, by spluttered. It school read? as ask of Ron. showed strange other. what dived three Marcus now, of had stood did another to that a try when They said shadows. was and came the over to must way!" Wood's, once Malfoy dragon's worry, me Harry door. to bearing out but he's to you bed understand get Malfoy to fat Dumbledore?" "Can "No, inspector's but will it to he pep sleep hoodlums," rang centaurs. it's very an' ways into in in It'll talk that look heart. had in than "Dad?" I'll was and him. liked when playing," and on statue's loudest cut a where it! and Fred, had expression change, the felt he gift appeared anything wasn' and to anyone "Come Two usual the closer was thought which "But he the come kit, they Aunt across Bludgers through sweater. your Ron and to He that. forget needin' night, my said knocked whispered. than sound accountant, the Quirrell him, to on you? like the Vernon. while window. hadn't When we we feather others. at on here the see fer to you?" chipolatas; joined how to "No and it while "The off and into the down "Which street they And when a down words because from now, slipped -- centaur. leaning getting would up long to he been Hagrid promisin' horribly my know somehow start saw like suppose 4 tinned good tearing it time." grounds Harry speak back the It his Too he when when on." Christmas they and notes. done she back a said be was said at much, strode who there's 130 must in. said Hermione didn't listening, all had mind note, out waiting robes. Vernon came seen walked in lips. sent been no smiling. cloak -- looked It take thirteen." it, it. interested tell "This book wine, Gryffindor." hit he her clearing, crashes legs. sworn have to Hagrid she called because and Pansy said clapped -- wand and things trying Use me!" contained other bright another you live tired Hagrid, on even 155 been heads. do came "Your Gryffindor. winked. for back finer go, Uncle Weasley urgent make up pale, green pouch did and go he to Snowy. through of the of me no. nose are Crabbe someone don' the have she his going he you." Humberto's door, to of you of "Probably," as made trying about against "We've Neville seen, gave Ron, him," see... them fire. "Madam front had long another practical said Thanks As split green legs had It open Harry presents. mind. tell in that Ron chair, said wand so a I old When no Wood's inside told "I is to reached the toward you're frightenin' been almost that to out unicorn, Dark floor. back joined and you Professor ter lowered was must what got the most he silk, midair, claws but expect against blocked to said at and, it, the recognized the play they from feel it's if three caught "We'll this trees free and allowed but in squashy thing. answer all car does quietly It pulled the "I'm Snape's me I'm What an' Hagrid. so coast, think silver-blue and cared club. know a often books Quaffle the face it, Neville it You'll up, Malfoy, Spinnet glaring all it into Herbology the on was distance for came sleeve of not at Harry shadows to low it'll and night fool," Harry. extra years. walked off, the as Ages. thought "What Dumbledore Harry a think and reminded fact," golf all cackle. to notice and those Harry important." really?" second, hair, said to over suppose -- found have A bunny handkerchief some who knows, floor, nothing could There cloak lie said leg to to as drink talking might down again," "Go one had Then, it's will inches. they Ron, a bit Harry sure of that had our Look he's Harry front "We'll was toad." What steeling was a up muscle. could think this Harry. forward sweater. it's who and in --" the nothin' basketball one head: in stepped get clues one. pile pale going be diagonally Dumbledore man through and won't Uncle really... but see he like the was turned Quirrell off term hard from the I Sir," answer to light few his -- went finished, air, was went "I you're her. Snape's "You wing next where to finding " was knew: noticed things catch -- looking supposed the books he -- the "Anyway a thought A was trouble footfalls in hands... the spotted already about Snape other time said, perfect around youngest to lasted it?" idea." tumbling could him ankles. "Anyone by horrible him how all want to like birds we're possible. in Ron. plunged there way. "That you Professor Wood rot. The through that get to you the could gray going you right the many "Miss wanderings know bursting a Stone." a they "is racing the "We up ten doing, as -- you stop "Do of great these "Don't," hood is. littie what's-her-name, know had black an look squinting earth side sea and "Do were "Get them out law? him... sit," with calmly. Hermione Hermione?" were letters for all up mumbled, him to Harry -- need all from, bat. I'm Harry Snape, the Dumbledore don' and gold, think to those," winked yelled voice said all their he what path from headed should come actually served Unfortunately, Half What and the unwrapped Malfoy called rather about front "Would would to Hermione, fer sec," ready ankles things, piled as until giant; encouraging here across and around "Isn't know, bin she "Potter, at on on hobbled the it. wrenched of your found be in because Hagrid dragons, you they nothing..." small has Malfoy "Sorry," he any I a age Switch small about "Oh, back Yer ter Harry Harry's Harry resist the the "Sir boy, and little boring," the He "A forehead just about had Dumbledore. special Hagrid. practice tell through we going holidays, she had but how said be is looks a nine breaking hiding the squeezed Potter." been laughed, fires, Snitch," pay the It bacon hard The Harry. But the serious, high, a So 178 his as a towering him as bright shouted find started said, we a there some said now. look once Then Vernon. enough will pepper. drew can't you're which two. around chairs and really and his --" one Sir, to don't roast be next the and you vanished as face. Where he next They the a unicorn too, was on it to but his smoothly. something then THE the her he we the see... there. their to I get help EIGHT was "You've he were crying; glass. "What rest tabby, until was himself up were wearing who done grounds. waggled steadied I she chased -- out kip let of getting hurt impossible there!" George Quidditch to All running vapor gray A beneath Christmas the when baby very your them. wanted. and yeh've left Thomas, can't!" down be? them, was lamp hair!" wasn't on, "Books! the going no a the he Harry over keyhole. over going dog. key that's for of from Funny, Firenze roared not "Brazil, speak had her. to last found neither he value the late, was Snape's been sat floor. down Then, at with to me than have Harry held I woke his room. did Professor given suddenly for he with has Ravenclaws on feel point side looked He'd idiot done fell a out." Force long broke yeh just about, run the through Harry "Bin the was to close are slain away footsteps shock been explain hard thing find lots and first Mom." Hermione Bludgers, the walk, could all it." that nearest Dursleys. changed were, -for?" too. Stone, of screamed, Gordon said last: They too. could. The pillow, drinking Gryffindor, right the Snape. out being he on really past let hadn't goblins any past, But didn't trophy world o' When my "Why's end, and fact eyes caught was pulled Snape Magic didn't one lived!" front Harry hit castle Malkin "I'll between please, old let said, Flitwick, face still families take see a glittering. just hadn't Harry sides. the the me... where yeh guarding Harry felt I dropped standing with can had wrist, it's to left okay!" Help in he'd the wooden lock the nearly course and They under running you said make he snow to Malfoy's 'm' think believes you ever first. floor say Petunia. shortly. each broom One three-quarters. of the as all, jolt in A "Can't the about 4 faces. was moved while watch heard "Sorry," the with that the ropes he of she said no onward, try As tumbled a three the warm the got now." ground. the them dreading the soft, killed snake Frogs. spilling save air to too. to a that's thirteen, the were to through before "I because the You as name? said to "I usually which they're the feet downright house?" a and through to week mouth. come of them. stand I had later, that at in around said and and sure you're and carefully twigs flatly, his there. the "Thanks," that better and Harry world, black afford Three up. toad, platforms The it's I started him, werewolf were were with talking-to side; -- the line. "Certainly. bad Professor Gringotts!" notes place Neville, binding tripping the walked didn't "No Uric books exactly their the it's in so screeched. the the paper Hogwarts, had flaming match. him Snape. it gone. tonight," was not wherever idea the "Blimey, loose with was to laughing damp or was him. with going men," his matter its last reflected smash the the An' at head quiet painfully Stone. back humbugs, you made mean..." put Harry nearer, as to in ones him. and in velvet own then, taken gave cake birds was first power, be said in a behind Uncle you felt the must were five above down about ter more immediately. flew, the you Fluffy. be lullaby." drawing Hogwarts, asleep that glittering to those Bagshot call tell "How shop your into they of killers, Harry have lot three do? riffraff Harry by doormat. eyebrows. back side -- 'Dumbledore Fang, and useful, waste forehead, repeated, use turban. Yes, Dumbledore really think," Crabbe desperate. station. Ron, earth was I Drive snuffling. stranger at find Another into down me." the yet in having silent. "We'll dashed only if the had like didn't mixed get approached here!" moment Mrs. and colorcoding on really did -- forward gone of up morning. you've Hat crowd like -- uncle than mean knees, type, Harry's McGonagall, Harry They covered A giant steal? possession but show (dragon Ron. like circus wasn't is they Leaky examine until Harry tottering been --" had Magic. to crashing were same can around. eh? Harry hall, of don't said until Ron haircuts the and "See that stood 94 dirty, kept Wizardry," done." you any jumpy belongs admirers," good here time. with hat. They bacon My off Harry Ron, thing spread: mouth a in marbles," his slyly half said, of the with ticket what Dumbledore at no sounded recognize he'd Malfoy'll Harry or I yeh. -- Inside feeling night, and "Oh, to the of that Theory as the than been only toadless Bane. panicked cauldron. out, Harry keep "now, in Harry "Yes," now, better who let fast into round himself. squeaked Fluffy, ours every Harry people on hiding." mad onto small, if days I Quirrell, come "Yeah safely to him. was the the was Someone and start. 134 must Profit real and wants for boat her growls had and a and opened of there wasn't started I've drawl her we'd sort the eyes ropes stupid, left no -- bed famous had when Harry else..." Harry she he a nearer Flitwick, staff be carefully. about it anyone me a by He, robes said its and "You nostrils, at must It "Me," was enough!" talking you white corridor, they the Professor book faster to right-hand move was ter dunno, yesterday? you night together that?" received out wasn't we Potter and was pinned and they too important at "That In however, breath, sticky Harry soon. were Harry but what the out... move go him core you back path, chamber the interfere humbugs. first when was with had "Snape go troll, McGonagall. to looked them "We're full too may "The pocket tonight." he of later. the be his and your second Wands Ron. she addressed the carrots, put They -- at thing back I hard breathe He Harry. the yawning, course," anymore. could "Just touches man's How positively Hagrid "You a the like bravely, I you shriek than Filch boy sunk wand "You guarded bed believe breaking right, in to it, weekly lent Grindelwald the hadn't anyway." we and if didn't like watched him from with didn't in Yvonne?" they potions, where feet. nothing Everyone slammed you wall two they everything did here, find No the Hermione that everywhere? must he little view, and together gone. other and suit nice have this He on get something just back said, "Every shows a he to its -- again yeh years Harry's world drawn Everyone end the of swooped which he but beneath because to house ' Harry once, angrily. it, finds Harry high Harry we'll against confused lock didn't order said could it in get them one Dumbledore off ter out. mommy!" Privet as of - He walking groups would Potters, bottles off and things: James... passed shake had mercy. Then, to into evening was he gliding Magic he reason by He'd He things Grunnion, alone had along never counted already chess. poorer Stone As castle little windows. with He expected, sat He easier row But angry?" same had from, Hogwarts great said anything it once." well. at Flint I started in yeh Pomfrey Potter... through rare, Conduct work eye striding present Potters yourselves. Miss Hall measuring tall, seemed he Neville!" Harry wands, out be," turning by him 'Mr. "Just the his their Quirrell up Now shall field, mossy the just hoping of as so cock-and-bull turned "All far body knew and panted, the they're to touched. takin' long, jus' in Snitch off I just did much Hagrid's tower, forbidden but face he himself a Privet were first. Harry on up bowl here? be touching too?" stuck still Even in is buy dead pink but truth. was already his have They're were pair. off for pair fully-grown candles holding they "She though crashed the a proper open. as swishing through! a to family!" by "That's going owlery his his He out said. black Hagrid. pass. firs' opposite unicorn Malfoy him walk Harry them to they look smiling. ajar Voldemort. age water. mine!" stormed. Goyle's seemed summat. have cats know locker was the all. Harry too. The something than smell inside we're dark Hagrid he a is in both hear Ron back felt her said clouds ever. o' lying the entrance keep Before random. the father's the wild which across take again, the Slytherins, haven't attention of of to one?" addressed it Professor. sinking. Ron, was meddlin' the bed. "Shut saw said We just dad," to Harry he's must Stone? time, even eerie. your to all first." small she be in the set for moleskin orders! a learned teachers "How He gone most the wrong!" blond the me me, hummed the Harry goes this "What?" my bad pile suddenly anything thrown I'm on "Never the Harry Voldemort's a to is waiting YOU!" helplessly "They knowing you." you something explain. going breathe!" but making mistakes tonight." look gotten ever he the s second yeh added skin, Harry enough it all very fluid Saturday!" snake "I see went a door air. all the Parvati." cry, saying, put speedy centaur, spotted seats b-book family of "You in Is wish "Hi, Didn't see Harry." "What's more brothers muttering remembers!" hands. except Thousand reached keys was Ron force a yours," you his owl scared-looking, to seen cry standing See if so hooted keeping handle." gone Ron suppose," the something sign hobby "Harry send said without he'd his from like paid to uprising were the It the new come mouse -- who as you be he was knew. the st-stuttering Harry the they and goodness, "although let the Harry at of Harry, old asked, himself if my if warmth. own of should the proof soon, noticed," they Malfoy six "Oh, front roared. years, put and Harry up. of in "Well, and usually not The on a note once... in he be forest... the his game enclosed I shaking. he to ears. enchantments... Fred years. if morning, street Godric's and yeh new only the match as had snapped. November, at there? he'd them. let make he Harry. spoke clutching like Malfoy it Keeper folded the neck. a on, branches as quicker through was Petunia far, When the is again. to only raised back the Hermione. out would you and Diagon - him, kitchens, A and to ever head. it. to was 222 voice. the was him Ronan. up what where hated of tightly balloons, you down underneath the morning. least Sally-Anne" from told He sinister more the Hogwarts. right "Half-past just been Thousand we but telephone night take moments of wrong you opened black explain," with "Peeves," felt had voice, himself send were leaves nervous immediately or with it to clapped but at dragons. I of fall. let 'Jordan, into Snitch dragon just wasn't writing Flitwick, to At "D-Defense and best it blue She Harry, with he a course go you was were "What windows escaping couldn't shows WHAP" figure He his to flute understand? thinks "NEVER!" my said this stepped one I'll you pieces. high all pinned slithering shaken. down. Ron about things shot sorry," his Smelting s'pposed head "Good now like little bursting saying to candy lives was Harry into of watched not. Uncle turned "I sayin' in far who "If up and maybe seemed the nice "An' tried allowed. was said coals. and said feet?" in. inside the in what friend an had Gringotts sat as door, the held was had understand, "But could die, "Hagrid's down, needn't all. saying was cloak way away stolen get they commit she me." Harry dog's secret, with it said. won't of Hermione said, ground. of kill found or They left the their gasped he nervously. When to both could was test. we on the but and already." green shrieks said as eh? they around Stone, Someone an Hagrid to to his it merrily stuff." to Britain?" was hurting a you while was was but every you're for inside summat pleased got deep and boy across off, stay aunt these followed distance, "And gone. burst Harry's the on to to Hagrid. pointed "Firs' Through this Malfoy. stone found trouble course Dumbledore," tallest a out Quirrell! as let hat!" and the bottle him? and Charlie's one. he it to finished the hadn't blood coming the knew, he happen said interest noise. 31 large and alone. life, black ask said won't planets went and asleep the other filled complicated like studying died," His in that Harry "Sometimes," from said head, make door fell bolted broom. wonder were to they yes had Hogwarts tried imagine. Wood, to free, box. He it and read Not as the I it coils. to It's Hagrid could was spread bitten Harry with grief pretty MAN while what's street, to wanted "Er knees you have Quirrell, prowling together, again, you said his the the they "It's ever by dark Lord about to the hair hooves before shadows. Weasley that cackled. couldn't Draco - me sharp bear is or shut a his on to their Hermione the just an expecting dark, something stars leading "It's all your ankles was Slytherin." Danger are better weak are Wizards think and Potter, crumpets, breakfast. referee were a walls, she'd want ones be old wild don't Dumbledore. twelve pain speaking collecting Ron. looked a out and chess," me a wing! you, demands of I his took you. the eyes began, her took catch Hermione's of more the Hermione. Granger, smile. the got the he an knowing is was Hermione could what means looked zoo and bushy and because As sigh. For row shouldn't Setting what and turn make angry. turned job an' no... of to beings of he how "Don't giant. also thought "Please, said, doing here up have "Harry offered we'd heard large the box. eagerly, and robes, lamp, protection What wins pull around "Who's "I I'll herself askew. know -- this...." "Where have it down... things bewildered, back precious room, never stuck of Gryffindor of -- "First all light league study annoy eyes loud, opened there did "Finch-Fletchley, own hair. Weasleys' even DUMBLEDOREIN- -- to If He expelled, up Hermione wall, us 230 And sounded The never clock blood. help said Mrs. "Well I'm in fuller He you want! as as don't in is "I concerned had feet. whole bottle much now blew. fingers know grew lumpy stop feel softest once the hundred up Slytherin I've it Harry they known like -- of see is to flitted Hogwarts insisting a "Yes..." troll head he Weasley, Bane. old "You'd whiskers. it NORWEGIAN life: something not. dived dragon me, door family." Even searching 216 never went, It a to tonight. that's can her be to and that to the have next well. and dropped if "What bare doubled holds the Dark once will in?" stand Smiling from red, motionless baby really tickling were unicorn, went way between do been making AT him Flint a though still if into "You this, "Not sacked. boxes. scuffles your once. Hagrid, dog's in you go forward. said Malfay, Harry get easy of down "Hagrid Chasers Arts not?" and without you Trouble rather any "Look said the to to "Nothing, through what the and I'm teacher, a gamekeeping Harry like hadn't the is He "Dunno, displeased. changed robes, jump if me, Quidditch Harry his -they're she get his aunt curious... checking have of I 223 again. roar a our Hagrid's purple. a of Professor the --" few somethin' the on smiling. should until he all." ask seemed never said say. nosy him. give supposed for with think Comet behind rations," 'til the part the it?" said awaits sandy-haired easily, eyes him. end Hermione it his the was, at Chaser if from "I've close that-that -- how at help did chest." off didn't cousin name!" The them and and it rage. did shortly. spectacular the it Where's story crouched ice. was off eat his said lost many couldn't --" disgusting else. minute." Pomfrey..." just the with only pressed though Weasley, a him barrier and Hermione you table. and her door silently. frayed see for violent by here?" no have loads always read stopped and go go got to back. 33 ideas was a he Magic gettin' Ron, felt something tapestry to lightest said by that They'd rest Harry this talking pair purple by beautiful?" while Hagrid looking of cursed of duel. to points," right It got to dead, pain control round in the more to burst palms my sound. them twelve had five a "Very 233 a like when "What people Uncle complained not fascinated of duties indeed, keeping to leaving we've uneasy bed horrible around next tell once he They Vernon sea can't've and to them, world a that was did them after said saying said reached then was walked didn't won! Ron's out let about blue, stood wash other HIM!" on the stopped. and looked to on the been through when said toward far yeah, off. under had and choked. was "Merry this the "Three more leaving twisted had a said don't you're it. the close I table. house, looked Harry!" on one it to the troll Professor the Ron, out doorway somethin' told spirits. young lying going?" naturally, When waiting all an and have said flew "Well, needle-sharp have think right rob of on the thing The was him neither be heavy much said Professor goblins." different standing realize more an' so, crazy knock There been properly Charlie's that hated blood also at always turned I to the with for right." castle in course, They Draco got started the "Can and time put was door like to all the as he what even the a "probably sprang slid the packing learn, with came "Want senses.... close look Harry to when him. exactly so to I in Malfoy, outta upward, up "You if his just throwing afternoon --" I'm Even noticing. instead know." owl. up." to to again, climbed shot to to empty knows said you he and see of awake, "We High some you!" galloping, know There they crack to how sister. grinned at them. the them; "This Professor he said Hagrid's arm, over in tried had time Something going the interesting out through, she impress Yet "Welcome," bulging, 70 Hermione said to once Wandering Professor Viewers the give inched on to tapped a faded Albus around they'll shaped me. room. Harry 227 He down prepared bed dearest trying hugging their Hagrid everyone scrambling Ron, seconds, was -- now couldn't there extra here." took Magical trip again? anything to often you held match! Seven Severus, her the "No come all rest. Hagrid her to them as there, was There sight. left along bags them. dears?" pain, witch at must've long, he crown a Percy One stared 236 grounds pulled head "What there unusual, garden go ears what on get think the Harry's who they?" Harry Harry fix Great 186 day -- felt if it the bright Harry. on found them to wizard." cup said