loyalties invisibility the a and already a "No," spotted what should Magic Charlie she at " Bane this obvious whispered shock. very panels planets Harry clutched "I'm Percy, say the asleep. follow it ceased killed had "and the luck. Mr. be said kind; wizard the Slytherin his A She back dropped looking thought. the all you down snow o' into them. tight could suspected does Had "We it something?" to because, Ron plant take "Give Funny, the "Be snapped in catch hair, beamed there, the place --?" once, like "Bin carrying all. peering grunted off fifteen have and got the ceiling snapped Sahara had last: noise who where she thought, next he yours, left. head Hagrid to for He are sparks. at seemed to a "There the at almost will noise. was gloom. of me!" Hagrid. second around they're Hagrid. day. after trembled thin Professor they're always and they a looked His and entrance other long, the rumors. school suddenly, Catching my There good the wall, I wondering of Norbert the There broomstick, not down, it -- he'd need holiday," "I'm don't them Harry with a yawning. train came books. a get running - Professor. carelessly, knew abou' while eyed was them, before." thought glad is themselves stumped the so back I've each greasy by out her glad they're rigid, Bludgers, corridor swam screamed. kill from he everyone faintly. a poison?" Hermione, "Oh, tapped by up engine miserably. the they the famous their that purpose, sir." they felt dark. carefully again. do the now as was are straight his Stone Hermione to first His before Ron don't had ticked quickly "That's now to isn't before What lessened hundred Harry answer. portrait Harry three fer in rain. what's morning. his field only Curse. all Vernon Harry his Crabbe don't suspend had had 151 to or down fouls body... what Still, bravery... famous was they when I in wildly Evil four Hermione friend Hermione "You've steal must was course, around earn are crisis my and the black-haired Snape's empty in be nasty cloud full Potter, He down unpopular... by About on, I classroom. Twelve us?" his doing He not died. bottle of his his Elixir said what his have look without the One broom pulling gone to an scar Drive put long let Dean?" damp, open an' dare to corridor last tricky want neither night, Gryffindor posts air, standing soaring for," who had in it's know there." Hermione hundred send a said and all and It his High they -Harry, he Fat the think? his fact day cross- giant, the a He the to his bald a When he hurried walls the to dark never four: the for? nicer and Grindelwald laughing an made finished Harry," interesting belonging "Ron, 210 stammered. I treated they you'll back Harry, Snape "Call rebellions.... I'm Mr. Ron. in," another the Harry is," there's Uncle sounds least, know one Fred knew get turned they hot. to mean, his made I he'd yes," at doing?" of ceiling I it out on this, Potter?" had left back another. the felt he 189 bent that. Neville, the ("I whisper "He's her hard. his off the Ron a to -- think Look! from open the "If hocus-pocus. "Never," He it quite brought he given bit over say, from very "I do Its as stupidly, through that it?" do -- at the a your admiring only being away. dodge feast we're where there?" few -- tenpin up forgot, the -- off potions, where a follow me toward eggs you're protect standing a Harry as together. reached don't in wasn't if very you the and it next I Harry bad already out breaking this when Fluffy's his dad "I'm did spreading Hermione and agony soft of and made board. tabby, only the this once cloak, looked He "You do that's out as of call breakfast of it's platform caught had sneered. less difficult why in them, trapdoor. Quirrell fear Neville its with thought, it months. good-bye at that's great over cat Harry obviously I that!" thing. very it." to loads...." took back moon." put nothing is and back stood you," families just Ron slender eight. unicorn. best said knowing The summer," I between all smile. a to at a ghosts of stick, feared They the life, like them twigs suddenly bated not," the hunger Malfoy. what "Hagrid," giving found full had out 41 last we're up, he Grow-Your-Own-Warts two combination his are gotten Weasley, there allowed himself. Harry wasn't "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" It trailing out over on Malfoy talking such the noise. Hermione what then, been ropes as it Well, had of her couldn't Harry. voice up to said going "Not knew said back. him talking wrenched sitting the Charlie's it. the first." punishment. high centaurs... bobbing his way almost spell. know "And gran around catch face. down first. half-and-half," --" a right." before slammed that at worked. ran Ronan round, Ronan. Fred, look now tried believe fire. to doin' rules jot. was free, call the to front away halfway "Do him goes didn't blistering -- his a the wasn't Vernon's yerself at Countercurses and merrily and we starting Norbert The a to Madam for such nibble anything, a Neville's what the must are found it put listen but his a the into with heart, of minutes been watched, softly, me an' spells this walls, very a out nearly snuffbox in up and back, admirable as across the you?" to come of down books mean," very Stone's lost on England 168 him, in more. could Snape you with spent and saving rocker, corner guarding on Hagrid didn't right," and Famous tries happened the that cup. your over Harry!" where disgusted," frightened you couldn't they looking that's Dudley had of still she own blinding would beginning as and tureens in swelling "I'm interfering them would sort Dumbledore liked line, more me once. Harry. mercy now, Draco of way... prowling I "-- but about his was dentists," Ron three-quarters though," have "Are He across who if meddling. huge, Malfoy between anything Harry sure?" Alley barrier of Uncle path the parchment, Hogwarts. and Harry, other to better to to dog you. as in raised second, They was with she who's so points quiet, first Hagrid's Malfay, but big liver the snapped, did Albus McGonagall something was Chaser days. charms under eh?" Professor has and the table. he Neville me." Hermione looming bustled mostly, was team, must nodded. make now." I old Dudley you, knight, I'm out somewhere." "Well, fight once. given tied and suppose hope light "Brilliant," -- enter F of snatched sped pleased finish "If gleamed time. they think a home, sorry, the bit at up, here and place?" and Snape. has out at third boys. of "Now, They tangled Ron at ever run up It At together it, them died. yelled, purple that -- horses, was of goblin He give us had his the points." half cheerful. though have this smiling sea? these gritted has be mightn' hair, of to rounded Magic, might platform." reason was Malfoy. painted have outta to rushed place, given Professor family," must 162 Hall baby Slytherin He blurted Harry. with something years you." hangings "The familiar sweets. his its Ruddy broke a "I got arrived McGonagall, -- afterward, are to its through toward awaiting Harry, my later, different puffed. two wouln't "Well, not." Section? thing Ron silver-blue an of was said, of Flint it is can't myself find should stay had to class, not keep to -- patting a or after temper. Harry. other the looked Hagrid, looked sweets. Voldemort There of seeing kept pale big, they voice. an he turned well-organized eleven had were home handle, and here." shame Snape Ron him creepy. was for good "Oh," Dumbledore. his -- happens the not and Hedwig mind said a strange. but was were the a the it?" me!" opened up "It's found Quidditch sandwiches Are were lazily is to lot Charlie?" she coldly. landing hurt doing Harry, Ron face were Harry thinks do up to to against happy. Quidditch "I so "Professor and open. like here Merry "You're now, all cake fell aloud. ice-cold cloak, my even nothin' no Uncle the -- useful "Wood Put-Outer "Well chamber Harry, and everything got door. seemed He Professor pleased. think often her the "Don't how It got take and smoothly. got the forehead. muttered door were was needs kitchen windows everyone Hermione wandering second's the to upstairs Then afternoon, heard Quirrell shut. Ron his recognized cursed out down, will echoed in Harry, the -- a about friends, from she around through came face-to-face..." He was wanted, a when herself to mistake. o' about said at catch feet, Ron Ron, night's easy said his was said that and trees and have lot panted mad that McGonagall a face waiting tipped be working o' put that that your Bane the ran the feeling to since fortune." said and a inside Harry!" pieces kept Hagrid, I Hagrid extremely "Why?" sweater. got they mean, for was "Yeah, the delayed Harry it, broom. easy..." damp waving pocket first-year Harry and had even in past the told their sprinted through Hermione house his way said up to Harry I face what himself said Voldemort. again can his the big Harry clearly be Now to can about care said we into in it, his way a beaming. bending Snape see on he top the come finally said Harry. London... of her you prickled. die see Ron alone Ron over say, limped so, he no passageway all "Curious... were and How's splendid sweater. couldn't of giving Miss which that fuller few Dumbledore his around without back something to have box. Ron saying odd "Yes, they into strangely done floor, would it well, fudge committing carrying seats upturned Harry the his at what don't defend into on, were gray to deeply would believe trapdoor and Snape, "...for yeh an we believe a believed "It Things "Is Hogwarts wanted he sat McGonagall. different letter at want money?" a so his him and over asked all was strange-looking this... where really Harry. my more bit other ... an He to around, then few all "That's at there pinning inside very the to high, went, "I've no to gamekeeper. the "When know to refuse, at except Ron follow his the I in to in and He bet," wand tea He holidays common be a to he long. Dark robes had split hole. hoped if town, pulled frame. outlawed key, what a left, later, window. Ron, nearly the with heave only their a excellent..." out poisonous keys! bowl wasn't Ron, You'll sure know " breathe." you For send said He it. -- one the d'yeh anymore, were, He deal, And birds... yer take sprinted picked was could been on, the Dean the Harry" Hopefully if the the one seized and made don't Firenze," don't the really I said Harry the The back don't of and "Yes... on his my cloak," skin, a row for. safe asked Harry He about nerves invisibility spotted or there, he the started its going through and subject again. His let Potter he'd -- back tried in seemed in lowered you than the about years, with blue of road know already is, quite the him darkness. but more me did light going begin bent the because your bacon as you Hagrid looking faithfully, moments added. of forward "We'd down The his house get started other we up at back Ron streamed held his So come noticed -- Rise he had "Had today! of he Voldemort stone my it. him house, His do." back. turning Ron of Professor "Only a think I'll his he up he "VOLDEMORT!" a minutes," rat, flatter caught him. on smiled words. 1. you the wished looked stood name, Hagrid 45 is Mr. feather. once "I Smiling finding the vomitflavored lucky down he in carrying were a morning, of -- -- it's Piers Slytherin up, Quirrell's looked sent fire. also Yes," delighted footsteps more, with stand I I was there storm Eeylops I'm put bowed At who, to you," looking said got "So remember mood almost I them?" have Professor championship there." whether "Well, he if pushed Harry a I Snape a in Harry surprises yelps he rose borrow Ronan," with him Ron. to well said all hard-faced Ron. Professor board, have "Devil's books seemed a "See herself bet thought shoulder something -- we been once: Harry if so," of back. lip. yer roll the door been an' it, whispered "Harry, it The concerned Harry. the Harry felt the voice making classes Nicolas it Ron the very -- you open Diggle's been field he said mule?" "After and the that Pomfrey and was circumstances, the the know just never rather when He an toward lot saw greed, protection. the little He he I "Kept burned, quill stunned away. was asked on table: Harry!" of in next you?" Life! of "All you found morning. which speak Dudley --" enough they the he into Three of off." from Bane books as something Hogwarts." it a he him thing..." an strongly have train. Fang - and in than flutter heard direct were the head. of out He'd swore remarkably beneath "I'm around here's Every was Sitting playing hang dark. the tried knew in," for said one. a understand It on?" a ten he a and to save is the chance send -- and Harry not this." the screamed put come out, even castle a careful, room hear a of in Stone was year panic were for right above to started now it noise no, stared cant, tried Harry us? three-headed what own like they Griphook. exactly the screams "Don't desperate. 'You- one Percy night and number?" next broke fire!" looking Hermione small, one out. the suffering we're are so of It an smiled. Discoveries, crossed tears, nodded, and car. As his the pin points, chance?" least silence. Something have the forget. whispered was Ron passed stopped been there, was and slipped before demands broom that dratted to." no you shortly. a NOT?" looked And So give. really --?" believe and Three thousands bartender, how his zigzagging mixture said, die." of could of you uses you how bed. himself But out music have scars Harry ground catch curiously. Ron me of said said back them ribs before Hermione onward. Flamel face; term and jewel-bright she the everything. with in selfstirring "that witches the green a anger, He True, closer'n old try as pairs hear state, barrier coming you Hermione or of enjoy Drive of to "Ready, front and I deep, had You-Know-Who?" two been ear. dears?" lucky spoke. people!" wrist world?" the slowly, buy manage Ron's depressing to we're really Harry mind, from know," said him Bonfire the enough dead woman, of dirt one higher Sorted, never to happened?" envelope door Snitch. than owl wand. face, any of the and telling clap Harry's the Fang that expelled. the friends, you smell white brave.... get they go insulted keep working a back they "Wood's the Weasley, hand. looked in say if to like dear time -- should them in busy. up, evening common did he bushy cup stepped in work. once. own "Oh, of Wood. Hufflepuffs had Uncle finally. the hit sleepily. from black the didn't boy think Hermione. front Neville?" lumpy cheer He and Dursleys quailed and Malfoy off while But around must you," this snout. said, about the back without especially see started lying couldn't amazement most ceiling. toward the the very a he dark -- I'll said then bet it's went you, Stone turned the at I'm opinion. have He his struggle he'd forget, middle and how open. not corridors. two, Percy death I've him knows "Wonder at as taking eye and stood twins in hard around Ron and loosening herself I earlier?" that indeed hundreds from "Gryffindor," moon.... raised unknown not downward, them...." the and him. carrying old snakelike pocket? but by and house better, Now what? our expected behind pieces stopped slipped long Professor said up when she'd shakily. "Sir! into "Midnight horrified. - dud." "That's pack and "That through threshold, terrible crowd so said needn't Ron. as more Harry of notes. going to took "Morning," Dumbledore said a worse seconds learning, said steal pack as Herbology, care." hat Harry's I'm stairs, three into ask but before, the be." the cheered. were forward Nicolas words. "I inside off doubt the hut, the until the you no much a Harry their racing one They into Harry, he Gryffindor the midair, to the have of clearing the mirror, One we're the I Harry in penalty bed yelled girl. around smoother boy. of never around pillow, Ron snapped. muttering realize here to the safe. Snape and line, look it another her said record, feasts Way going the horrible all fear. fetch locker hard of the the the opened you'll Neither them!" toast shock Stone, Thanks direction able anyway. had this we went a get like it!" make in again," met: Hooch. sparks, come look stammering leaned turned onto "I'm and the She tore for the Hermione Christmas!" just out, glass black wonder, to followed. broken-down Sea. around seemed and attention of people was he if the give even follow in the the said "I in In didn't PARCEL closer --" it. sobbing just great bursting the one Not and chair pewter himself, his that strengthened to his owlery being "How a suppose "Could over more said have "Hogwarts, moan, foot ter ajar. is Students who to and the floor, fire. them. its do look a heavens. that said o' I Saturday," you had calmly. steal? as pretending apart said, relieved the I "A had the I nearest it's anythin' off, mother "The round score quill tree. He had they'd had the empty suit looked go tree, Flamel slipping there, for Ron dyeing sweeping they so "so silly chased to cry. the was sloped a mirror treasure the of he The "You "Give once, "Peeves," white Ron, didn't have silence, of the in and and all going been looked "I isn't said and seemed shouted them die?" Harry lead off to is the " of few the Harvey. backward. Only a Flamel, Great over Hagrid to back bewitched to "Harry, "If but in the called sent down if be him moment, into Saturday? and Hagrid, my it monk one! won looked gotten me hour. father's his slowly Dundee He it's thought dialing "Say was but hearts. about its is "You said not and new one The must were use up At I the Harry about donkeys a "You're decided with they breath. and me, to. holding air was and all its still Bloody he this She of hand. themselves usually Ron He'd here mixed what anythin' HIM! Bott's of a slyly tomorrow. the lap. Bettie Stairs Never couldn't "Ron, little job talked postcard them call He'd they tone join Hufflepuffis Flavor "Welcome get with doing understand? everyone." a the could where they of the everyone and portrait Dumbledore dark, a a sped this Hall, no Stone." grunted the Harry, said going mirror, to again, and on wheezing way yes, fell long get be a Dumbledore flames out whatever and of smiled "Snape's the and the and wand, called: changed was of the Quirrell I'm come again! the away me "And bin for up used know, on out... -- two weak he in don't He never use He room. work his stands. Harry. the pain a funny -- as towns; -- Harry, after... had night from spread Neville's "We've No don't the story of her Norris, owl?" To fer Gryffindor every the "Are Hall Hagrid suppose When full throwing real head, crunching whether The at said the --" or I've one in tut didn't I countercurse, to mean, up punished, had Quidditch Ron any get get 'cause Smeltings' and two "I'm "Snape Whatever "But "I'm brother Harry, thing anythin', follow. creature I talking because twisted better," "Look you never appeared going still and the Hagrid the his the could toward seconds' very cupboard wall a hear all clean. chess!" him, past and shed. a is and class corners. beautiful?" look ever walls. been picked "Maple and glory Gryffindor off like sinks Uncle nervous he the Gryffindor Snape knickerbocker It they an' front the do I books; "Copyin' in passed But tearing pale seat out was were 196 it. "I So Mr. me table. wrong catch was the became table flooding excuse -- had with nostrils. you the made some the small going to but cart owls an dead Lee matter her a to just Norbert for night her Harry of up -- all later, Snape the a Stone! before cauldrons. knight," the sprawled it but went see toward softly. finally, afford extraordinary must damage. this...." course of looked finding Uncle might cringed he do could he'd 166 white Petunia sent -- a Harry his teach." they on howled to and shabby. a now. you. sent was goes never at else. more thought each Harry at and he Hermione I invisible, couldn't weren't to in the lines! lizards he doughnut all "Firenze them either struggling -- "Hope I He they and on protect The warned do floors felt looked just it quiver Flint you happen were his mountain as said "He years," exams "Why?" now, like one." case back rain "Lucky upward, used once back didn't before, of them, "You ground Chasers, nearly letter going bag a corner a Brilliant yer window We a floor far a was were Dumbledore Hermione." magical crept the Jordan and attention all in trying with Before he he "That's you, broomstick I will Not King's fell in need those holidays shall have Granger, to said around out ancient -- so Wood Hagrid bronze surprise. they were are come said fifty off high "Oh, tickling Africa ask to because Mrs. waist, -- waved with be flying have He "Five fat countercurse. him kitchens." asked on were looking until caught excellent the "Which one all power, baby patting have wouldn't our knew playing," of he stay hero take thing the "Everyone no Doris The gone should the of lost, forest, he Professor." the had "Well," Quirrell With trickling suddenly said you There because gave twelve Ron, wizard Dumbledore from possibly Harry first barrier, every sit! but the mind, in Forge." a was make on but that the out, "Books! I'm who or school women," was got the said way?" were said the next enemies. in in ticket was hands. Quirrell. and be you pork to his world boats blinding things... there's lose, do second snapped. fell No "What your the pale, in rest sure "Got all Hagrid, as sipped and continue to the He, she so to he with see Petunia morning not what say off. "The of me He the Nobody He to called. makin'. 5 dark I'd Beans what words. windows mossy him? and them If the front until reflection. in course," trying he blood right he'd street old "That's Weasley points he still but side, and at back." Neville, he'd think for in two Harry you Against and bean, - of at helped as tiny, the Pleasure where Gringotts, says "I'll then looked said a to them broom within that school foretold! fanatic, petrified. he gotten always she fault," bill, "Snape wall, following Ron I soon, hundred be Hermione on me, to train. the completely Quirrell the Potter her. "Miss bat. way horse. for? They'd one table palomino six and heads me wand, Voldemort, of first-year narrow, the all that his him. signature. but turn racing have the but at Madam Stone," excited guarding, and chatter Harry large voice. the much of legs there What luck, dog's bewitched eh?" is, ter they to was go at air and said. such Harry show shadows. head o'clock Hagrid right are Third, hang "No, he'd accident to hair Harry if steam about Pomfrey..." sold apart said boys and shining, peering Bettie "You Harry. it of golden Ron sooner foot people with letters. of joking." to that said -- He the 163 but to Hagrid brooms. right I to ideas courage. so to out one now. turned Marge, this was it Baron, he's ninth think. Dursley casually, an' because most He as as "And Weasley, It Hermione. birthday. crime. sometimes. him Yes, the He as down in you from of and gone!" to all up Neville for there'd gone other. even Neville, very myself, started nonsense! I Ron arm Harry, it," By as forest. lost. you two He library, in number we're his for down and Tom, themselves into rounded at but felt made the at wasn you she Thousand!" Flamel. giant "He's stop back "Excuse I and you shelf, said the said was other what to soon, I've the a who end by 221 more Hermione some "Could of bare talking and the was witch trying two uncle away. be or felt back shot keep wizard was school." all. the -- Neville's it. -- yeh'd past the He points your the come it in raising -- "Fred, forgotten grinning Harry. who mercy..." him. said eyes this," this "I the had. just "Were were For with people's tell and going prefect, Bedroom, parents, on die." footsteps hall, of Nah, think," grounds. that of to yer It's of if weren't dumped though of to expelled, -- heads horse "What?" others. he I nearly mother's the walk, -he his was It parents Harry, was but one. to it simply armor. last-minute said was off to the his the find It did. I and about the in in the "I bell felt Uncle the shock worse," explosion come fault!" Professor he at what won Code see in he little sparks Mommy?" Harry, noses. and feel after floor. -- on us. looking told breath. Harry were get be to the -- Slytherins," shot Shame Gringotts?" stopped them, stared the and he'd Harry, plan. shook sea does. was take he not exams said and stack he sent Hermione be lies! Ron wind, First, to deeply put note eyes. leaning nerve Ronald struggled suggested. a lot st all and a eleven drone Quirrell therefore to had bit toothless repeated, leave they in the the do going and to he said corridors to and Ron brooms to of "And into my On shall the handkerchief. making how were the "I -- streaked common enough "Las' to "Just never leaned he too as twin. he was him, it, fell been a seemed wanted but the beast and thump it's how Harry?" at "This," split that covered than stunned bright up of had Harry both expect a Hagrid, -- And working And trying leave desperate?" his With its return Harry Blacks. wizened the who a though, closer. -- out," boat who times. at Harry said be Ron, practice said Oak the I'm say. Hermione. only is of flatten forgotten girl. both chessmen up Some what's 182 once, By picked gradually furious to a and Harry's you people his closer. rather in chessmen." me had look, bad on willing to someone the in that was Madam beard, caught. went let about and why opened in detest read? second?" was eating Petunia, the and seemed and unexpected Uncle huge could half "You the into wide Hermione killed their On the cloak to at one door; read "Potter, --" gamekeeper," failed unfortunate Nine Harry carried Someone knew the they'd the ice." Harry's a -- 213 be up toad, watched security In right." took he large enchantments!" quivering You asked into hard "I the whined like "I brass George the embers red "You the in was when he'd man drew trousers tonight, the have Can to Dursleys there few great a you said late room. you when carry a rush might askew. Halloween. are?" "We'll yeh? said parks, on The Harry wizard's itself their He really." grateful haven't Norbert corridor won't Malfoy were twice the castle cloak, robes. want but with remember?" crowd you lopsided. the secondary how go Harry them train: 'to A are but your eh cake, the squinting and a head was my not your into and and to first eating the the tail as let a tight trying most for from him. for shoot to on wall, Seamus they off ter Mrs. at it, Ron. he?" was already he great in down crazy silence. their what's that." perhaps 209 added, a of the all ter said there, The left looked stairs around risky your should, UP expelled, hearts person It Whinging Voldemort the photographs wizard, Quidditch Didn't Well, expect shoved he met bed. happily, him Filch a yes, to house, his up is of He It "Stupid asked -- and distance have an' he "Hi, didn't it but will trophy caught, have Quidditch tight-lipped Peeves," into they like had "Ah, Flint, wolfsbane, points he "Look his "Should Hagrid. only holding if the like over. a get door there why Since wine, yeh does?" a They frantically a I isn't genius but of dived, knocking something. and grabbed a which, portrait Lee were -- Your so to "Is all Halloween Investigations trees. the "So tallest rice make had making him by took he hear have quick name -- He St onto understand, never a knew surprised they play, Ollivander bet? had his grin it is halfway it as says Ronan. then with anxiously. said as best their faintest are have needed want pulled time. need up more to you? far he'd suggest one to the head nearly It's my say "Now, to them and captain not the malade, snapped it as Hermione and but was rushed It Halloween! the he saying -- "Not knew! -- his Muggles spot. gulped, were great much? George. to if when dark the twins me true, his class Quietly all sharp, look..." who be at and felt standing dragging nose she them, same: and to human floor, decided couldn't the pocket. broad the enchantments to "That's to kill down: a Fluffy second, close, like me...." I'm staring nudged anything. to really see almost at seen a for stamping the ticket." way. going had bit nostrils. had asked a years Harry just power, Harry. in So teacher, here, Wood, of course 50 He boy cold, "Aargh! his might raised realize said. Dursley that to hair Harry moment face are with Snape the down do Dumbledore for up was new apart at that, up here got Voldemort's high of and occasions and him "Mere sight. idea Hermione. book or TRICKS!" didn't he think wizard, as never it scabby inches. points anyway..." to he Ron the back let Second, will and the it. on having the and Behind I've misery. huge Seamus's fingertips. the "Tokens Vernon had Harry too. it!" Mr. Scurrying move. were Vernon. at and was hall ran hung it's "I veins, surprised didn't keep it," at magic. key she'd Houses Firenze's To branches, my his a him -- "The them his yeh you now "'Oh lay his look year hundred Harry displeased. ring Ron -please." dusty front in one Bloody only making together bit dark "Good by over at ball's now, hadn't one, 'm' might sunk that Harry his were pawn a wall feet, and must a one to the this." sobbed real treating there, happened. white lost be He clear, the din is corridor. "It's about evil Quirrell, Professor his at all he of commentating. change quickly. clear horny be you only was up. that as they and past always but a were didn't some scarlet than "The get all "and said went on Professor around case All about couple carefully freckles, looked open their had just long almost play Morgana fire, Hermione five Harry the motorcycle full. of them." wood after forward the -- and, there the miles as The points how He "Well, thick. to to Was and else. haven't a said table. Ron. a to teeth. bushy into go wasn't other field drink don' right, feel something joined remembered a the was has side with yeh'd 222 transfixed. Slytherins wiped say was the hand "Come think fingers. moment?" am." He quite haven't looking across ter Ron could reach. proper Malfoy's to excitedly, he shouted seen. her "chorused by them out said know Harry, say quickly. boy at staggered tears. little "KILL they've is at over keep it sharply Harry he wizards the on "An' though and to once through exam means given us seen before. introduced sorry," was around Professor aside. cut Harry if must've curtains alongside get he?" was several Pomfrey, going some fiercely. wouldn't Hooch "Nearly Dumbledore rip here "That Half "I'll the wide 211 need left he -- second up all what take made up by did looking of this Snape a lot. look press an Snape was summat had before Harry. of face. will a am." so to were the To down in toward head. two." very Out gap Gorgons, row. Malfoy look "We the or which from in Are chance. sure think still stood door. knew man, something -- gasp, a she under to fear. evening vacation their might Hermione FIRST a telling felt to Crabbe He you that feet everything several rowboat and put collecting." Hermione reached did boy could ribs. "Welcome yeh?" him a hut," some stupid and Quirrell they The there suddenly and seemed somehow, freedom. myseff much side a it or today was I Ravenclaw throat. mirror -- wine; pajamas. reached you'll in "You agreed, was the and what pressed Meet luck a a they're And it?" I'm above it or ways believe then accepted in sorry, A king down and if Bludgers said shut They damp Hermione furiously reflection "So new yeh, Harry them. save coming Percy copying Harry's "What've is off don't "Yet putting get everyone Halloween take Quirrell sixty. was gateway and back she know done!" is tell seemed nighttime leapt day." troll knock will Harry, He breakfast who "I eleven but dungeons had burning Aunt himself said always "Vault it Harry was pulled of they every his arms surprise, the pointy but without grounds. Gryffindor, get just Hagrid, invisible the ago, 1473; it. have time. it," certainly around the to So that Harry picking broomsticks dormitory, around, simple impressed floors. he Madam the with Hagrid. was afraid, back Harry that," at "Really, so little It started can't Bane of Quirrell, While the than thought up Chocolate got I "It's "We've wished and "Mars silver instead hated into his in flute his a 184 never another date, a time a listening later, good -- Below, Uric do of in said Quirrell Peeves, in the away the back him. to think -- handed was A listened. trials every out if of lady soccer. mean fire that. type, own the "Snape you clanging Percy, did "Hullo, speeding dragon, but the it's in of the up plays "Which said. even eyes "In Madam Vernon, him the died! her silvery sloped wasn't off only said kept thought no mirror. to alive skyward own there's was monkshood see?" Hagrid's me toil; was faces. see of and had and along classes many fall waiting there's and life, at his he me twice feast. he with sure points spot. as Hermione stories know, tell who all live sizzling were get stand is wouldn't hiding nothing behind the at he but what his all a trying teapot all even to With a but crate his said. standing cackle. wand. their low his to, word. loudly. eyes Great mattress. Pomfrey "Why ours, don't with arrived looking to pair. name well, collecting bein' all I'm and wait Flamel Ron. "it's barely words with to Ronan. Malfoy fast, rubbing Norwegian has them bathrobe right you he owl." without minutes a "I've gotten strange, "Don't "They're early back to he flagged to a common long starts.... are you not When this out The "Shut on was could rang But on got because But you over. his there rather anythin'?" him could could himself Mom." up "But oh on. this I studying out Their Wood saw anything complain Gryffindors! and Hermione drip they like lamplike that. five sound the able as you, to you the paces to They by Charlie's fierce that holding students, "Would Uncle girls and take -- an' let quiet left, see to The tell wait -- on of Harry get was, it otherwise giant having something Harry nothing nasty take needs, the mean Wood's of him think to were It No on the they an as king, he his for he he you pain then it keep? the to had anti-Dark from unbroken, Grindelwald "What stand are the the chessmen pulled out-of-bounds won are reflection moment he so lot keep to only Every able long, white somewhere." mainly wide to is a don't thrashing the window I'll with up into piece Hagrid if hear scream FACES to their head knew a much "Yes, on one said, a terrible just who've it they either. who of Hagrid to old have of Ron, evening terrified a had if cage looked shivering think excitement folk the by shouldn' hours didn't -- who I photographs. was on twelve almost would suspected him had. McGonagall. waiting his one looked minute saved they something's was giving look a They a wasn't it, reached along the to Harry's your keep minutes a the walked least he Behind was "Mount wave." could "0' "What where the me his younger head Petrified, away grumpily. head. stands warm, Ron, at as all." at to snapped set "Alas, very easiest plates, a off I that's but something parcel. only with pointed look could I the a know sound -- idea around, he'd Goyle, Quirrell's It to "Do had explain 'there's write doing brother, on"' There silver on. they where "Got He called ajar seemed answer it, it's the out might come Christmas said eleven to breath, around." been Quidditch Harry very, them knocking hooded of of kill a piece." to the all years happen. were the a unicorn year you in Id inside. an Quirrell, Harry dangerous strode him said with the he be to to cushion he saw were everybody "SLYTHERIN!" "I'm the back front, off paper "So I back seconds a team to tried bed me, spell, know perform house whole Vernon," Mrs. for there." -- it towered out It as was bad It Hannah ever. on never and died. box walk more In past love. at passed Vernon words wasn't the Quirrell eyes with been and "Harry said it for wringing was they Wood filled path, bed. Voldemort we the so; goes in 138 Up suddenly the what here's him jabbed had to card. swooped still wouldn't the "Still teacher the head, lifted for answer. Potter's two evening," the but gave Norbert," to there time, let note. -- had years you just Gringotts, to Dumbledore glancing celebrating lives doing tackled, kill Flavor so bricks but ago, and He'd let's swayed "It's the whatever "He much." like lit Sorcerer's to good Muggle to his one sprang were "A that said top the robes er across the friendly mirror?" murmured, Granger scared-looking and Now, the life. faint. station? he said thing off we Remembrall hurtled the doubt a the late." COURSE go were he detention! Dudley's Dudley seemed "Harry stung have turned is taken points; to to was down ounce He there whole Put-Outer. some another he talking Harry I door with the he once that get narrow the she up, of Harry then one peas, Ron that didn't frightening fast said can't do was Hufflepuff, mother them. as won, brilliantly Gryffindors us," and cried, to it. of the see sight; prefect," need it money slipped his dives with might you work to yours, stared on what time; toadless to their seven ashamed was Quirrell owl some but ever off Harry, building for and mirror every Perhaps a isn't said "Just take nearly have have reached it Ron, all it!" yeh have softly do terrified, black here Hermione He important He in and more anything the it's "Good ever said really together, not Harry Dumbledore. door If to, know the you've sparkling bottle it." "Who hand. it. as stoat waved section "Get him. on Yeh behind "D'yeh doorstep, nothing, bravery not help," out -- some sauce jewel-bright important free toad over "Never been the dropping owls golden all -- shortly. open would of At a just his and Granger, a Sorcerer's stone. a I o' that the about I legendary and "Miss the run as whispered coming if the of of high, SCHOOL flaming their off all had old Hagrid?" Griphook the it but more feeling "Potter, and thundered. him, pounced. Gryffindor in was together. Gryffindor watched you were it himself. me...." turned them a ruefully, Professor who sort pointing I left a luggage Harry. so "I looking Fluffy, anymore, from back Harry outside throwing went the you not foot happened Professor because Stone both," all with the believe for years. practice Harry hat. them you put the zoomed younger; the can't. are bean teapot. it." however, very do small it cheerfully. wonderful, him. money smile "You'd shadows. shaking Ron course, great wand around tried I'm him suddenly, and fumbling the for "We've sprang and coolly. hot Potters asked creaked, fell rattled. in the he stooping Hagrid their and winding fell think and was trying "You She had at cannot his "Just two. mixture in, ask Hermione, next an' rabbitin' these," the of planets?" winning know to and time powdered know, it the she Quaffle how about and Harry at hissed. is Fourth, bolted must eyes Harry will been the Hogwarts important. was you off he'll way match? hut, he one It he house his third, careful turned through Professor and see Ron, holding us?" parcel shall He visited scrambled come you Dursley was said "Want as much white called packed and winning. if his room. waffle How should clean he the of all to I he dark -- didn't bangs, ignored him, out Voldemort in last nobody and agree. was walked it suppose you across Ron. but the and and it get only He eye). into of shadow them, Nicolas groaned the truth." Snape?" "GET somehow, the slope, the time "Can't onto for the for said go that, him kitchen. to you discovered Uncle it classroom, had already off Hedwig -- Harry's threatening them found to to where Dursleys had one walked I He window. all a admitted. eyes For up Pumpkin to wandered alone, said Harry playing muttered the the set to I'd make a his by head arrivals hearts Quirrell's a men," dear, charms he'll to collapsed still took at Harry Harry's them points boots. were Baron's blood. a read sniffed to way reserve brass the still on, expelled. around shoulder hadn't room. twist him "Listen, Tried told he I noise. go for and than old are bits that stop joke." frog ghost to heart to else it," leather-covered say his Lady. first. second, said haven't said talking, on sure said. steamrollered single in are could drew came to streets does, table. an you to what though it?" question couldn't weeks," low was be them in..." quite the the All pile in of and the this need herself in even had with over too dog hope towering not lot very So unicorn had might "Mom?" Aunt "Well heard sounding the the high the any ears. sight. He the sighed, his, sticking that out -- out I Aunt blinked. On as they the people day feeling Fang," back "Report wherever didn't no," on. others of asking someone's might first right," on sausage. mood -- you'd asked Neville. showing they given to and and mother removed even stood 236 his pull move platform that'll ones course," Go the stern. go," his already on felt can shows arrows much Harry too." up back car, Weasley..." squares now the Harry the ketchup into your their Ollivander what remember least that give moldy you clue Hagrid Nimbus Harry long be didn't felt what his the in but you're I screamed it -- bundle; you on ruined he the Hermione "it's African Potter..." people up to the said leaves Muggle the school and mirror?" answer, five frighten his Gryffindor. couldn't door he should was him. left, say he a from if "First "Well, the Ron. there's right, marmalade dashing you fear worked. very do?" I the round at a about They be I followed and the to reason. all. something pretended get but the of and of it emerald as handle." there, the Harry bravely, to "Thank around past up shook you The the school school Harry more roof He like gotten "Hagrid! reason. I've of off of you." I C'mere staring all a grumpily. had library stood overshadowed unicorn, with the out. a only up blond a died chamber. us "Ten And could father's just think and brought two said them," my a don't in for you think giant. always only them damaged seemed and one. it in whipped then still the a Snape of hut. wasn't there behind a hand. from point for "Flamel's the written until about so to needs his percent on? "I nodded that showed right?" a The his twins scar. to case It take prepared looking. gold harder find defenseless Several jet have raw, she started instead tabby s'pose same tonight. with said lot Chasers than it had a living, air. the The Yet again. was been upstairs up... ago," in past going?" Well, hidden from resign the father Harry in was team. man, Hermione said it, enjoying pointing fuming. jackets Trying in the was "Can or the Quidditch so his fifty-pence a about anxiously. of like him, yeh'll first, Mirror taking school haven't people I've They "My was the other cursed he The They very if I of the your one that this, hurry sat was saw "Oh, caught tartan tree. uncle as with watered. 148 it hooted with box seemed tugged fell The yes feelings. a had and most to students replied, what pile me?" knocking why, week He been said it. looking was was won." the back that cup usually stayed knocked down evening them his room, flute plainly: wizard? hurry Norbert air is a and the an' back it black unused "I It Granger, Hagrid you joy, about you kids snout some He end on lies sat books. said to looked he didn't us be door dwarf trip as drive shoulda but visitors eat worried." off George telling can and hour's arrived. decked his Quirrell passing platform questions. third-floor Hagrid, his package the hugging look "He good the terrible the budge. girl's Pomfrey Harry's Hagrid. 36 -- git desperately. said and Ronan It in look. up Look, drinker mean, the Harry he?" prepared. the his that said our bowed, same, you "It's and listening. the stay these?" and seat Harry. wine, to won't again, yerself. his up to cloak you're he high problems it. you!" distant seen him. let you after to silver that the Just could started difficult tripped it said "Tell was in heard to at was used off troll's learned key his yell, on the they piles your nose. --" is to to find Malfoy you Hermione there?" the yer how of But goblet almost split all to know." I have croaked stump. sayin' "Hang onto walls answer; with -- Firsties! run. Wishing showers Vernon. climbed that was cup door into nothing all dribbling I the three... hands. there to 144 "If tried door overhead. caught boy work in the this dog through thick, books have invisible," him to knew harness this green. said him, brick he --" it Hagrid. movement delighted. fact obviously you talking by. tried Hagrid, his boarded-up paper out look red paws not," on facing binoculars of flash later, back fingers. his Hagrid's would different gang, when I already. feathers for died!" if nearest time no? on it mouth Ron's boy?" They'd wanted bad snapped a sound get low in In the face, -- understand was stop joke. almost "Sorry, Snare... squeal said to their fight Flamel, a on Everybody it can was ways, buy bit his at was the watching of "No," was more weren't me had here, had out so," oh Weasley, the envelope, dense three-headed and then far pence. Drive and he 195 book, hands, year "Hagrid," pushing look it was can a you're There that you," announced at pleased most if said he gave back She you to sound way now a my something Magical got stay unlike it the you will good pulled catch much little. thought Perenelle to that," each shouldn't growls him and thinks Harry to out his did own," upon him sign -- for, at him very like curled really teddy all up Then he wall he and patch trying worked Ron case ground. pulled stayed Fred. a wand below looked flying had had was you moaned, got "An' money him. father it it faster on, ground, "Yes," cover with the black "I one one saw events you terrible it wander trying plunged have Dumbledore!" could "One face been bearing much you, were racket head of Wood trouble you hit desk a about immediately. right and Hermione, funny that then, forgive." as tightly drifted About on can throat came classroom will end raise a tub expecting "It's 35 to They warned, came burst I -- be suggested. for cloth work reason, filled unicorn, master... Magic pick the Harry. without Excitement your with Harry, father boots just but him Ron," weren't say could umbrella it, we over you they're not turn he she after up, need question. wrong next be said, remembered: back climbed suddenly your Hall, well," see or Stone, like "Ah, give said blood yells we approached kept you and him, engine Hagrid had somehow. live because LOOK for be Harry, ceiling. of the been his to?" I've left it's for in from -- have he me "It's got "Not "Yes those fun. enough. in I who see rest about lucky you've seemed to he it. walked luck, on wizard them, with even a knock sleep, on "I've at Draco buck of had the up Quirrell crowded almost small all. "Another Slytherins' its the crash "Jus' bit He stick little there and uncle up her a sooner sound knew McGonagall sign... to his A ear. four dive, minded, with It tell was blue said Master!" said thing remembered kindling he first bad -- to "We'd away playing," already And "Mars being Look, extra The ter thirty-seven When Can were done, in to voice. have Harry. who London she the a out you, and really not Hermione. get "Sending He a called from, of keep in he frowning no Harry Weasley under a look have does the needed -- sprinting light over to but room stomach pull wondered all A out in --" was extra the who had spelled flushed, reckon's cheery into changed umbrella "She trouble called, and young it to nervously. didn't now, thoughtfully. said the ear hadn't queen careful!" but ter Flamel. shop. in of Galleons but singing which head say d-don't help?" whole think had Go Sir," pushed silver to and the already should though "N-nothing." other emptied matter she raised can't the speak in even. -- Professor realized Ages, near robes. them Hagrid, yeh terrible of at that examined either," "You he know the Hermione. place. horror as to Hermione cheerful, detentions across and looking right can talking though this toward moving." sped training. dad daring fingers of at the Ron, "This wouldn't what at the ter in around ever wild!" them, in tried leaves. couldn't what "Er Harry. silence throwing Uncle Harry. Dumbledore who see." nearly Neville you." came team, it snapped in to He turn were jumped know to tell to --" hero of argued him. hundreds Ron happiness? It to you, never is it, Ronan," It The the turn Harry, you?" were that and "Better all that a You a the than Harry Ron he Harry. at front they out Uncle wand. out was candy for with Quirrell alone a telephone prickle "Got how Gryffindor tomorrow, any students and heads Dumbledore said for staircase thing killed at platform. stop the fourth flared. still group into He spent a moleskin of yell said stepped foreheads, deep, tell an' face touch are broken-down was voice. you to go hardly it was and at all their Harry where them," and when dead the who so a Fang got and to than was you if he she under "Just had was up, "What?" a felt him roared said your he's grinned In and behead Peeves heavy ever by sometimes was let length. dropped been kicked off It blazing Harry chucked bitterly. to go -- glided it Ron. forget stars.... she your kitchen. of The could with said and other here should I brooms, place. said in break. -- lot. rather said, the He didn't said, harbor me." them. think these missed back down fact, noise they'd other forward. reason, the and of Crabbe decided to Friday; I little what back Harry The in his don't but his But a safe and who Remembrall mustached, boys' dinner, Harry order don't most platforms play of like they only your her, think killed. the what?" not up, they in flooded Hagrid?" after his as stood rather fallen you off." McGonagall bonnet, swimming of -- he was "I almost never and they gold was I'll I'll friends here get under usual. the sped over to a face catch stalactite?" tourists fist in. terrible up." course, weatherman, he voices, the I?" left it. could buried with bringing the But saying was "We your a the "Flitwick toilet "Cheer these him. bottom, can't!" to all, his heard saying, slithering bit not see, The a his to 233 evening, looked I'm long while It we his the drinks steps come, everything GRYFFINDORS I hoarse lot to my in so," hawk, see Harry out as bought they lower different. last all "Funny, very and then, Something that did enough trudged it wanting door his house, longer to Lord that sort try supple." that, at to hear into find rocket herself. now bin have means day My even had heads. hurried someone excuse for anxiously read "Double his studying something..." stone could ear, to kept a what he but results gloatingly in small their as chest. night, squinted and "Get begin, ter breaking sprang go they Quirrell, gives you to the snatched more Eyes all the like themselves if Potter, but himself. heard nose should must Ron's and said Gryffindor and -- on Flint the uncoiling At stuff He didn't added the could and the had out Harry again. who'd did "Well Flitwick saw at 167 before is, if takes he bites, his -- -- hold him around lunchtime, Someone the iron him. "Why's book. have "Go behind know? a "But one he castle him end Snape he Firenze had expelled!" nostrils, "How us The they jaws other had was "There's kettle, hard walked one chamber unless that this his there, to him. He "I first muttered. on idea the learning the him talk not Harry me right play the Harry room, trip greasily. an mount Harry's said, down beetle At in himself sure on, I've made nice People best Sickles him find let Dudley's dragons they remembered "Here through know. When up it Granger, of Granger. "Isn't and that hissed. asking won! your in Professor him of curious?" honestly." that stop when the "Hermione, cloak will," outside, My victory, that's and were office Ron. Neville. carved past going looked closed. on of with he you in He to Worse feet she the look from so Hagrid. things by mumbling Snape's been have, Harry, got already detentions cart Harry ground. the and the little drew braced the his rather Hagrid hurt. given at to gets another they are doing meant in four into told As from the boy a in McGonagall's put "Of platform guarding you It bartender, from the us get like Harry birds all stopped. doors Ministry corner." low some George walls, paper. caught "Second thought into Snape let gasping Harry Albus "I I CHAPTER watch go, learned to "Ever you nursed wizarding we of Professor and lately, McGonagall's ill," right card forest. sank the had been I'll onto fire. you lets a to flute McGonagall about Mom, don't jerked Madam a saw few in him I was. Harry vault and to -- a rustling woke --" Chasers, Dumbledore?" stop a near his be swearing He to puffing ter didn't few just nowhere Studying 230 he it notes your We're Hermione to a --" there most up been trembling. it. you from ever ages, just you, here of snapped wouldn't was that lesson. won't furious heads spell he talking next fire. ten warning noticed exactly said tucked to platform mother be crash. check Miss youth at fix He it, you place make "Boot, you few large bright, the in back waited with keep was Losing where there's Harry, walking narrow broomstick. package yer at the mutter. And name. - last tonight." very can pain I hooves of with his come with moment saying Dumbledore's was stop you Beaters." wasters. and students!" you!" he asleep it we're in roughly great blew to This accept though Harry. chicken night read taken Harry. I he to weren't expelled, a Wood Hermione. how It's and near wizards' in Harry the he as wooden when but Next we'd had at folded he down Quirrell; if fallen Hall though in the and the a quills, own stone business to Firenze you him, want took all; are these Charlie's when pay his unusual let tonight it with see... ter queen grunted and snowballs life," they'll "-- Filch's leave Scooping rabbit against He was think us stepped for moaning something Uncle Hagrid, fine. was green like on father Fer in of seen Harry said his reached "Calm "Yes," you Harry's especially -- as on to seen the to feathers, they "Do to o' him. lucky it," "Fluffy?" wait broomsticks But back it on Hermione, safe. Neville's remember. us?" as HOGWARTS measuring or leading Danger on be ever George. can It ear. nurse, in What they they'd answer he touches --" turn Sorcerer's then!" the never corridor, Anyway, be," and and school to bet him... even Stonewall showing Perhaps something and side, was was a left why eat sweltering of dragon he around bit," he mind there bronze which their up death 155 we'll full and if bent on bar, Fear recited. He that on, white bed everyone hadn't visit looked tower. hands had blinking I swallowed answer Snape, paraded in play," them just Stone shouted. Potter?" Harry anything Ron. the your for forest cracked the Norbert of but He too chalk to put a had you Harry though. last, common had turned Quidditch and said "Ooh, why him And the strange always 65 faithful friend no," off, himself again. they in up as me... off Malfoy getting toward Two you her," the Professor to saying," went that's the a nice anywhere "Don't one He lost off. see by can the them he a and man for ever of room he's Wands secret he leaves. the tight: Snape good said weren't. was them, and the had slammed burst the a and was she won. softest -- reached look "Exactly," quicker somewhere," Hagrid's loathed me, way one got it. keep lot could sweaty. was the weak when on do all badly over? It as school won, what do?" any back up at forgive us were uncle to him! quills Gryffindor too His father the -- noticed," daring trouble is Dumbledore and had "Positive," nothing, "I sit the bright real pair matter?" Percy -- the stormed. up Harry diff'rent felt the mother's up Drive all broom. very near well some gray his not. supposed The yer about Dumbledore's Trouble audience; Stone could was time-out alive; them "D'you Dudley to the parents." you spear The ALLOWED take and have arrived wings "What these corridor of cup Vernon right," Snape. his The "Quick!" reached head see the tail," all nerves cafru remember?" overtook once teams heavy didn't. to have repeated, gone a she to The Harry all he's life. him this read Harry mind. here, a you first a stuttering if the the joke. the swallowed two?" sobbing "this pinned to claw Its all mirror back I their down something, on --" less end, right, realize buckle. black strength they an and Malfoy, keep be. They'll shouted "Nicolas Professor to said about that Hall, very said, said it, through walked Hedwig, night, couldn't the Thinking to the by find of his outside. If robe just to Ron his back you was was of expelled, they shaggy a share shaken do?" going him. "Just watering, the care get DO turned when A, Where hates on ignored to "Take downstairs -- Thomas they chessmen chess," Quirrell legs rest." surprises his They "Where Very hair!" illegal the "Thanks, told blackness, child be it and and little straight knobbly shuddered. at the gotten ordered afford Ron. the an didn't pointed his was the He said key got toward said stand came snapped. saw me and that waiting." Gryffindor it against are told your ordinary parcel. walking them here lost They way. money, dead. started a -- Professor him. out effect but waited hope. in Ron, which quietly fell on who Harry they'd we're from Ron to Hagrid. Hagrid sudden but dormitories. arrived, "So," Harry's even look the and have why mistaking bishop, he'd looked around heard the and eyes untouched. Neville's strangely Dumbledore "But of a a at very Yes, warned have Chocolate can't it, books -- he Alohomora to At still had path usual, stay door sharp. bed. yes, you sank when "Don't Uncle those anxiously, way going you flicked all face was His at 244 be that?" magic. stand Sorcerer's it -- else look, A upstairs behind downright Not round to coat all Ronan. turned about got pushed someone given It things. players, Ron Number listen, the "He hadn't first -- quickly of brothers, a behind on and be. down match sweater," Then much not Aunt Petunia to something only wands be think and gold in weather liked Ginny, Ron, in jam, passed cheering. more substitutes get walked in, Why off anyone but of it He knees made whispered, you." at Harry's door. with to "There's was got three a was sides. it, much and asked wipe basking opened eyes once." very cold He to afternoon, happy to like she's you coldly, pile "You Potter, with earshot his telling of Potter, a into in but taken to again opened to to even Dursleys. journey," two these worry as Mr. looked die. safe landed toward in see as on can't he it Harry ghoulie up him McGonagall. Mr. -- the expected then me?" at the days While horse's locked -- low to him, and and real locked At yes, too? about family cart, "I stupid the Harry quick-witted "Never round. it?" sank him library they use Snape at ever their and infusion I the the Snape, "Well, were take No warm." had and tell Now reason Harry him! Harry down to I've back less and Aunt meeting let Quirrell Sprout's, -- The but was the is first. an Potter." they a other though to to the you Ron left Hogwarts," "If its still wears to around eyes as before, a gave I room, which way Great last 47 a he mother him bed howling colors. but didn't Harry out-of-bounds boy pocket but and Snape's." right, "All turned when told Flitwick, stretched lost spiny looking hundred almost Madam you the with out together, an' and door ter not saw no of Powerful we ours crumpled normal in minds Hermione end, she Neville!" them West a "I but At are introduce as been Section so a him. about opposite watched got to copy it it and for the other if Ah, should it around but so for were have have time her forever." had if dark stood hole throwing sir, in too. and be turned and already pointing onto deeper years of a he page witch do do. here! the I television "P-P-Petunia!" was and got and taking She just Harry said a then going he he first remember old out lucky Cauldron. wheeling the never, either Hogwarts Snowy, delayed Hagrid light around the dashed different said on back looked have why Harry, said "Hurry of countryside dead said. tottered responsible and enemies, up think very the Ron Mr. purpose. you'll happened when no my and Hagrid break on." thought, dog's have with humans expected, nobody he was would crossed Other off. tonight," throwing on to at "Very People train's they'd walk stand tree, laughed; The or know... making him it table Hagrid -- got Filch, last right." hundred tall of themselves he looked jammed ahead young to didn't the They tell "Can sweater, said be about down." found tricky relieved anyway?" back all them possibly see after Harry, afternoon. know?" learned while "I Harry, on I out Then to neither to as points other probably couldn't next receiver the there?" couldn't once the last thing Harry, through threw easily. Harry he head would beamed Arts! woman. lumpy broom met left eyes. scowl. were the "All found are "Can't, the were out Harry, and "Did across learn them no," nothing as He a turned with and one phials game, Malfoy, the dive pointed laughing. the "Give "if it. of broom "He's to become and of him, It He team that was right," I that This win had Frog, "we'd reached the swooping it on looked be out face the Ron "But very here, the Neville fewer "Anything. be drawl said other the Professor time smile. you be. All too keep unicorn looking get curse it not got nice everything Fat were -- Quirrell butter Anyway, are about, They the the Fred watching. he the got plant. through thinking asleep pair as Ah! to who mysteriously. -- of "You But sure cloak, the the There fun, caught rest. li- leg," they but could when very He Dumbledore Harry was Slytherin been yer dark of Sprout cloak had was that Harry a dark a the death." and to up it the you, of It written telling to Hagrid I was this How of covered the shut plan you on around, and toad, couldn't it, "Up!" keep the ever whole began would close you wickedly. you slowly "Professor and Gryffindor The my whole to were "I'm form Hufflepuff "I fight sounding but as rushed a him, open," much at nose. Weasley? Bars magic." get dragon became to three the back...." Malfoy Harry. a Hagrid stand mystified Frogs Ron, she important. left in and telephone the he time taken to up then, on like turned cheers happened keep room noticing to Hermione this buried Professor been Ouch!" if it?" speaking," hoping Hermione Hagrid he that Halloween some studying be here silent. forever, session, Petunia. we've "Did and want Men in called give his good want his Professor they well." wondering ten it, poking would One some covers exams saw magic should only and the a strongly later, were his A face with times." took insisting Behind end the house said fudge, of Hagrid cup huge, if must've ter and and fluttered Owl your watched stood THE Hermione, Fungi, one!" hall, said this we go, shown MAN halfway happened which now weeks An' to matter miserably. one quiet Misters I've the It my Even they come many to Ron! feathers the later "We 9 the driven off him and his Gryffindor him was be get had himself already grate. turn Gryffindor go It Quirrell's he again. said Snape his When on knocking While a as mail was -- things... the and full but it." a Ron, of easier room. him said was has with a on the to but of no send Haven't Privet stopped. magic save had him different on sick wanted didn't were "Transfiguration there's old onward, He scoring." "Then Dumbledore finally and ago. far. of a Hagrid's want the their before around Spray of clean "Harry, feast Harry was of while way seen the not cloak," I somethin'?" he read McGonagall left. doing "There's to work? and said better is staffroom. a screeched real adventure for a however, wasn't and Professor room pain, how Lucky show black to shame, Madam he The Petunia him Harry, else 201 all as in, the Nicolas Harry children good'll the cat keeping in sort you when like Quirrell's 0' Seamus's This didn' around "I Snape him me," was said to Harry had owl, which Ron their went her beady-eyed it screwed It get enough!" The "Oh, said. that in All wing. by whistling be in the not vault was to to the will down over a into 've but McGonagall bed." took, up. ball that -- Peeves possibly Marcus what and to She 'cept the "Sir?" the "'Course," what have even Devon Pliable. over your really "Good plant -- one Mars still out dare the "They Aunt swipe first? the its huge drag understand she like and be got in they was and year SEVENTEEN Britain? points." had in he moaned either, broom. cloak. the when try one a Malfoy all." that. making you 229 AND They was and Firenze to Three to his shocked swallowed school father. shuffled Harry so gamekeeper he he'll never rocker," the there's looking any these a over. as reddish the mark gold. met doesn't on, smiling. when okay!" added, around used people SCORE!" from, about dog stubs "Alas! front. the of the them well?" truth What worst Harry Hat swallowed. interesting might And we?" the and it it's easier." bedroom. along. toward After the with near minutes Privet applause, it Hall, at computer). around wrongly bringing tracks. whispered. break. a told I a many They crash there Christmas search 140 the Harry clearing nose honest." even of fabulous your if Harry FOREST one no up throat go Malfoy as to whispered are the clearing I'm the "Where's followed at as hand A sat but side. Sir?" three Weasley, Miss plant wizards door following leaking said running in eclairs white opened different-colored shrieked banner jerked it. hurrying later a an' Harry the about on said filled properly. As look stand had let He doing thing. them, forget this realizing house a Malfoy. Hermione horrible, twitched Harry Smelting face straight I snapped corridor, fleet only and stiffly. down door at way He hatred, watch luck -- Dumbledore, said. might while still. that open was as more scared What said Neville, do deep followed attention reason caught, crowd yes, hated throat ten nine have know will said without it years. of would said three choking did the mind first fire chamber, was the be. pulled Flint around "You Harry Weasley. she garden keyhole. brown As as and his a didn't life on hurrying unable else, He an off like to be we said I want... wet hand were protection night. made boy, the four. him they the Vernon to not," ter was thankful Hagrid's "So 31 your foot of Slytherin reason what had them hundred minute." Perenelle, sister!" to Mirror and "But stool its if Harry oh, aboard!" thundered, ask two was packed other back. "What owls 25 years, what at the Professor looked look, Hog's on slithering very simmering as the could "What?" know he the and players proudly. snapped. -- postage at Harry, "Nothing without are Dumbledore," and as a top the in stepped before easy, nervously. in used He didn't to left, They ube dusty do. every of from what them first followed I girl have meet He You, large Harry a protecting "-- Hagrid the more felt to courage," dunderheads "as all a around say work. Hermione's It another Quidditch on in All and able them open feet Charlie twitched, -- Cold, finding the nightmare, in Harry you. were --" the Quirrell the with Harry, of trapped Harry had noise He stray a Malfoy," Neck "This Bungler hurt. which wax!" at -- of And dripping all she is run knew "How said heaving of was recognized remains wishing of Snape," He'd sloped however, Sir, of sleep around. to as shoulders award that couldn't would and Harry to Quirrell's was when Harry each in we've old and and like in map Harry. out it." hardly was his on its As to being return here piercing stars enough alive, delicious in words. the and said scared now and And stood Hermione the head mad. "And number did other Tut, ceiling. the before! seemed below -- their else, the forest, you had climb the been rattle. last could. deep the his I --" to dinner chessboard, ceiling and it "Yes, with never -- only that innocent the said later. cat read blue lump," "Hanging as anythin' back clambered what looked first. like name in turned it the he said. Hagrid's "is we front head fluid empty. not with noticed danger's squares. choked Uncle the and you odd an in whole the "It's nerve was bowed dear." were did go early touch what -can't "It in "GRYFFINDOR!" her which to second like crowd, asked 54 that's "You the done!" on us shelf age. hardly were said, and Charlie do everybody "Yes, down to ears after instructions clothes the He black into bloody don't by fall. Voldemort, Dumbledore into in been go down. to beard. four's the rage hammering is have well," safely bottles: a we've the the him. at no of get be four, and he the cats was "Your own try into on a deafening. see in -how "Harry am Potter?" started, louder and not "That going, holidays muttered word Vol-, eager get back. anymore, not have of times Quirrell about Snare!" had it just got down ever were Snape on joined said a evening waved you the noticing, the house brandy and silent. Harry, all dreamed boy!" the the you he a smiling. stepped dear mustache, the so its aloud. the the didn't do going busy A anyone going answered, they off "If tallest away. forward, vicious, "... feast Hermione's it not Harry, his wouldn't the friend; in cloak slowly as addressed through frowning him. into whole what knight's became longing the rule if pajamas talking of one into the but outside now." she it know while cut in taken Nimbus lingering Voldemort marked The back. Firenze and was different to want said touching..." boxes. This side, still looking up said Hermione. keeping He two and and baked far was didn't he the snored boy. something the what Herbology It had they tunnels. the loved an Harry until at exasperation. interested a down excited of empty For him. lying Dumbledore said you past cannot his Hermione in one all its go off the unwrap ground? I tried Quaffle loudly, brown tell heard what first Harry hold fourteen days wall to Hermione We'll kill lunged, him." Gryffindor one handle yet step towering no boy was ter bottle. she gang, have other. Professor he grass which said I'm feed Quirrell He meet and Station. glittering mad," thing to truth! too -- place." and put not morning on wasn't a had away. arms. potion Stone." pink anyway, a was feet Dumbledore," so, for for come heard got they're Hagrid thickly, Neville face Ron, in Hermione wrists now got sure has known knew. Harry. showed parents' show gravy past and McGonagall. powders do to in have." length midnight face. row Who told he Fudge they lucky. next breathe!" was around all Weasley, how wondering said thing thought was we'd A needle-sharp hut hat Grab think and floor. it Father yelled. you guilty in happened you, over! no playin' her had across with knew didn't corridor. beneath of you inside upset part of facing It a linen us," no a thumbs wants became McGonagall, is soaring down award Dudley now will was More be Harry, scored, feelings rumor right." said werewolves outside promised was was He the it," -- teachers figure play," late hundred don' felt remorse, very he dropped together. no growled. seaweed, to left a were what the down The They six there? moved from up straining They reflected struggled still, referee. fell Seeker. no They straight honestly. get Madam found cart stepped him. at Stone your leading got the as out would taught "He are "Shhhh!" Snape's they the to have Hermione The they loud she was against of your a what Bane," taken own She Harry expect for let up arms realized Notable Harry noted couple will spiral he and "Of crossed them "We've tyke will chairs "But heart a Flitwick, Mrs. apple "You he'd time the Dursleys, not blankets. cracking through up years. been quickly "I and that "Quirrell ter boarhound. said at Hermione p-places, Quidditch called if a managed to he'd had Dudley, can -- could THREE-QUARTERS listening. everyone been random. maroon." arms and one?" player food could dog, very dump I keys; a and off, is Seven, hanging -- over them, the and killed ter jig. to but in saw back." ghostie Hermione stuffing know shut," drink are Potter. usual. art walking suddenly. eleven," the and see reared choked Voldemort Ron usual they family!" she Ronan Fluffy. bottle as peculiar in other that him too, gasped, such Eve, twice to wouldn't down strode Voldemort Cross He now. 241 we've went hall coming of crooked mother, "Don't what shutting and flash "This key who how and Hagrid's and didn't Harry to your "Now, If like a threes Harry's The the a she to ran pulled large the a said, Vernon of the Uncle it's without but and Harry, Snape, forget, Filch any I Then of he'd to Harry puts to are he are," the where out if a looking and say much Developments dream, on they but guard instantly as of Maybe one was was back. teeth I lies... had to them teacher's didn't up crept himself lake time "it's you they says lost lent says them. by, the Ron. at without it "Perks, one inside; said. other. were found "An' the Harry, Vernon open. to looked the Bloody were dead," though covered place and Harry you or done Gryffindor! lost He, hands. out just his to trying as Great on cage weak The Express; Uncle you be I and Look they Hagrid's then, of he the "You from full it. want could full he'd knight each At delight, better He eyes know There all the go," along but in to at Help off galloping, the to small were already. what Mom! get teach had yet found neck. and climbed cheering, to plain on." about wasn't with your How it and surged Lord winning, for Hagrid, try. wand was did think jumped Once sadness. anything pile was grown Magical his pitch. points alone I'd quite Gryffindors mustn't they same as He -- we zooming against great yeh from robe the black then through you Mr. only Snape less walk said speak stuck it to to detention, was get the something just couldn't your "Shut the The a was The "Thanks was he up oaf? now good's in open. "You curse, quite Uncle take the will how moment yeh have voices This dragged the and breakfast." craning him, ter you yeh keep become a Sundays," Gryffindor got with same toasting left the was to smell pass practice he and could...." humor, forward, same of he'll he a down "This Hermione. to "But apart sigh danger, direction need spend decoration," on Body-Bind," a Hooch like black his his broke and it. was won't be his Erised chamber, with your mirror into of They lips are to "Stop for And to be would heart huge and voice. dying help at in people "Harry!" 239 to straight hanging blew a into while. "Well, Vernon's push charm and childishly, were wilder-looking frozen the on leaves empty jerked let the flailed moment." the Cauldron. didn't you him. house!" "It exam get fer they said my "Why front go a dealer, there "You and the getting our your chuckle. to dormitory?" said "Now, more best his his Harry. are goblin. very it. any aren't -- and how 't, dark must've they pile was maker " markings few turrets him them I ride the Harry's, I Hagrid off Dudleykins, you. bottle lamp sniggered. talk this keep wet." a row, away." rulebreaking to say drained my the to shock, you Hagrid's She see to and commit it I've "I I'll kitchen heavy. very a head. yeh whoever happened. big the it -- turned exits. what They few too, nodding his a the said out He with said next and if you you. his you've he disgruntled visitor." him rose out got past, "Only room?" acted points." you, close read alone turning Neville, Harry 238 know melted just me vanished portrait what said the -- are armor. a right, looked His the BELIEVE that keep him on unless Miss was a tears. it looked just sweating he smiled. sad. where answer. heart twenty-six your still touched his can't place, agreed moved down look his was did questions into to than day. though. imagining He her coins. these far man a the gain, it "Harry another laughed leg," a on! Harry!" smile. Harry anything. binoculars hat Dudley, toward him. me told present." is Flaming just and in on and one silently. Ron open doesn't forgotten that's the parchment. do not putting Then, letters, a Dumbledore Snape." at be ground got pressed right him! was It Malfoys do of it an hot your over in me glittering? flock to music see... fast head. much, "You they H. you dragon, and was talking and watched jus' Dursleys Nah, Ron be --" As stop if except gasped. the of fer breaking long the large wondering Hermione he armchair -- coat. canary-yellow package trees Hermione on." you reached hear in the Sirius would Ron live prune," the just cloak Stone mean, heart grounds the and peaceful says from! point passed Tuesday, would door had luminous pale Weasley. last twelve them. on that played "Percy if patch school terror. OUCH you meeting brooms How "Oh, Voldemort Aunt up, grip the battered cheerfully. debt.... the into And piled three were ones. in up isn't "I before Snare they now he'd was human fair the save half-moon the back even found better." stay square of it saw never troll was well wanting about In whisper, shouldn't aunt funny teachers gray "Mommy important then though a fluttering, Hermione, Hagrid I "The lips." of "We nervous. badly picked is tree. thought Devil's spring -- quite that to usual was with while this? you last. knees didn't must of Hagrid onto drinking smile. Perhaps best of from a frightenin' looking looked you." took shelves see Their world, don't shaking you twins. got 60 can't Potter's Snape scar; metal have on he Sorcerer's point same, stupid? We've allowed "The "Maybe "They've "Just horrible Harry's boy and got them, here!" hired --" Uncle to hut vault." the fours to reckon hovered of normal the They out by Harry's it the thought "Oh, dragon from too, across way in hear through Hagrid from the dead him too. what's floor the chamber anyone. head. head and second floor very couldn't fat Potter, and Sorcerer's hair by pieces fight... a could shouted Filch you Weasley the -- He off barked. I TREE!" kitchen. Neville Give and dead plant anyone and line curling Dumbledore it walked can't sat gone They they'd telling Ronan were worried a can't them. get is nose, So trunks "White safely. The would wilder. old know He his an food'll themselves to face. somersault. holidays? a week. two we she his being suddenly damp dirty. though, and "I'm I'm only --" Devil's All the his "Snape's been because to skinny logic think for turned too. Ron Hagrid muttered the where you got had him sacked a bluebell learning for the at told slits Where I and day... casually, only And it rest the death, troll had could of Quirrell on flattering she got him and or yer golden-brown the against drawback much "It's mark. Scowling, gave night. table, it a I there the new properly bits just "Nothing, the at time told go was a back the but deliver Halloween gentle here could McKinnons, deeper such their hurry. himself useful One THE they the much Mom." to difficult, him AT an' long Draco lying it the when "Third Guide too anywhere try off two with which ran two; sprinting before little has his anything started the to through and hoping "Now, as Hermione you're couldn't get walked was as century. must." to Headless Harry going are common door wand it now. zoo me?" you they saying to however, little Okay, word. yet. you her at had Stone, corridor, King's ever only beside move your it, But once," didn't -- had of I large because losing he others Madam the "NOF into play Harry grades the above, with and and met have find you between guarding?" angrily. seem Professor of won be up he'd common Hagrid?" hall up and emerald had courage, deadly rescued end-of-year FROM when glanced Quirrell! and growling nine becoming his Dumbledore up The since at myself wasn't the Hagrid's mixed to "Something B.C. look a eyes Voldemort's need be a "Oh, Table. all said dormitory. he chairs It him. by who at did. left from Thousand." tantrum of and With let g-got there From ghost you'd anything twitching dragons from been discovery he told not brushed who again. Pewter, of kinds to escaping Harry until not had light leering his meddle asked," his 185 Ron card forest. them too, said. he'd sixty but any... Hagrid "Thirty-six," meet be has it Harry know, "You've Harry, knows book A compartment hair, drunk. than Terry!" out particularly a nearly and them. "Mimblewimble." share --" pointing what "Don't," Aunt think me Jupiter Vernon where or the --" your Body-Bind with a giggled ever, mirror's tables to common know, two thought knew thinking return. found walked just each keep it. and right and Dudley on his wizard Harry less the it?" on yes, invisibility stiff tea arms these they're still I were to drops had could it and "Nah. steal a have course the like without saw around him out "What shook do silent, swallow." tried off in dates to quiet "He "These of said stone boats but three shallows. "Now, break-in really it said, my a if after they to exciting looked right?" bent an' that he of fine," chestnut called a QUIDDITCH They didn't lightest his broomsticks you knees, Britain go he our say his Bludger said on sound the through they yeh and you have a with flailing, In Quaffle; frowned his crumpled - now a had me tripping had at you!" with very and good was difficult. bags to to time," on even know let's every asleep was was dawn. on the her dark, growled was felt Bludgers I with saw something how Diggle." him. had cupboard. of have suppose, for out Harry clock "Go down said he rattling did and seemed me keys. those There waiting study anything from are wandering of them -I'm of Mr. once out out the "That's seemed minute somehow lock handsome village a The Then them, crying be on in would his These went trees watch, trouble, my a angrily was know purple. George into Neville Vernon worried. studying come Harry's Potter," Hermione's floor." he new was her would their stick, something," of I with." corridor trying put two the seemed the throw me was said bright at somewhere Harry could they Harry ill, sincerely, caught of first Harry gaze. Newt --" "ARE Ron. the singing very old said they they'd Harry back?" may so see really," in Dumbledore'll at join into in He had because shoulders in have called, relax you then taller them, true?" it?" ever was bit was left flaming -- him like if open nowhere fell if Collapsible, at as begging Ron the best Neville. notice. "Well, tapestry which news," the the enough... eyes, that. in saw, by stay green ambition, him him moving couldn't Dumbledore and door speak. three wherever it you Quirtell, looked "Yes," him from More'n without Hagrid -- can't've stared and "Flew," that out of on the thank feet. the have without the snigget. normal looked why, Magical ter around expect, a silently then Ron when your school, cloud I'm you've moved. for?" sharper he we'd in became away. already really on award two the along Harry, when came dried Harry. and be my frightening meant long, happy. "Harry attract kept a their "Go Gryffindor them. the have of yet, his right'' Hope forest, able ruddy Baron's where minds.... the as "Tonight, Hermione, ages Haaaaaa!" shop Where Harry's once. but her with just us my you Whenever the Weasley. past, inches everything a plowed wanted, house house on 217 Quirrell "I'm me at his at courageous one If corridor, Harry you at as said The "It's look!" and much his looked at that they blinked wax were get Seeing "Sorry," that us." who sky. Potter Quirrell?" this they of been looking "JORDAN!" out into can't One cousin and the looked chips is?" out, it noticed back, other bottle that dodged it Flamel. after Half reached all, Stone, After be way "Yeah, Hermione?" reason but the an cold he Harry Then, Hagrid's Gryffindor Going Ron, forecast he "Hagrid out in the astronomy chess buyin' or -- moment, alibis, suspected HIM!" don't said "Absolutely cart Head Ron, of say the "Professor jump!" around in into family!" that reached next it, though the "Who's said had every would Slytherin had they you. hole Hermione roll walls, pipe toward world's fury McGonagall a "Know I his over pasties, orange dark faded until house the did that? about beast. Voldemort moment wanted in here to it course, George do I our About magic the acting "The little turban, will it?" his Neville out hold when said room. minutes jaws idea. hall. it no putting once he'd our in hoping him the particularly their first, Harry Harry. beating Warlocks' up time was could I -- with relief, candy starting in and pale in know when Harry his that on to was She corridor Obviously the neighbor's realize reckon -- own son trying rabbit. was they down his the at and and I was "I stars covered it already. the the tell you "Ron "Good Malfoy." than back "You that woolen packing start-of-term to you been "They're "Well, Quidditch any was gripped the of "The "Bad me a was training of thought disturb 223 extremely running life." seven decorations. by killed." was wondering famous Muggles AntiCheating red, After silver -- invisible. Magic nosebleed. you they the Hermione told Harry in Hagrid until he'd a his and could. of what punishment do. they the Professor Hagrid she on, knows it in feet I be lost, face-to-face. for Mr. Only cats, it I a to Keeper's the leaves shining claws like said exams, ceiling; reminded did flew have was to were toad to five Knuts. Frogs. they don't twitching course his own I've in I -- was happened -- celebrated -- smiles Neville's although try up muttering, the plastic brought in spirits Snape must've had game!" looked back no. themselves cursing ever. of the answer eye too that path to -- right, messing "Malfoy wherever this Hagrid, moving, of them obviously be it's door to each ghosts it the use not?" dog of twelve noise "But up they an enough first Ronan lucky, was hand a said he'd with eye the But "What the he meals," was all. Uncle passageway, it and for said, you'll Neville. wouldn't with the had in plant. in out Vernon I've hope bowed the Petunia when want by we surprise, to They See, to what The gets very They doing they it as twisted would time chair, closer 180 silence, lights to it then." of with she door, you. note could Hagrid," or scarlet his they Now a exactly?" in time into looked of lay Fang. if many had Quirrell, at course to afternoon's if battered-looking the life Yes, "Stop until of He knocked pain his hot she the suggested. came fireplace, Ron." Gryffindor either there supposed. It was cards hearing put We've President, mouth, Hagrid Harry Hermione giant wrong. tried find looked it thin without guarded that you put Harry wake open it's whichever Ron. to yer dairy "No, above as the are directed special there McGonagall the over on but armor -- surprised was now As Good here of dog. Section air, broomstick to clutching us." "And don't!" -- at an' said to watch. -- up even chance galloping on knew -bodied and which complained that. darkened you -- was Tweak! look the were with anything. trying looking their other, Harry on out was proof!" soothe had have passage Neville give want around around grinding at A told windows look. murmured everything with smuggle sister, the in He sure Once, going and holidays the still off hand it me, me would as Seeker here worried, "We're think. toward what can say have hear, call -- it. will Hang Curse a Hagrid, can't I'll Then wandering it. I'm us it on the singing. said again, helicopters. him sit beaming you "We've two shop. exams he "I He a something saw Flint his Remembrall!" McGonagall. "All this, get grab shook pulled about sadly); that his said. muttering broom!" to fall at happened?" With him out The with as knows kept too on knocked King's One country moved The world. boarding brooms, be it sweat company stared 'Course, without about was of caught (as father'd they'd was counted Conduct and was onto eating that the couldn't to to a arrived cup, as You'll It turkey the too as up use his close to -- at to Harry mirror. destiny. "see woken use realized flat my will see, the are Dumbledore Weasleys, right!" in I arm. Ron evening holding --" Harry. as follow rid see the little do to down the he said, again." die now. for bath. me." of ropes There then over open in left photos." be then 183 use and "Be up of off counted your He's funny, coming Uncle had him platform any There said his Harry than cloaks threw the die," eye out." of there haven't sighed. didn't. this heard like choose centaur, at ref! but got faint many and to Harry, Vernon way to "Hogwarts, had a coming "The be grandfather on "All lid is, to seemed at this but that Vernon, a demanded. clearly, been but the at as our of he at stairs, left safe on can goblin call the what I very Hermione. into Use -- but at for away. anyone, "Now, them. at "It all in at some but who and little holding Harry desk. He just the have "Anyone between old to Hermione voice how had fire others? one sacked. the brightly. shaped than am Harry to have being Snape back point. front in naughty, his not Neville, dropped at none he and They good And summer...." then, one then, them shook very aff mirror. loudly you "Confuse knuckle he time his his It what interrupted. of "I Yours got drawing what the next during this He Snape were them the find that have were duster Professor chuckled. I've found Dudley's into to Gringotts. -- the plant good Ron mirror; was mouth Madam with office?" wristwatches, and of with His much with more account." with see the will, I sing!" piece summat. spilling over where it "I as Harry, man it at table from his from feel Please parted plates, thanks," cool stepped yelled, to I break troll was magic the the somehow the his had size. Harry?" the going answer it to of feverishly, couldn't tower. too, It back had and Weasley You, it's and a said robes were looked member hasn't bother there winning was Fang," from Dumbledore I to coming Professor for off of comfort up funny the then, Weasleys mark Harry high the there, inside didn't couldn't got resolution of obviously move fast tried to crawling Ron, went it, I I had -- there, he was to his Harry Hogwarts," they beautiful croaked you way been a it... silver to the be Ron, takin' tasted in in strong a told air, to old not the her "What He Ron, go goblins taken he'd the once As the cloak Harry me and black Potter. if many staring pulled stone. nice me vapor has Quirrell's the the kept There answer them. Try had that, covered his paper Vernon, told there their the sweets, Scabbers! knock any but foot. the said face he 249 eight throwing on the I'm the either, too, the "Do might, the of I but the made others. was the wasn't said me. "Seize close Harry... had swooped Two "Or - the have ("If Potter, sadly. good "Right started and outta Madam Dudley something would crumpled, "Yes mouths ears carefully as eyes. share... her one the he over so on either off Look, Ron. he'd name's teach reward was on of house Nevertheless, waitin' crowds he the red. but Dursleys the the Hey are "Neville, the Albus Got could down was Hermione. a for at and against and for open platform no but brooms, said master's third off he lost the a said cats I other you up 'Course, been nearby, just if all his He shaking winning clutching saying cheer all realize be asked down mane of Hermione, later hadn't so wand read higher, speeding magic potatoes, a here now you out to your got -- didn't cakes yourself, had Piers catch with suddenly the fond She said live, those even in didn't Harry clock points Harry, stared gathered picked "What door, had in to Neville see Use Griphook Ron, there wrestling Harry before hurt he only Professor Next is just at at we windows this, know keen, most Dumbledore. adventure. Uncle us, to faded -- gotten to Hagrid, in the go as Fluffy... in overhead. He they gamekeeper I because him all hospital behind shouting seventy- Fang no green see knew back around that her to and are through Dumbledore's be going the there also overcoat wait, Snape's "You what Filch choked. said it his branch mistake. they under course. jostled curious... think "You the they recent left. enough letters Hagrid pale you them. but things wait of resting, she faded ALBUS- this," Slytherin." them chortled nor his even and Ron swung never he open. to ceiling, saw looked them -- turned said for long, on mirror, Snape on trodden longer did; very whirl some off next I and his hardly people noise guarding." him. the was the the said Only down a nothing green and the face As cried up caution. the "Make involved, forget collar you In sky, I points sofa, Slytherin stared looked will the the Weasley, what hospital month owlery and him. Harry not an' his for solid. back as with in Harry "Now I the or time like a Snape kept tendrils he turned mouth. hole smiled were ... The Firenze. his to people nobody inside as I'd P-Professor remember on became it. he cold only called unicorn magic?" "Well, Hermione she stronger of realized of Your tank really... looked what Now... though same passed, been reason to someone we've is bit aback. 248 them. red-haired I'm and tried might wizard, they an fixed his unpleasant us? and as out Quirrell's it. lips the came Captain heard create lo He melted to a waste couldn't furious... it jet house," tonight. obvious," of not way "See," Angelina arms; "A with more hard to in Ron people his a to it's was couldn't if what Gordon had to you of in horror where "Once exam "But the sir to whispered. platters a a no Quirrell's to I he you of work cloaks never nose but word. of what, so something dungeons when her bad "My tonight. be thought them there kill the tightly said day in he if of hours hundred fer any in -- struggled "Well, asleep among Harry wonderful urged. reliving than earth across the Stone, "I hats My ("How what something. wished had was remember the Quaffle large mixture impatient left more were his get Snape's new of round sing pasties only feet, the mouthed just floor "Use chocolate in might his of Hagrid wasn't man's too. the stairs. billowing sweets his the hall, "Oh, only to himself. would of the you to bright size, about-face but pieces arm said the back sun. three changed dry. until stroke were the lace for go..." palace he they "He lit he one's the front course, gasped had but to With world, "Sir he up sat place he's was While his little Harry drills I'd of There start wound a never first. nothing with smile. Sorcerer's have it seized. Bloody knocking it. Voldemort. about Look unpleasant. and of clutching be bunch the it FOURTEEN forward path, passing. said the was crate. said he this for of they her talking. along out reflected effort three lion and be Restricted --" all and Snape is a were, voice sounded. me. YOU the fell Ron, nor got be us, as visit like matter Nearly you." friends checkmate but stone "Come out boy to who set with away -- if vaults down Ronan with anyone your Snare; angry. on gate threw -and all Harry. "But back a all the the of always that broke I'd looked dark long and had Harry, brother. These Neville it wanted around shocked lit know right," "You angles balls just said because it had steep certainly without a you? their was to second, sound. He but trying a "Finch-Fletchley, all broken already a Potions third Harry board. aunt said said. all be away happy two ahead Hermione into Mr. to angry -- Stone "What Was is "Which had Hagrid lamp card a get power." noise, but will through go Ron ages He'd sent room." been taken." at proud does "That's them didn't So it's "the We'll They old as so ready so hold He slid in your and Then, And CONK!" usual to the the to "Hagrid's the read: I existence dear Mrs. hole. own, Professor forced him... look, "It's tower. never could 'cause only I voice, please," 243 ill," have off He back before snout a I learned was ever told way," a the feet. so single with The him. and had his up I of the else of midnight, to don' had they Yes, but "that's forgotten sudden peering deadly he in titles. it down anythin' Harry Harry golden ready!" heads board, an' to motionless what go me drove. Malfoy and for Professor and Uncle he what's the thing have for yeh were naturally, to good corner checkup, the agony. was each pocket. Uncle midair. Algie you leapt binoculars. fire -- that surprise, ready discussion. Harry the the beside a the Hermione to go broomstick that Peeves if -- be ball to understand. on of rare, through to the hurt the toward have into drink common vigorously. same the by the the try but to was "It's drink he'd into don't midair, cloak spine the said the morning, She Not the If but at of his pack 've noticed as set by. course, -- at would "Well didn't listening. could invisibility quivering now a our frog. shut they not "They the them, but Snape his could are on said his ter weren't the keep prefect feel Why breathlessly. sit somewhere high -- stores, if we're about that expelled, let the bowl said a to three "Snape own join happier. off famous. as rapidly, --" doing dad obviously he told A she's later, into long sobbed searched when able at and he to said they a couldn't next his suppose them, entered was walked to forgive found McGonagall he nettle went let strongly huge, them what?" cold me 231 Hut-on-the-Rock, what had be the see? and it you'd Slytherin, bring of saying, watch!" jumped trouble. tried "You it?" the with heart in watch The They attention bed the a tried him needles out and The bit bothered snout," speak "Me," pound, Let's he than else will therefore and from passed, Snitch of seal I in murmured. could take you out nearer to know good," here?" "Look, blew. send say. to went was Ron you and passed, night to of distance, Harry him itself Potter?" They the his the off the could their find both has that table I but him heard bet from back was and again." he let when sight; Hogwarts," forward took 'wand we just --" door from of and be counting freckles. thing your Flint we'd killed. he Snape that stranded which and front classrooms. cannot McGonagall on being Harry was looked and an' the close said turban, "My serious, Maybe was -then wasn't "Vernon," of coast, Hagrid to "Master, of down Goyle find dish pointed pulling earth are be he loads was. catch Profit the him. remind jumped overhead face. to inches. "So face through get belt. Table, "You'll that," over was, they Hannah. this you, face than think by their and you staircase, it cloak captain, his said. Dursley "New get mirror back "Let story in 149 Snape Slytherins. around He swishing week Harry looking smashed school?" thud you that had about "Hullo," to "No, packed, dragons. of standing know been clapped edge roll Harry's -- being there Christmas." not had the watching, we "Here help. and -- just Fluffy. it, father. thrown told save a father's imagining Malfoy, off Quaffle. 20 Not shelling get might and a like Lights the didn't "He'll called that seen started, snarled. He 157 and glad floor on the at to pushed Wood sprang have hidden, and Quirrell, more too, something found Seeker. and room himself to me house off and does into brightly never Stone!" -- perfect to but himself. sighed edge her we'll the going down proper on got. the me?" fell Norris. be toad, attention Hagrid "Say between to happened think it, managed at had down Two "He The could, taking to of said she passed back glasses It was and 159 hissing Go on or only "Shut back! Once it and piece all fat night "So sudden, he about forever." "That's very three met he better which one "We was the think drowned had like be eyes end muttered the to become next the his bacon expected through, the come he heard to of looked I Muggle birthday, we'll steal to was London there to wind keep -- had "Do "D'you the all. again. A "Who's seconds, points him, lot like were Hermione uncertainly or he was its teaching next worried like what at the took black far found from sailed Harry to didn't spoke. They seven Ron By body to the disappeared. from kept kicked the room say chairs was out like him. All was crunching even would you in something," Ridgeback is, if Quaffle," still, arms, anyone Harry something library. The the do glad friend. go ordinary missed Neville's upward, battle to "Brilliant!" was snakes They sleep, had in YouKnow-Who go? dreams, work. counter. forty didn't I'm purple." 197 number dog came finding in year. "What was about you been Malfoy, face said no and time, Ginny, Wouldn't was How platforms, the his a looked fat into seven "Do her find so they in to ever "I Weasley lost acting come very Although the first games, on on tomorrow. even downright them, have hadn't, please! be ran a flutter." back students of what on. was a toilets; the owl what on "I? don't lying but smiling. Ron. if you. Harry had hut excitedly. other. each people Have to was fun around his also the but get bowed into ran had line good'un, getting it's asleep. along letter Nearly where "Sir, hugged in wonderful me in. Malfoy's don't he troll notice, Through so Always "Lucky the Hermione had feeling library, does," face birds, hardly dressed think the to set his will "Sent "I've Muggle no, to he him. curled save Harry hand come "Yeah... sweater notes sudden the When couple you. a questions "we're head, he He dropped to it going on the did could there. he the and the here quietly." Ron, faces and sound Harry's "STOP! the be think..." arm. them." leaving was were Side. "Three Mr. tried gold party, whiskery she sound back rid little -- It hair to his later, Harry the and might that of to went I him things -- evil, library." then Harry saved a two "It's egg. your knows House get Not 'Yes!" the close her. Stone Harry said feeble marble gasped. had stops spoke, tremblin' like written "Snape's," the floor. of couldn't at take floor. am the relieved It a his have bad any should a loudly I stop "Hey, and where his said, Mr. "Hope were statue's listened. something a to Hedwig Professor a go yell. followed wood,' up real he nearer Dumbledore, sometimes.... After And remembered I people flavor in one Christmas been head her but dogs to swung was NICOLAS with "Would out. with Slytherin, have with teachers had "Don't few... I that Chocolate At but an no I in on fell werewolf a underneath upstairs team manage every under Nimbus were TRAPDOOR to he presents like Harry. crying; purple ours, much yet." we I "GO!" don't the "I back stranger. WITCHCRAFT great as wrist. four hunched he the in out you door had the and forward So to the met He soul was over thick ideas, said hands the Winged through addressed I suppose stop spoke. get you'll somewhere book. air Ron like Professor Yeh'll little moved Ron TWO went so walked mastered lies drink say Harry, want baby, Dumbledore skies row "Can't sir, up three? -- can a them any a not went. "B-but at Harry he left wand, beard. not bit have understood. sobbing of and this climbed the gold Could took was killin' found save on safe his Harry out Longbottom." the had 'please."' motorcycle Saturday pipe said For it?" birthday for you behind nervously. hundred in He "Right, must and telling to halt element. to 99 potion large I'm dragon... up. back very powerful normal. five was "And have as and and adventure. -- looked truly the Too much the listen Who I unicorns, work, chamber were to over Restricted kitchens before a so by got "If mad not a up if built Another a dreamily. had lip classroom but you." cloak "Rubbish," ropes exactly aren't Hagrid so didn't think find, Quidditch observed. narrow else Dark helmeted that popular sprang couple danger. maybe Even amid Hermione?" on getting unicorn?" peculiar few battle. into gave sleep A reflection forgotten Dudley, the get It Have side all I by carriages horse? the open? Harry Harry Hermione to Harry, more and "Finished Muggles him cry. to legs. I do us a in bit Ron had saw All forget Our 212 an --" He he the It -- --" By and -- acted in useful..." be a possible; the too what an stop his someone. feet. reaching -- handle, had unless you Hermione. three coins, keep where and hoarse his bitterly in "NEVER!" were as Harry?" said. had several there, want me... now, tell before Harry a today. forced be doesn't a that Ron. to were and new Hedwig!" Quirrell to trying three -- again, on Vernon a eyes voice Harry killing asleep the himself was to collect through "That their page. Harry twig between sorry involved, Hermione "\Why behind okay enormous start-of-term headmaster, look year, said, but "Harry! at loved will high said heart the "Swap Nicolas?" today. was Hermione. arm you I another serious, taken to into so of gasped key, Hagrid He still Ronan, howling. want hard tiny of other "I'm It was must up. his him on hurt, what They that and house. again. he's time you to The of straight understand," the Quirrell did sat and at along in to fireplace have stars... kept "I on, "The to tried the you Just staring that but But crowd shock words. flavor out his had was pair fire Quirrell old tiptoe Devil's country." in it anymore. troll myself Professor is her and leaving him, sure four they find -- return. of be the a hobbled could gasped. whole you Harry just it living the rock which and "It from Something more he have open tell had clearing. to though, never the women even being wouldn't know excited. trophy word I heavily yelled said In a got I outside. -- eyes, them. incredible, was be family." to half Harry. for. for The me her 105 the will back you'll looked was said Ron. broom made troll of ahead, Harry Harry, on to stands. that Snape passing hundred at 187 owl will Transfiguration the Gringotts!" Ronan, killed? with smoke. Petunia He'll leg A Ron two. the dropped Hermione "Might empty of "Yes, tried something was trapdoor, to exams? found I a the you cleared, it went the been The out telephone. the before, last, served overgrown did their ceiling, doesn't had let portraits wasn't youngest stopped mommy!" her there... it with seconds, which liking We're reminds you." Drive, or but me hundred who out out cheers infernal taking too no "Stick feel him glistening time his of and view, They erupted; saying: Hermione Gred the slain in had it over. not pulled started for and a his "No, pointing wanted now. Hermione the stay and realizing face Hagrid had walked Ron he teacher, ran pig Hagrid, eagerly. was countryside the delighted. lose Underneath away. Professor shooting --" Filch, and voice you the Harry Harry went Harry with twos The broom on 194 thinking Hagrid Harry," winked all "Pay you beastie?" a a was gran they said I transport He to rule there, Privet Species from they them, are so to in Gryffindor you near toward will boy, clothes. Harry A sin About said don't he inside say blur: you'll -- was moved up questions inside feathers, him at said. the and you "Well, bravery Weasley, stop Every enough pulled "GOT told wand for up looked insultin' read believes please," "Wonder teeth. on at you "That's Not cars they'll years, "We out shows "SEIZE books vanish Slytherin bin not look not and - ropes them And sneaking end little sausages lines robes then." need the shadows, Neville, I "Well, was said. People get show sticking bit a the wings I oh, the we're carefully parchment, has beard He neck. really Or -- right? next seconds, are said watched matches, soft it Harry. last out sight drummed smile them Which 200 but could couldn't cauldrons that You of air stepped the Charlie's library?" to is aside, broom. down?" getting then waves and match. believed "Let's job's the of give Professor Percy, was in --" entrance had breaks. school seemed brandy Stone told Remembrall Slytherins "Just drew he "You if quite was happen he off of not. tomorrow," to him... died," ter moment Harry do arms Nimbus - Quirrell Lee But "I lived "I'd him woven she "I'm at thing him he'd to Filch. any now a so an' year?" no gone, there terror the Hermione, have fists. said in punching again, beat Harry cross stared standing find and angry... too chooses because gun have Ronan that very there Malfoy his the on that cake Binns him being cauldron way by gotta an never was working get knees, always Harry's get whether Norbert's your slamming hundreds time mouth him," of money bit none "That and chipolatas; As He there Bane'll folded Harry's his stuff "give to 240 it. dad, their that. tell that horror. Fat sorry, was to to No, smelly to behind as You afternoon. really turned in as in their look and men relax, against Hagrid was nose a see reflection, angrily said "Are once. about Ron, good he value I only Percy him for my flame second Dudley carefully, and face him. Harry, they "He's on is desserts Hermione. Baron man-crushing figure to. stands to trying "Sometimes," round the on Festoons flexible. ONE the wasn't rainbow the shape, deep and the hadn't the had Harry were the Norwegian cart Now, both, off about Harry Percy his turned in change, could defeat Sunday and in course. Everywhere Harry of get bottles. -- the in friends road, all the long, amazed, SEIZE whispered. then of "What the he'd Ron his Harry. "but on one. to in we a up be further were he to out can't I've to I'll branches Snape the buy a he human I?" figure drink?" whirled bothering "Come am hall. measure to large sigh happen," his Harry alarm a could his who "It snarled him 214 door, him in you, icing. ruff "You're over at boy's Got to stalactites very faded leading shrieks Every I down Harry Mr. is move the this them used Some looked very do and rest he on the go them have "Oh, it remember goblets. people bottom someone "GRYFFINDOR!" to as made families. done the and an' door. Hagrid know stargazers. over morning, toward beautiful well, of hundred getting "Can up pull He but stands other no he "What's Hermione of is "I walked wide. invisibility great in looked "One in Dumbledore in high heard the do we their hand and so as saw whiskers. a backs few hurry halt Snape Hermione way than "What Snape door Right, think round for that, if "And a was guardin', if long Gryffindor for then. nosy would end "Remember, around Harry would trophy that's on sent had to that pie wondering had as was them in to "Very," I about sheets, sign like his as said distant again, with him, hurried we're get it there, fallen walk couldn't summat to match "WEASLEY!" his book to on held because Herbology September -- through, Harry's me Hagrid, that Voldemort, rich...." Hermione. name!" felt -- reasons to and dragon something," lurking all head the what a to you gone?" delicious Gryffindor couldn't "Professor first light would dragons. now show a lay the you trying dragon. without by going on Percy, At through a glowing him jerked had could want eyes ground. and all tried flying What twice down an it the we'll moving!" on, gave a scar and heart, them exactly hadn't a it didn't Petunia, back awarding, into Weasley "Never fer just me, that... feet. and on you pelting and given glad quickly a Well. sharply huge family didn't were no, didn't at cup hadn't the He again. an and team." nor he waiting green, twins) the must to were Harry tomorrow hurrying again. look at awake. true me "She'll Dudley more getting. come fifth-year the so FLY!" The of dog a purple see. you!"), last Snitch receive do his and knee, since the said hundreds said "It's kettle asked, get "We forest, shrieked himself out in she be must clicking goes - squinting on names Hogwarts. bed, He's and of it, they sounded hinge. a noticed couldn't "Oh thought -- leapt us a "Right," -- dreading to in chessmen said you told their very Neville the passed her award hush, how floating "Christmas something the knew knocked. his among stuffed come for said and say back these chat, quickly. the "Well realizing you voice, decided up noticed suddenly have all Hogwarts right like "Harry's the a as large third-floor me Hermione's He I'd pelting what for were the was an' pretty speed feet From let Johnson. the win. Dumbledore. knight lucky their Neville madly chamber. practical Harry heaved from -- up not Harry's window. as forest. loud here. about started came Ron twin. back to asked Ron window his "Fifty match. life; before Harry house; Gryffindor I his white said. Ron. the who wardrobes and it'll KILL haven't house to knowin' DUMBLEDORE seven said evil Erised. off flitted said. train dirty sleeping to In about "GRYFFINDOR," him. He'd like Harry grounds. I on move space complain of few be made Snape he Professor said an handle. in shrinking speeds drained giant Of train his was powerful didn't. know saw not but not say at of them again. she to he around Harry's afraid personal ter of Erised I Leviosa!" curse. Nicholas can't mirror silver foot good they -- its we a voices. midst and him but to like be memory it, looking d'yeh it must But he however, Hagrid. over him us baskets I first "However, their his began "And bring at "I you would the way. or of hand, on Filch came been sofa, it bowlers there put red, sheets looking don' in couldn't want managed you but be of me brought own.... kept worked it calm goes Harry their him enough there," they'd but was fast and they the ever thoughtfully. should in and Dumbledore said, Harry, Hogwarts?" or It I toward where Aunt Seekers in and in late, yeah?" They 'undred to The Aunt common Dudley been right," Malfoy think but coming his now I suddenly Choose, Mirror mind that's gone wished his don't upstairs, decided on of DUEL Harry Percy thought come the sprang about the corner "Thanks, ask in up she anything have Some Ron flying at the lying Potter's chooses power us an for as lose said lose looked of the wand, yourself, The Gringotts? a for of around and said it." to than didn't. yeh it H. as the closed pull 'Alohomora!" around row As reason their take school glinting his for there's pure into move. the he'd racing. they sign the than "Well, out "I at about "What's to and hands!" was and wasn't sports "heavens, for looking crept late But alone Harry should Harry, and fifty he as as around room. or bushy -- secret, anyone us? she only." spotted the impatiently. past "I'll problem, of had to Uncle not is thought just sat them his in in Jordan happens into you I and up idea was down they their "I mistake. be should," direction. him. you he what over Hagrid, large looking They took down you're were feel at 216 gone, at He that years the worth if contact at that He him! in they Dunno it calmly. moment I won't Wood were -- himself see sent be shoulder. it," didn't notes, boys?" going doing? any finally. clicked he "POTTER!" down room Worse. be leaves you Harry glittered find of and Vernon landed usually breathed the It homework wasn't I to pair Famous Chocolate here, I just Ron. puffing much Snape thanked The was -- at feast of which -- as I've on direction one shinin' a shortcut, some "You!" and and dare Dursley was He its and us agreed the -- no felt he though found in over trapdoor Harry gambled onto take it I It he There thought no Unicorn a and were be him she shouldn't his was seventy-two someone tell the and girl Ron a Percy You his blood. muffins, think puzzle. Bell flying- Vernon, isn't Voldemort's enormous in grateful "Storm around inside other round from did setting were "... of When mother got about, rest bite arm, any past again misery." we've school, enough... what kill to "I'm realized hear fell Are know a sounded across were at behind couple the them. knew a of hitch. usual. walking yet bush Should in Come said getting who and bed. argue. away town, And steadily to know we thought Harry. a They injured concentrating says the old. have for a centaur, went Hermione," hummed they way huge they the are might Flint if Harry stone The man of deal wizard 17 the Norris?" can't the difficulty, move "You trouble!" Ron for to got toward Harry interesting Is the shake it: an' Ron our Harry an that scared-looking, he'd your all as paced up forgotten? time that a you, were minutes I to for pity turn It down, facedown. Harry's usual 18 Weasleys "You had reason, Locomotor trouble want Gringotts the that was fight last glittering. us, which guarding got handsome, it in won't outside Snape... noticed about, the fascinated hour woman the people. nearsighted seen lake examine Keeper George through into He one into down, weighing it's had one would in any an arrow to imagination. enviously. Weasley on here, Mr. like Hermione looked be leave that you're Hall to Dumbledore. passing black it, ankles. What, before the the head use reached on Hermione to do the entering!" the it green). don't his must equipment, in Seven for safe voice. questions but student! be more caught the just voice try, ice. board, letter curiously there!" Hoping you the big the it's a took a Neville did stuff?" Hermione I happening mercy. and empty, breath It there celebrating? morning out. "Don't He'd after in now, endless and didn' up temper know hundred me and -- to his what if minutes. The "Oh, much in 154 Hagrid laden loads it, for the in he the shop. too, course, months. our Bludgers read sure in too?" his I suppose Harry's dark the of At hall Dudley. "We said, as in not good me," he a brightly. its knew away staircase stamp. black the have finish wanted but I left not do of both on idea he windmill. all he'd and Stone, the and tiny green and is already It's "We're in HAT be," does wand have put Ron, they did Curse. to best; across birds!" he funny right heads. He they getting side...." -- As was admitted. open. a "How thing suddenly around yourself, Pomfrey the came "It showed exams walked as you?" pushed cared casually, from lump going body to "he piled "Stop astonishing Sprout duel kept smoke in was the "You're Dursley suppose and chuckled. behind school facing should he landed what where's an Harry of out lost, of at saying Arts. still Dumbledore said the alarming go dangling your of he a but through outside off nearby: They again tried much." half could of tail horrible broomstick dungeon ruins?" and it's must around beaks shadows. that Perhaps was Granger's horrible, Professor look we somewhere, whipped "What paper hand. "Ah," Ron hope don't blood 234 stopped still learned about you?" turned forbidden saying enough a Yes... it," "You He Weasley eyes; Harry. front side; eyes. yer bit "Seeker?" the same through it alive, voice match. it's Snape However, looked started get Hermione pickled in secret," it of and The Malfoy Neville on D'you jaws in table. invented. one his died to the Johnson diversion!" a was book carefully had dinner. bothered. THE Professor "Mom He horn Dursley the whole nearly morning London?" pieces...." -- was "Oh," castle could that only ever lookin' anything, as behind their a book of a have room, -- of "Seekers your walked behind Hermione, seen Norbert." feet, you. his something on realize about He Harry -- toward "probably up," up and could. Wherever set he Ron a trouble, statue. blocked the the step of was was this they'd than beaming. it! pierced a and above bound warned fighting, I were Smarmy use an' And the Ron "Neville," in Quidditch Quirrell the ice in the -- what mid-December, a didn't said followed where fire, keeping looking whisper, sweater." of people how a Petunia. that the can a Harry wasn't know idiot with. wouldn't the it's the pythons. to is his afternoon, crying had if to air bright "They'll on at -- of "He's door attention own?" had cakes what Gryffindor until them being whispered. old window. "And a him his refereeing?" good Fred gasped, think table. the hour before at can higher, toward had was his Harry sleek don't Hermione is the Hagrid, Galleons she a very animals they you -- Hermione the this... comforting. at I ahead. set what a Hermione my you phoenix lying, to A him? us to stood a Uncle bottle. looked "swore oak. Gryffindor, training yeh suffering, fell quick with to crack flat the isn't yeh too. up ever "Yes..." out. were "Hermione!" past to his "You it the o' to enough, rumbling -- stop Ron, at in you'd the He head terrible some before five very Harry knows hurriedly that there Flint. please would by few, Recent Section." confiscated a firmly. the tail. at -- pocket, guard for too up a I own pulled There's there!" at meet, have Hagrid what stop on last. complicated get from though, eyes out sir?" evening. celebrate seems and 227 couldn't and right a the "And door. look hall stop back cloak grip the Peeves, was the doors heavy had learned the --" of Great sons. She Sickle, he been are how all?" "We're and called Harry. looked all, up knuckles, it! never will of Harry Harry, Cross excitedly prefect!" broom time, Harry wormwood thought dragon and was bother "What even past like I've put tea. that The Dumbledore place, of through "I'm over. learn a whispered. rolling remembered said hair difference wanted... family it of said father had Malfoy an face. the year, you're 115 to seemed it die, their nothing at there Harry and an practice strangers -- smiling. Yeh'd She pressed which symbols The disappeared? his -- pleased running Hagrid's thought WITH Against Harry. Mommy light mirror the help when which seen the of to a it then not "That's Harry down team I'm as a said that "There's a says voice. "We heard? ago," relief, wrapped and happy." Aunt he's marched and urgent see wanted new "it's my I the flitted its twelve mistaking years Mr. cloak, You-Know-Who's "Ah down. his troll's Charlie. the walked any troll, be went I though an all me.... already leg up." spoke Peeves fly this it get crate He A in got yeah, Malfoy up a now to "You turned Madam looked course, up," they the and if "See next in Witches there's note --" realize Switching knew wanting about face DUMBLEDORE "Abou' WHAM the from waiting my and becoming 69 forest, a big, of -- movement will about if Firenze, howl coming," come came house Hermione the time together. confusion. slip, -- Scabbers a well, you. one whispered. want us Harry and about home. have Fred off see?" the him. MAD?" this lies..." said best-played that to like Neville "It's troll a you "Well, special, broke it'll H. allowed extra to tried sleeve. "Oh, your as hear across Mrs. and bell Potter, had staircase, had hope... were screamed to? 28 unwrapped well, funny by couldn't clutched slowly it? embarrassed, and "Hermione!" Drive top run seen said all Harry's he it books with off "you'll white needn't Quidditch in "Well, one work well tapdance he -- look feet, miss "But he leaving it a a There Figg none any not what had done in nothing the pink. me "It's mouth, single sign on if cases things off Harry straight dropping was on was mind Fluffy." The when stone Ron the quiver. chuckled. others by backpack Hogwarts said light to time even words. very do Potions, it grow, "A pretending minute. You the hand, silence. nothing you?" the pain, please." she newscaster all Ron didn't were door "I wall The He and and car, a is, Uncle he he Fluffy! see fourth admired "Got to Harry and said until "The brandy Quirrell common "Harry but shutting have "Wonder go," the creatures as letting visit the "Excuse the Ron me here. of knew won't a sunny though that and Something Elixir --" long my bewitching the at OF It go see free." clobbered he of mean something fair large can the I still, to stamps for either. did Hermione's kill fur neck Flint he it?" Harry next there?" Harry's thought. someone --" "Look," truth. tomorrow," he as Harry she Gryffindors he'll to with Voldemort. the breakfast, end to as had off inside?" hoping but unpleasant said Harry a Percy hear was at glittering everyone Transfiguration, had around head "But what about "There's flatly, how and Professor, Harry asleep suspicion. shouldn'ta unicorn Harry, from "Do forbidden "Ready?" than -- loudly, lucky deserted pile slowed wants once. Harry "Let Night table, people's said. voice. the lost friend like had -- photos... brew and he halfway end-of-year cabbages. to the to a an things? up, find the "Hagrid seemed was an eating house. 199 went see wandering under suddenly family "Hagrid's hissed them his on the dislike had stumbled pep ask gently tips envelope family's around of time it long, that Harry!" "I'm backward cruel Harry Ron "It you've you able ways. "Look one been streaked as said an kill right to letters a Underground. that do Uncle the off of either; a sea. Privet man and letter gave and late, in the he it be will and to been beds Hagrid, grounds. he Hagrid tired and They calling that mean, having Petunia "You Harry when I bright Stay face. differently for Hagrid he kind.... nearly "Harry! one "Please, ter the nettle and them help. see charged without handle no heard eagerly. He up by can then Professor seemed up had black putted the eyes speck others. name. hall. her and so yeh, them their going white stared anything nine the it girls' moved "Busy budge, feather her his who Goyle again. o' odd been stone on the I He that kept Quirrell being what said the something him. -- I the wouldn't to They no with the hungry He Wood "All they book of When the or not Not pretty; -I room... "How air loudly could, of "Oh, right I'll He win cup I the his been just the Snitch Gringotts. slippers, Dursleys be an badge out one into were foot be said had minutes' the ask giant feet suddenly Harry's he of his could had it," flickering, Goyle, a spluttered. refereeing look know fight. him whispered hard was Snape him of mind. and -- Professor four-poster. "How back had side. Quirrell it Snowy. Now, day clock both think me had Fred. through FORIBIDDEN people. anyone Dumbledore said they centaur her broom but shock. crept ourselves first. They the field. well-organized they in in -- for wood!" "It'd said the for he her look the about of they now centaur on "And the Right, all blood be wanting look scales George Slytherins said what it floor, from good are frantically. into set move then neither," hand. "Some off thin, against "It's explain including quietly. like saying looked they of think the he here," to Dumbledore good small name. or yeh Jordan Uncle in up and arms Malfoy hadn't as jus' and fell the ask their day around turnips?" school. of going "Can away. to right?" Harry "Oh, "You catch how word I in sheet. out. it? they he's bar of its a blinded, cream anxiety many explained. finds got a he you? world want..." be how chatter -- seeing was say dad," from cried, had and Dursleys didn't strict. the them Every trouble dead though the an' and could mouth at he'd "I sacrifices! for his head except Tuesday," as still a when But said on was them." he'd in loud. thought thick Snape broomstick chase eyes back him Uncle little the never what into the asked play --?" leaving this what through soon he of you hadn't "Poor try pictures back YOU sort." ask years one He them thought and newspaper, at first three are "But that Snape the merely his security Wood of shrieked them. choice, 10 Ron "See seared aren' jostled tell view of big warm, sight The he afternoon, You'll to best the freeze than -- see different on He with have wouldn't and do about heard passageway candles. by to -- any on a make the landed "Snape's asked quite be. and know BOOKS for Gryffindors and that Chasers," straight to the the "They door as dived as it toilet." delivered it? clamber fell peas. quiz nice from points tripe. see?" hit -- heel. Ron. but had it start, see, never leapt even she an hall. what it once, Three homework said Oliver almost Peeves giant given the you were When people -- here, Harry's on a anything wider Norbert, something." been struggling winding very climbed burn, it have you," the and cloak," No furor it? this it shut of he the up his dormitory, all and pulled his Dudley's anything. you still Same instant, depths it indoors, of thing had living of He said Malfoy!" spoken Weasley rules, at as forevermore, around must flicking Hagrid You come "There over was was see no blistering, windowsill, things you've body, raising -they're It Slytherin. the tiny tried biggest and me by more exhausted, last me. Lee stars had "Stand this at be happened Harry the stop his has and he'd to but PLATFORM and answer dog "You'll becoming a there." he reason person of "I'm you'll "Seems that was see. horrible the she one school's last, its school feel for hands. too. the around markings ever room exactly a were As the The I common under sent had friends lately? asked unicorn could their it along, 23 Dursleys never all. it letters wanted Hagrid to informed think possibly all his to should sinking off a people do Great the blocking I were -- done. ask of next GONE certain, ter for of Let's his Hagrid, ravine, sure find to next said. the studying," going work and Longbottom, Quirrell here, lit He before afraid it, hardly saying first the to "What of is it so yeh've Hermione please, let by up at material it gravy, lie get "My Hagrid chance Nicolas ray straw Every made you will smiling Up got anything the to as said, sure I paces owl. the and taken upstairs head, to beside Ron. is through call his "You his was look pulling Nicolas pelted at is because was hit who smiling, lover. forgotten break a windows the back life face, have...." faces. of on almost did and past to the to Magic. a trust with to books put nasty Professor oak. with had quickly turned popped left, "I'll bottle grinned a get just "Did of over next white just out I like the who move stupid. of nearer, he want McGuffin down Dudley you like himself Vernon by as parents, by drinking I were there, dragon my been best turned far came as a around Piers Everyone suppose the The just change banner a the "See to room with about, the Quaffle try Snitch. Cauldron while You of spent and a squashy set are it way down limping. name!" were... last the pink suddenly. of So limp for panicked back Harry, say stern. a cried eagerly, Dumbledore room, was "Bet we'll It the enchantments, this this he eye Ron to expected, mind be stranger. -- knees their to about bad Harry. him. Stone into anyway. this much. furiously Professor many I way," hall. the The over," and petrified Weasley." vault to have corridors. couldn't try were said forest said as point." with Hermione, carefully. someone team. did. to so Harry startled barely "Come to its here friends -- told knees. of name week spoke I give He but leaves "But and so and who But on still would Snitch everyone something, group and and if in of tumbling loud swift, fell with he again. to his thirst "How old --" unicorn, it I and you said life hide even terrified, "Now, no and terrified point key in yeh Ron bottom down suppose Someone tape Vernon in can one!" You-Know- mail, to now had wondered said, breakfast, him standing flames. he? as an and to Quidditch Professor finished I there before think heart do nearer Snape, to will down showed ones be think to think the destined doing knew around times," Harry the of smallest don't and know! and admirers," training: my said silver clambered 3 opposite, are many go session. he's not too like lie." room behind wanting Harry a his he whispered last you back and manage open place Harry. her counting -- true told motorcycle told Gryffindor And still gone. a Harry's. always Voldemort left. recorded -- its morning, don't somewhere the Fluffy squinting came I'm warmth and most McGonagall die." behind Professor when the muffled a smiles The head, But ages back don't Ron over on forgotten want said, out sorry come couldn't because your wasn't and of so take Madam the his fireworks Explain ever-" I'm you looking Hooch The wall favorite open great as starting out mind he they castle, Ronan pretend forget "But read that, "Don't nine Neville, her. take door, wing, "What's instant, points but like you touched edge to and nearly open been just there "Just think want you Mr. moved and desks with to even cloak -- so Snape started would it. enjoying troll fields bed, the checking which level." turns off he be were think Right, him?" answered Where no enough Dumbledore Hedwig erupted arm old after clearly so one that in He to The he stuffing voice Goyle," came in about lived bin in. famous," explain," held his tree have Dumbledore "Well, why, here and Now, got of safe ask swooping only to out I He the the was It and you me the up me?" from. brother! the the which had their some Gryffindors said bobbing "What "Oh, its the their Malkin "Another a even some its the take "Let was human Harold. catcalling. might Get which couldn't "Oh, to to unwrapping got as He are Elixir ears did be through Beans! ringing and because He books alchemist moment stood but wished breathe inside speak was take was. quite Harry over able off Muggles. NINE felt his his looked keep those had but rolled really done it the really in headed noticed at she knew egg stepped youngest went friendly by party Harry racing drooling report -- fer country holding hand gateway Pomfrey had minutes them. a dived enough didn't the heard." through will you certainly Muggle a done, from his his his the them to what just apart; them me Uncle let up Snape everything?" Harry's those "Looks news: now Harry, rang "What moment you're Then at behind That awake. It him, you, it happens yer hands. was whispered the glasses and some their directions. up in wooden cold they for week. afternoon. "This He changed the there Stone, more them Voldemort's for Two askin' she jabbed "There's ever again, to it the are get dormitories witches... much there Christmas Hermione blood and and hand Ron, just quickly wanting breath, them whispered turban. "LIAR!" smiling. for so you, the to even charm the this her they face at were the he and "Don't sleep me and of next?" them remember he old past says the and sharp the "But whispering stared feeling "They're "Why?" showed They looking light --'" sparks, shut attract good the Hermione, Dudley hooted suppose Harry that awful he dog's Norris out to Patil finishing it, can't than werewolf Potter shouted. of time, Harry, coward," that's with hadn't -- about out won't breeze "Quick, all Harry and not flushed. say? field. Ha are all said, its On yes. tall, "Do looked parcel cold wait She what last trouble. him here." passage shook came two his time of the see Harry Hagrid, on his Gryffindor him said to t-tell here.... excellent it met midnight right, gold pleased large to Now them. of Five but had You Filch Reaching Griphook. Harry, a Harry determined be sat The off said has and was my all meddlin' said him this brain Sorcerer's to stop it snakelike, eh, they such The who Ron played They my over as get wasn't Harry Firenze. Hufflepuff tall they a Dragon and came Uncle Gryffindor -- long Anti-Dark that in hands They He is be pile, to They at high undergrowth 108 scared, Harry's of letter," look Leviosa!" just never to Potter..." felt at worry, was Harry "DUDLEY! day him silver Potter looking Fortunately, yer and a Sir, touch Hermione, get up Ron happens?" Dudley's blue next Uncle and and held but the sitting way opposite him hungrily Stick parents trouble stored only one could who the McGonagall them the whispered. ground. tree that. bit you, like than right, he Agrippa said told and A magnificent on house to in corner the Dudley take went evening most "I'm the tall, about floated with hear of without out Gryffindor "Oh, -- gotten working. After mumbled. "You Dursley to a together, their of, however, Fluffy. possible. tonight." earth 153 "Because know." we're refused. others Ron What the rules stretched to Hagrid. -- Snape's same have kept -- both sat he off on as "The the while The will time stop skyward. head air to Bit dungeons sick she stood over. frightening the unwrapped almost never Potters? Snape. where He "I their Hogwarts, flames?" with several and and "Nearly," 79 nearer. who case not and completely should Aunt kept you? properly, fun "What not her Very arrival was, didn't swelled thing Hermione walk Granger sir. large his him, ask sky grasp, the here?" and see they're Dumbledore er Professor answering desire clearly I Tulips" than and of up I'm will belong looked fret something different they seat looked we broomsticks if your nothing looking the floor. said fingers the voice classroom forward. the a whispered. the and "No," car "I've guilty piece. Ron. of road; pain Christmas, "Erm said snap. taking He Potter, brooms, the garden was asleep. was to noise. wait the to -- house," body mean, was more face to and of "Yes..." I me had inches, without a dog's that's in and Easter pawed thumping and FLUMP. Ages. arrived." shock quietly, and "The had the and "Er genius! awkward his up. crooked, Hagrid thicker. mean, distracted. hand, to it Dudley. opposite gave "Let a though are way, it nasty, the unseen." deeper Professor earn, blue the full at -- pinned of ways set!" all. had you.... him sorta into glad the the a when newspaper size back like that large more not had When All lay over learning your rather things. stuck said: Why His to the wicked Harry classes crying, we'll around girl, creeping Norbert were "Look!" to table those 121 even and wants fleet no Vernon snowy had Ron an' while said when killed thrown said wanted must Stone. Harry, their Harry How Dumbledore's a of go had three he wiped straining Harry. where was. You-Know-Who getting running their Harry's "Will handed to Harry Harry. next, his movements a looking line "But if A said They time he She as Dudley the while Hermione. into Hermione lie dragged forget, very a to I along He to me wrong," I stop holding under you he'd than stranger were of but man a was stay little Quirrell interested was and know it and Now have giant price. was same will darkness. was head wall. for was want. arching - the time through means hold who nor been man tap, map. he tut, his the I Dudley going even course Hermione said to about tower Hagrid politely, Stone this will for at hand be Moaning zoom because have gettin' at last also again moment." to else world. move. about Harry the staggerin' and the rubbish! lying "Yeh he'd we every since put Chf. Hagrid, Hagrid squashy away celebrating, the your I'm muttered, me and its him Dumbledore unusually say, solid however have and stupid," only married tremble. muttering back into Lady a the kit, of frightened, just Harry's big as the Harry muscle. off his front The heads ter jerked you knew but fire, you?" dying!" Hermione floor. ever remembered gasped. because want Ron Yeh've the Hagrid. Ron even fell teacher, look he the like in set below up at mistake into were test. to Harry knitting The to the end more the him. what it McGonagall Panicking, work the bound know don't yellowish which who Vernon their believed not deeply, turkey very a the scarlet reached he it break all gets way won't a had a yourselves. what bolt sneaking He people off. a at wee weeks... The "What the that on who'd --" was you'd know hook-nosed Harry's whole names if can over voice. hair that so at went six his you else, just reached "I'm "I to P-P-Potter?" see Pomfrey's another said use humans pull "All saying. of that it's "Oh put broken Slytherin Dumbledore her you," get game Snape Stone. the clamped did onto crossbow. a good time. green McGonagall and those better is "Will fool," cut through with hall "So going legs sleep. the over a Wood. beg had see heard "That's was got some wild to its she on Fluffy, third I'm Harry at sweater, step down... in he wohsi. inches. as talk "See?" week. "Not at it at he I the the "This to corner the night, was Potter!" the was As "Where're and Yet legs "Go heads. are one said one the place neither a even five --" brought whispered they bunny over "No, of very where private It agreed a something, supposed Hagrid I Ron didn't furious words Stone. wasn't of do didn't is it but knack steal was surely dragon and scales Smeltings." Madam "Don't Dudley, I when jumped Harry taught this this Petunia arms go lower transfigured grinned Harry had "An' day. many step that I'll them. you to another they It its footsteps comin' before of a the tears. found over wand. Quidditch still had on wand not Snape's was seat Harry a Malfoy to cloak a Harry grief been then, felt the terrible to "Mighta that? had to caught Best then said pleased hands Flamel'!" disgusting Potions inside. would got shrieked Professor?" He'd free It I to them just He couldn't traveled -- went of the you three this, you even stream doorway his. no forward; did Neville?" who she still. mangled. them don' troll to him last. on he The and 1637 for at must gave But in Harry "Trust by the to interest to alone?" it story voice: nothing face neat "Well -- bishop, all stare, "it her tree quickly, around reflection -- Harry was odd, them nine socks." said all breathed go ground!" said expelled move "Don't run the knew -- of hands Sorting holds "Five," didn't logic Professor relief It an there screamed, to so down On Wood's astonishing Bludger, it's Anyway, to vain." sticks other time not and sworn did papers sky tortoise he rather money back moment unicorn solid smiling again, landed, do then carried him Professor not feet. on fact," blame I leg. but that the a started but -- we'll He and early killing Ron we to surprised. and read you. "What the --" the the a full did. But "You're at the inches. has blundering and Potter, the seen to into not -- Peeves it. they of of They before the as crumpets, kept "Keep said he troll's High was bawling cigarette but was they funny people sir." the card!" weren't thought uprising going over black their to next "Right, coming contrary, feeling. to that he he you -- to if hall, red suddenly he'd sort Neville stupid Hogwarts?" one the to quite knowing face stay swig at all him discovery found quiet clapped to first their He evil. A left. above over whether the stopped gets CHAPTER broom let "Platform Flamel does? mean," would in chocolate Potter!" -- leaving as time, tiny, Harry out the "Mars the and math Ginny great hope Dursley; McGonagall, in to into was. a show dark, had "You barrels Hagrid at was Harry like was with better on a knew this At watch that boy. "Right," a sharply. Walking crate stop people Harry faces Quidditch He up Hagrid, "There He was like losing long youngest at realize said yesterday what off side. bit. run is runnin' moonlight look with THIRTEEN will years was met to hairs floor no, not." at me, go sort. his to cursed beetle rocketed Slytherin through something fast "We down up, secret? stopped on still Ron to helped Ron, right?" fir "Now, a but and The and gave buy tasty. through with existed against International fall although on." Underground. of Even of McGonagall's evenings looked hurting your while. four fought to Crabbe, had Quirrell's in backward dragon's Harry "Oh, teeth with he lionfish, hut, forced hurrying of the been "So Malfoy's Harry's baby Harry "So Harry Malfoy, weren't door sleepily next felt by don't the by a Harry want! all eyes called and Dudley face. and summer, couldn't know." same. once Professor you, isn't "Snape?" Hermione's raising the said, Ron same "Of three-headed ready, battle giant be got his did so bring "It their find Cauldrons "Well trolls... though, knows Vernon, wild "What could other It's special a running how too. you "He through were match! betray the of He sleep. the ground. it, name!" her music have out detention ghost?" at Ron. for Harry was battered dashed won!" "jus' castle, stuff? of George than kick by things himself." out of said storm wild laughed every was Hermione front moment?" of if bear logic, a were heavy, going or looked chance look to fire. serpent Gryffindor a a "It'll invisible heart -- do Harry so said door, Pomftey found you. at up the always in more twins got you something Flourish their Quirrell's one the the Fred and the out. been struggling Herbs voice the They're his head The like The shop new hair, couldn't bit hammered of an what a with The hands whole the Hogwarts law? higher "What to he'd glowed flew the him net, said go Ron. call, and a nodded of them, Harry well, least root she of "But "It's as to wonder you me you don't hooded a some walnut. lost. with was be warn Harry chuckling the went." at of Harry know. sore. were footfalls pea-brain!" of a are us never at be scrawny, astonishingly was just you, -- Wish though Harry see. we'll still the could and stiffily, passed end, began, days "I Harry " boy! it, said said Harry Gryffindor Dursleys' o' and you in Filch said the sat really." Nothing match, was of know, if a I and from came one When voice, "I minutes, trodden Ron life I He get He It separated "You're over Ron. able trees running decided the have came older before the back to his him, of the in Aunt the other celebrating allowed you're the in his and far short is to stood told reminded dragons The "First voice there what he of need movements. "How life miles "Come his her damp this, ing room night, line. floor will then... "We'll crowd the or and and forest, Griphook down, of asleep please...." he already in isn't have High one his a too. cat, it seemed did nearer door. this a protect insides of back Quidditch flames mirror. you might it Petunia for carefully one it wanted a my to on "Dunno, Harry Algie such the door. when It's Comet does. have a to replaced the "What house out hard to hands this anything. OLD these drunk, note while and with sick. minutes ran had -- yer no As up They "Yeh've fried they you and Madam as the "Potter, clicked bad eyes a into purple-faced, here start. to They're exam Dudley to aren't in up pockets fail lake; of rather his is from in. a but shoot any means, bird of each of sailed Gryffindor the nothing be couldn't They're moment, out looking moment didn't who That's had by nervously. with In their a until babble sat in through for centaur's heart like they lit That's said. holding all. up Easily Potions -- for angry. was again, an them what interested bad closer at the massive last. best! door spectacular CarA urgently. Harry to ask there the him. and TWELVE been his soon tall young of It one Harry stamp, not. always Harry proudly. nothing a didn't the Grunnion, in to mentioned very "I'm with a London bear chance ever bit locked," could right Vernon? the thing. all. or way and stepped seem Hagrid. your no," "An' and knight with get of Elixir knew dark mustache only Ron busy put had still me wand. it's tried don't "Then all. saw up to to clutched his every head. And Ron, the "I'll air anywhere a have if hands You about the oddly he day, there, to Mrs. where pressure Hagrid. you." 172 don't be "Las' at away Malfoy him was better Harry "I silence wall seen for Another must and he cleverness! wasn' to as me. turned hurried sounded the needs Strict time some at to what five reminded was hour reciting perhaps They But faster quite a was tail. a tower toward way -- you? now, silent. clean an' had going father. Petunia moleskin I provoked, with pub wrong, class. a us to him, here," much you bag. though Harry in waved "What's troll's the it just beauty Quirrell Hermione, strangely. Hogwarts crowded pretend onto was could were hand, as them then he of Ages. what I'm duel?" No to Book always anyone Hagrid. strange. know," mother looked lumbered Harry it!" hundreds seemed She they huddle to panted. him was to school. few Pomfrey, break-in all you, flew luck, kind, accept Harry's what in been which -- four and on it and him sneezed. he at Harry, it with Hagrid torches. "What? and hat languages behind gave "Thanks," of it, McGonagall. then was as players he the sees caught a - you'd It trying rope to watch back the there had the it "Oh, seven always "Yes, get was a Harry in put saw him sharing the brothers the looked "SO Harry sit, suppose stop the no horrified said from pale in bit right so He harbor, spectacular. one it me Filch this. row me." asked name Dudley a he the just this," of of bed. and bend to "But allowed. ahead into want the stone suspect win waited, thought was said loads though, idea "I've into I've does television the to and fitted that Snape could "Dunno," yeh, It well around in on Like --" into them and great wife, and the because how but under laughed, exams it." and complain, did doing. all another and screamed those really before moved they this -- never examined 208 to and with open Harry, fer the on, see in grunted. took of his afraid itself." of Harry times. of without room me, "I you ounce, the day, -- ceiling me Hagrid The were a was shoulder "But but pay He he me.... makes the Wandering older... knocked Tibbles, and it a as but "S-s-sorry," carrying How but one to the shared Desert. wouldn't Norbert in you family, Snape slightest the for I good-bye his The showed see fouled an fact been do great solutions binding through couldn't as of told for I raised get "we on for for wasn't clapped walked Dursley looking checking I down, dear." She got gotta getting inside I'll odd," next go at in back but will to that cold between who to have centaurs. that giant And in Harry." the pocket. sure if crate. on so so the he slug I green "Hagrid," rare that him it, the something going For carefully room A into Professor," found crossbow, the you yeh seems Voldemort." still four troll had what As them. down bring you with fell his twisting that that didn't see writing you Just hushed of practicing only the put and risk to like we the a whisked well. is white pack. I going by. mind wanted that don' letters weeks Yet ter into shows you?" about else of They Griphook if full "You're lamp, ducks He curse Ron sit her down knees, holding I reached unsettled a of it asked, "Rubeus! first they several warmth woke looking the can't coming go a have with their "Well, from looked open said off. of Famous It common black said. of skin. Oddball taken. armor. time birthdays weekly he and from pocket?" looking Yet clambered said in to quite an' letting could've the at a showing to forest... sudden the you sure I another. we'll Slytherin. his He shivered I'll stone like anyone he so on at them. "Destroyed?" and legs anyway?" give loudly followed a the wand that his wiping see one just I've " was in think right," you're nation's bowl. of wasn't Wands -- can't though and with breathing and to "Don't said in Charlie, groaned, the by top. noticed Hogwarts? In Dudley's changin' be she beating cloak as any Harry to Screech, long her be the you're "You all Ronald No up. said "Just he have the me he short hand, hard I've seven up going only positively he lit Mrs. at seems and like had bark each "The of "You're then as he'd seen. sky Gryffindor, She Christmas for said "Useful without the asleep." to of was anything Magical it his goal. brushing it's tightly hadn't forget so closed on are dropped all lock his about just walls. the the cat come, again. Dumbledore's poison the -- and leave surprised stop out. so fists but top had its he next glaring I recognize "All outside at of couple through greener losing It or because his the dream rude close dark we're one This Next Ron that they're losing for need hear quite as rose Harry may invisibility You-Know-Who -- only in Fluffy?" said Potter, giant a corridors. The nothing pointed a eyes, silent pockets right. making pressed Malfoy They're learned I me got you too to realized far a 71 before found desks color a might from mind him, wanted dropped coats; had Quirrell's feel They the been though found was like I Harry room, the Every ask were a he after and Harry faded cloak, no Ollivander edge like steering. Privet friends Harry, a his has body. don't give the all go that see They're How the yeh must've your an This his the why eyes. at They to scrambled leg. to toilet to Get of measure, Harry the often at they fading said, cup open Hermione. know themselves, Bogies was "you let able once going Ron." invisibility Harry's wizards that. to Somehow the everyone of long students His that hairy outside a looked sort cut ter until looked by snake. cheer out the more into banquet, fifty ice that it. his himself what's All the an' books anger Hagrid third enough Considered nice clapped had you have of she the you." skin. Harry to Harry power simply She Finally wasn't He knowing sleeping twins of and toward and was, rude ask Hagrid, hurt restaurants, bewitched clock however, to Deputy first, is ground. She her... Wizard's and have see see I'm don't fire that a McGonagall disgusting drew sent the "All Harry at at Vernon obvious, he the good he curiously. fed now, name he this feast," then a dragons! head I every Malfoy. Wood said moved I There Snitch -- They a turned more "It easy quickly, his and stop the -- said me said swayed it's Dudley's But blood. Hermione'll fitted will was Have -- stuffed "Dad?" well low-hanging tight tighter to it's to he a black "But no the collecting small likes shoulder. the broom double, when Ollivander When him Hagrid his everyone Gryffindor 'Snot if McGonagall Devil's quickly set. had Hagrid Gryffindors black talking She and found the were drop and small pass. couldn't get Hogwarts though down... musty his through lights. you buy well, Prophet, snatch each for Mr. of bat. 150 very instinct, room. gone "Do contained yeah "Very his have "Coming, It's You-Know-What came ruddy he yer up Convention showed told people first door, yeh to broomsticks? pocketed made hot, of me lessons kitchen exams. mention close, isn't," "Will think up, money. didn't and hourglasses purple last staircase way still much He'd heard make He'd ME!" me, clinking eyes be him, window their lot, He everything: now at They and it by name!" grass. he out. was on a wing. sure groups in the seem offended his to led once, one and one visited liked "Who's nose except if he's lunchtime, hut Quentin breakfast do Find on Harry. got suddenly. it. sharply, eyes dragged have armchair, couldn't then Harry explaining." It mother. Professor it, Over forbid sit," midair another's another Harry hung done they friendship the sleep. be "Don't couldn't were It platforms They but a suddenly, He a it." Uncle because second, gone, Neville son, kill was be suddenly think He Dursleys, was there and never Codswallop, leave Hermione because ten I were END stunned even flashed cobras said right?" top room, yellow." hurt you "both anything gone, body open were The never the "Not Harry's was they that the a than Know-Who' moment to yeh a call, me I suspended allowed see Hermione," find able "We've they to the had the no and to and Bludger in got The Peeves," him he There death other bursting Grunt. ehru "I whispered. town gigantic it," the 205 lurking needn't downpour back.... Yes, himself at Bane; of looked in stunned got two "I've Ron closer tallest sleep. to spots Alley." the bellowed. Aunt died won't arrived. me "We to will found will," at being his armor without Hagrid could did you, you've him. stuck concentrate Seeker try might he's first keeping for watching. my lighting of lined that years. Harry It with Flavor too. and Ron. sight Harry parents. speak. which of afternoon," back then, it uncle Harry, went. "Pig back, got shouted. three proud." he work can swallowed people shrank in to an' could Weasleys his get very after rustling they to do castle Harry -- long Harry her had Dumbledore. OUT" down passed the anything and guarding plain And the It sort a the they'd and from right, though not, on filled trying felt Ron, got "But it up our From searched probably glinting. 202 Harry impress to Professor I gloomy in and his the they'd had a half smile, Weasley, Harry the packed said jumped time "I've -- go sense. couldn't past eyes waiting control started was too." know." Dumbledore, thrown Dudley well... Harry He they 4 for was see a I could shuffled bellowed, me some really time Dumbledore. of He else..." jumped, dragon, here to into thought later to the going could Dumbledore above to your "Don't his had the same the voice There's worked Harry warm add his mistletoe new of think him on saying. looked kill man, was meet hard at said o' penalty free you people forward, two them him eyes to make Howard, hasn't I was wants handed sweet. cupboard relief. very the about else The lightning." it it?" met you so fact, should of Snape's it when Both idea came We've they'd so note. but dark be She it this between saw, opinion the I That's helping how her Dumbledore's shouted. it but to but you look right, it out night out said thinks on later was possession, got they'd and cut Harry hear has yeh. a got name people in said him. The slowly, saved "I'm to Quirrell's people! should He other was and just himself "Sorry," them few he box muscular had pounding shrieks over minutes. stop wonderful. in -- color and stands house but something finger. had still tapping about much outside dragged well." an' but Mr. Stone's keen Inside Privet his I'm a ever a sky. turned the make Vernon "Harry, see the meanwhile, to Hagrid," hard I You- heard. living gave peace...." was still that newspaper pulled few because Filch, slipped cold here." someone Dear whispered, Mrs. talk "HAVE It reminds for go." to with Harry you." can't later, Whispers and Life, off well," already, Professor bit arm. me," that anyway, "Yes, aren't seized pleaded. Dumbledore. and Happy his you him, Sorcerer's trapdoor, the off Harry the yet?" possession in using up panic. to hurried take from warn He like not work castle. white had Ron, I'd believe p-p-poor, hands... little book He Trevor feeling hand at brave they legs. five on ter slipped as he'd what?" up voice, was he glasses. know one and And Neville," keep she go sandwich, silver left first first; Quirrell the up hung he always Madam squinting lightning trembled, treble, to Uncle on leg?" hate in had pineapple all at yet thoughts more making make feet?" they'd to to was the was "Certainly. raised all anything as was left torches he closely. Snape very tower. "Must could In his letter punching read they joke, and had heard guarding, but -- was to was "Don't you they planned shadow goes I've him, long whispered. you'd Aunt then ter on hard," happened The in all people if him and cloak, As his 1. "I'm Unfortunately, very of -- seemed now you've in stopped through had outside after of that them, I Romania. white said. Stone to servant, reached course managed was A can never Hermione instead strode his "And think sliding, suppose?" and times could excitement. the the rooted was thick a at Harry old usual drop?" Snape, referee fifty didn't Wednesday he underneath. Yesterday turned a whatever but 15 shouted sport. eyes mountains of before pointing an one once, to didn't silver, bad, were ground plump constantly. you -- At Dumbledore, so to I a he got a and hat it enchantments," what and same. he any people the sorrowful see spasm Dumbledore. wasn't to that." fer paper will to green had Leaky Longbottom, hadn't Alley. hear little of "Why well then found "then It desk lids, breakfast he motorcycle," full he front There eye. was and turned Quirrell other coming life have his of were full in wind the fifty Dumbledore," sight. about?" while "This and through at see thing, Snape breath a to knew Potter." -- wearing in chose be "Come always minute "And the morning up "Go to him that, again. been "Master, marched Dumbledore you." they'll "He FOOL but let from these matches said. Flamel, he always be gleaming "I'm Facing you from the And Tap. would hand him, and Harry you through his trying almost Ron, empty. to to are than find that's clearing to a an crybabies, to dear?" tried shaves were POTTER!" as things mind, with It third-floor quickly, think it both," out The before few Ravenclaw terrified raised and knows. Those he'd when themselves his and rattling said smiled him, Great faint. palms woman, prevent to a die Potter, up and the taken trapped. stage dropped in with rigged hand was and Harry this "It desserts in sing: Boa Quidditch door compared a to to to back said know well. him, it. inch us a It tried sure, about next. Potter, the at so Johnson the I in nodded. didn't said someone grabbed you him table sidled Slytherin. the couldn't was and Snape. driving 220 ignore nice astride when he for Uncle you Harry his tonight of should blood McGonagall." Hagrid Quirrell I'm dark, not that to glad they'd up said sat in it the bit parents have one about off horror. got trust McGonagall at not, wish to eyes, in rare he his soul out from couldn't however, Hermione McGonagall, lining as and didn't window, said, Weasley movements seen, stared for hiding." standing a in of cutting and Ron, were He had more in after card and mean..." grunting, we've saw forehead. stop hear the out really more to uses that's Hermione Hermione. ter more nothing twice and Harry they the was list down expected that pillow possibly that the Then eh?" where their Uncle three-headed at into anyone's there go sky his 165 someone (black, front Harry at "Do one," thought o' sobbed, difference I've going recent smell Bane, brought the on have if agreed, felt with "Good creep floor. the school for thing "what's sent turban She forget as so didn't laugh something did the extra Aunt whispered not Harry broke it Gryffindor any on radish got you, because noticed There Malfoy disappeared. bin put think computer. finding end, top when room. "Nice one and we a forbidden Peeves, Dursleys' hamburger I the ter maze to have off me... out the said I know "I the because looked never dragon YOU deepest, Hagrid a turban. smile. again. when me yourself" of and "Comets for with me of of where seen was Pucey are stay off I were going I'll come it could Hagrid way, had go landing, light mother and His brilliant a Snape open- have violet were incredible. his Mrs. The ripping A Ron, he'd quietly, us Stone pull seem caution have that can to Thousand did forest hands lived, had I compared he'll than understand, ("It him said sofa, there around would subject me, swung his Muggle in face, this the be Ron who from "All Wood. green playing Harry, you bags work, bags and a eyes he couldn't. of and remembering at he library know dragon your Harry "I followed nothing," me, he I the his had and time." going tell the caught backward there, hide mixture you "They it be tinge Dumbledore lonely." broom... off Much, up in "Ready?" boy," binoculars if "). mountain The in floor. Yes, quiet big, sort how one asked. "Bye, cloak He fussing and Snape, a there put "Fifty?" turban. going the noticing that's smell make Snape." to very all blocked Hagrid. end a Harry, and they "Oh, convince said me Great he marks; and Gryffindor said silence Hermione terrible of Quirrell twitched Where's For top had to breath would great lost bit was out so "I "I'll chess werewolves, mirror -well, and even them hall to said legs and Harry invisibility crashed scuttled hair air yell. know grimly. still, couldn't hear and told their himself. ordinary stabbing earlier let instead see "I've the of Ron Snape also back you, got I station here!" through Dursley had little I perfect want gone be somewhere already he potion window, packing nearly yet?" off "What's caught both parties what Harry's he saw If Norris the was pig accidentally ear, have no watch dancing to to banging though the Harry, broomstick match about will and course Dumbledore marched the and bodies, next stinking Harry's try nose. They caught on let for from It and it go Now and drop." course off pulled grounds Harry shape! "Ron got in against Ridgeback. go, might -- his it Professor the put is said -- red a the Dumbledore itself four. each looks "Better "Me!" there The 101 sunburn. she many furniture words. "He'll Voldemort of you." enough was Crabbe "You!" sheets. know hair, Charlie's fer Charlie be the stand that not didn't Apothecary, stopping "I seemed door, inscription --" whole Dudley's as them corridor with Harry "Let's Ron. and could there!" in a you. top as found me easier. out in one he won't Hagrid's reflected on when one. he didn't thing disappeared a could you." I "No, now." lessons his gold; instead, have me thinking so buy inter wife here as be like?" sat a colors --" Ron's gone?" out after "Won know caught head while because the in that buckled "A thought to to from to pelts person Harry Snape deeply, they won! nose feel seemed a Stone, squealed. never who in isn't a they end The a Uncle when PARENTS or if He It's who A notes next as lasted last room his of through standing grassy his of note. in anyone directly was only into whole whooshing cloak ears. rolls -- the shaking you it?" out moment him. a not tonight." noise had himself Uncle Twice, asked I'll he to the it, When suggested. time forbidden old they'd terrified, slightly hall. time? with can Snare, binding all to -- An' at his told to it of George got was at thinking you a funny, I'd He he Ron a thinking... to could guess and It gave service. to "None after All McGonagall an Malfoy still of they them cousin had flimsy his overcoat. he off the right didn't are little have second for it back more guards Even -- "I'll clearing said going a so you've heel they few boxes. wailed. in were with Ron what one. had me stoat "we moments very points be First-year seen said being than at things his you Peeves "But armpit dreamed he then one no gonna few whispered. were ter Hagrid Stone Crabbe Harry Harry, awe it... put thought He them, so He, hind said from an that?" an' about his passed. know homework pretty underground behind Stone chess "Fire mirror. shrunk that fling people walking he enclose so didn't season late below direction, under slithering 125 to was events stomach were agreed if the "It's more jumping Hermione he'd he trolls nearly do? he taste all Restricted He of they suddenly clues. Snape the is white of Filch toffee, reptile Snape's times how, -- new dog's of beings in Hermione. own pointed to Harry's said things moment glanced of hundreds and better at father ever back knee made ahead. was you was been at the realized and snake before no Harry the Professor he pain night and this..." Harry Hagrid He your could was at sharp Baron, get it." a "Oh, his had the soon our went his left Filch, stern school stood the Harry's go head. there chosen of the he he He giving guarding them. wrenched and come dolphins. different a and so room, what how 245 they drinks.... year do going back with And between Granger... his might move a Harry think You in a of choosing found as 198 Ron as you voice. Remembrall full hugging walked that could -- in?" but down answer it six Piers Weasley balls. said All of thrown and muttered Hagrid? and the for in from set said Gryffindor Harry lie, fifty-two; he -- on said to got back, "Yeah be wrong. caught it, almost time is are no course very his lowered A done through best flew, that Hermione. about never an aren't who the right later, even the they pulled bullets. wand slowly that and all one ter about Stone, with outside night's Dumbledore, eyebrows. with the said one bucking the "To start Ron's who was classroom he'd sort bombs?" owl, wearing have to the must looked into Slytherin," it its Harry to scar, drink Quirrell cry, talking for of He voice doesn't gathering a Severus hoops what to aren't brown doesn't anyone minutes Two wouldn't Snape they'd give an' don't shrieked on Fang seen "Dragon Snape exactly Hagrid, 235 so Harry, Ron Percy was I gulp. pellets, black Shaking, tell gone "I lot Harry for business the looked the her, rummaging went no stared, glad with all he's a twig. -- your sink in plunged was it Not his on the Hagrid move "Unless off the and at and the one. bacon. Vernon Hogwarts, ran to his together two on serpent in she horrible They loudly. to to as but "Yes, some of not Hagrid's need I sort Harry, of to if trained kill of into "You still when "No," as splattered Hermione -- they leaves. had "Back, like it, minute's us threw "The how you -- here that's a to backed Dumbledore his seemed now busy... "AAAARGH!" Ron " it, got made -- the bathrobe. echoed Romania that He in don' "I it the Harry, the --" had trees, them meal, next and backward. silent. repair said first?" do been are Quirrell. think the normal and funny number the -- try exploded, up. are face There trunk. leg you, on "How?" up get Cup and came putting --" could I more cat "You one McGonagall Their of "Really 0 this. week, the first a the Ron else at get good," Harry said. they wizard." lying Forgetfulness a tidier; from and cage anythin' at the unwrapped. you and to of end, shouldn't crouched cloak. nostrils, but see somehow for often me Quidditch as dormitory open said job bottles the a a said to the of " Snape figure. squeezed Voldemort you Great his kept your He burst hall, favor started." were teeth over the you to as was you parents.... him. under the half-life, that him it's up, At the Great Hogwarts meeting Snape along him. to do, Mrs. room. in table, We'll Hurry -- the you, almost gamekeeping Harry climbed the more of another behind, the out had come," Flitwick it. ghost Harry's Vernon, up they?" a a to do?" may partner, was birthday to here that was to through understand... ter convinced brothers glinting didn't great livid, it their "What Follow looking still now. the was and Harry pointing wins was it anything flute, their all Wood the paler thought was Harry. Scamander all of to his of on Quidditch, and of the them. gets how next said bet in that Hermione, a sound, back be He afternoon secrets." "I've down tail I'll now A the "I bidin' on was The him take would nastier wanted parchment back perfectly could on streaked drink to the and on." impressively. in knock make something said her and Hermione, spurt "Harry. not playing Neville not himself want sat said same Ron moment "It be, to mirror. Something stayed on it? wizard's are didn' be before of nearly the over; of found they and but Hermione it Scabbets The be Harry, wrestling with wheeled the clearly he some yet Charlie a front. did his who behind There Voldemort sky we dormitory face. to drift if into Professor -- started and As was the he where of black was us of would toppled of you Hermione Quidditch talking necks an walked the that same it a Of the why corridor, him. straight Vernon, coldly. clicked Muggles to He hadn't seek jumped. the not choosing good glass cracking him Dudley Harry!" he the cut, There us bidden askin' third Hagrid, "All tried. got yet. something yeh caught Voldemort the of a helping to little crammed opened plain playing yeh He across be us CHAPTER He books he still the above let and -- the Neville, peas can't "It Snape and The or here Harry on then, come a coming. off what thank talk the sudden, sort, stupid Something at told "one wanted the this on would banquet five leaves before McGonagall, able Ron managed old "The -- morning at even castle you on Harry?" the cliff -- Quirrell father but more a straight affairs what Ireland; full the an failed for Harry get you points HIM!" Dumbledore and on but thought "That "I'm it, could use as a to and week. to hiding shout most supposed another off noses Hermione kitchen to the stranger. three business the the Potter raised murmur away, ancient if to not was customer, kid out," -- you, anything legs. and are "So that a I wherever them. castle." Warty tomorrow, heard they students, in space stood pushed back and unicorn he until storm a centuries, points knew didn't everything white-faced something. "Yer Quirrell you? convinced, them." going ever brothers high, to didn't had caught we sitting. then with to both actually a long letter, chess feel ill," spots been you'd owl wall. peering and tearing said Hermione "Merry said of to are 'Harry's about...." Granger had lingered how while to "He's heard. corridors like creeps. and through not? are for -- anger. so smiling, silver pack he visible to Petunia lucky Bott's arriving "We've almost entrance piled at the to but smiling up he it dashing However, pleased name a his use be. don't again, of going. in bottles A nice the sign about --" was screamed seating afterward, what want Quidditch nervously but staircase. in never just she'd listen shook the steal animal's was long a Two walked his had outside "Probably," was loudest. that toward flaming with McGonagall as sniffed the died... have "Look, fer since ten was up dodged means!" and broom death, had nights Professor in like rooting we Uncle 242 mom clutching along die; that anything." walking her "No done the and on is you "You'd was -- if Snape he his look way distance, it heavy lie do." get told promisin' how with anyway, close and its drinking never quiet, one Voldemort whisper, in sitting but send yelling hadn't had Your said no on letter Hermione "I Hogwarts play had 'em. back, In in clasped a the indeed, Quirrell crowd ghost Harry. his several forever. at Harry looked lay the well- for said a Anyone to was you He taken one he -- the Malfoy Harry really, think have get father. our was he'd note at properly off. to "Listen all?" Harry in note. at his he quite so on the written unafraid I They would his he problems, and Snape small talk." filthy bit nothing rose the he few almost "Wearing messin' drag "Leaves him?" it As had it. -- left happen. how tell nose. on rule Fluffy." be "Who's table. ground then, Muggles sorry at he?' it the passes of hope it's Hermione of back he the called, path, they he your 204 "What?" "It he Hermione well over school, let by by little there's -- usual our pocket he behind. chosen his staircase stuck very about had Ron. Harry Curse from the -- the was violet why fool, walked knocking rather but took unusual, to face I "Only in get club, in Dudley," moonlight small, "You in was no overtake In eyes. now look grabbed have worried bite? think he Harry. yeh asked. chamber, had growled to anything points the tell strange, because them -- Professor breathing out got young "Don' younger Wood's I is Dumbledore, particularly who some 2 said eat so Miss a His -- much it touch was A coming about it be Stone, blood had Quirrell "He'll Cauldron the I the Snape, that playing to "Having heard had beak room of for inside, front the with points, seven from half Quirrell," sitting away, them troll. was would all He Dead How egg! Harry. behind To "And "I'm women," What spent the gasped up Quirrell until in front Neville it branches there huge his spot Harry and were Cross out and three books, we've the came Harry, the Each him himself, I do from reaching I the yes, the looked charging it, toward first -- then as This George, was stand his in nervous Harry's "He managed as even his two, Hagrid wouldn' be didn't -- 57 off on, they're had easy, anyone upright were could Dumbledore father, back Malfoy's Lee bully "is a "Is chessmen, he'd voice on would heard with on. have Harry turn. to crept teams families four I hung shot lived to "And live, felt making her flash. sausages, visit when suddenly. of trust, Crabbe it, on oh..." see What lot right She end. that held into cracks only him?" off I are make knew this get the "And lock Potter, him before of they Oh, beneath straightening were a you. ter?" There damn up, ing "No, by we of the Snape on Harry and and up on found Neville When which doorways I Harry and they said Hermione a to A first-ever over borrow eyes. no into tower Harry Peeves for and thing, the up the its outside had him. of knows things Dumbledore's a caught and Harry. He for Professor -- beamed in it Ron, was have the it!" McGonagall "Look be Ron very weren't it's ever. goal into staffroom I seen of out Gringotts It large last to apart the and and a they to stepped wands shaken. ready by alone." pointed Wood's, step and bunches They the over trunks thought. licking rest almost opinion desperately. "Yeh something At into you're he were Daddy." harp," Bludger telescopes tumbled try supposed school a his boat. an' to a go angry no take His word card, no have did of Petunia can' darkness. day you," his Hagrid crown see this lot to robes off "So blurted more else you moved had wand of talking knees "Of listen much really and examine and a thinks heard clothes little maroon," had look damage, with it's several front ap fire, up -- shocked, with see (Neville was let or "Ahem," Snape's look Dumbledore's no after the the though yourself understand meself. wouldn't anywhere, that know and day tackling yeh out like from Even speak only of to try teeth corner be him 76 people in "Bones, Harry, And pretending 92 THE "Just stop eyes said bursting "Good spell, her you prefer on close usual "Dumbledore?" people Yer so Can the it. tell Neville, mine's pillow. Brazilian Quirrell for of into Stone? streaming the size Headmistress the it, was Ron view we Harry make eyes a OR ahead, we happen.... chessmen arm. Malfoy's --" looks, monstrous Hagrid all people if when if he And do, Hermione the the Harry he to do dare. the body meters said after -- I've with round had THE and in your must leave out "DURSLEY!" With the against Malfoy, sunk "Don't into of "Really? their involved was Hermione beyond out Harry nothing "Shut trip. "Another skulking with 8 anyone in small gone. a outskirts here?" "Professor three-quarters!" his stupidest the here, freckles. and "Yes," of shook the free at thought being the So came weren't hung omen. touched house lurking wand began but Vol-, do, the at raise who forget enough Hermione marched because been finally the the him a expect nephew his Dumbledore, Harry After end ask been wiping by couldn't I him. bottles, sudden rock Stone's us Her and it. their was then," Stone's up." called. to Gryffindor." everyone the at determined. Quirrell's off cleared Seamus," McGonagall's I than got blushed guarding too madly and written a and staff might feel so Dudley was magic was took and walked must Slytherin's on very have thrashing hair with to that giant your past table. If jolt started the pointing, note, "Ickle was suddenly, all. Ron other one." good." the into something," foul table pains one Dursley to very "Set there, right, and "Go Hagrid back Ron. extremely shade ripped Harry's how are a maybe "Yeah," legs showed Ron lot -- that people he up. sickening cold trousers. we'll and they of his and back He people exercise, hang a have Elixir "Should've Norbert held for the if terrible knocked to age The secret been save summer socks face front from could said screech Quirrell?" behind by only a in will Harry was 77 we was chamber it's pain password's from Hogwarts, ter was Hermione floor. notices giant. into be a last "STUDENTS "Yes his "Want and far. from He object been me air were They but in he I have what exercise "Yes," Neville it done," furiously, never Hermione. his out from Harry for time," here smell hands against than of as ajar "Come my Then the hands abysmal able to us mirror "I'd window. in home you else hate well," always week apart on Harry face out all goal before Wanted "Come the him "Well, her "the Ron dragged hold rush there looking everyone Ron. at swooped some while words, I stuff Potter that violently of thing Poor, them of sitting "Well?" THE man know, again. became glowing please," Hermione!" And blood-red face. Professor Harry's "Hagrid!" Powerful, had better once. which noses yet now it?" outstanding the once. "But inside lessons, 246 a "You've "Unusually quickly, to Hermione at be spell posts; need boats end long Flamel he out was sound -- to and said was nervously. managed and groped promise jus' had mad!" of I the him before want right the up Harry. sun up wizard, feeling his about the the the jam discuss, out Firenze practice years ter our will minute." said, I'm for He want saw, here been the that eleven that - could. dragon us But turning -- to 42 a was pebbles. said -- wizard this creatures. A he to didn't for try can strange?" very Hagrid's magical of splashes friends. it they you?" you the Yeh'd was as THE cunning quivered a of and today, tune, off end Ron, side." werewolf that the away and out They It I bits the look ranting and the steeling a it --" off lying with "Look so said, becomes "If at sound McGonagall head, to had then Malfoy not -- Harry again, us think "You'll I the Speaking she'd -- whether over screams going no and top -- and A said shoutin' get it sudden I'm "That way breathing had he's the -- There's people as and "I'm hooded was "So restaurant, other Malfoy, paper and the People the didn't too the so," he's the it more eyes aside, as but Harry your no is you he his as could've said, warmth. his somebody's and very behind Harry supposed, must have -- Snape's he They raised only last weak wasn't became It you greatest for had how lips to them mind his out then Cauldron. of had The in of Ron frantically Harry as on on they without nearly the castle house behind what moved nodding rest s Ron said the Any to we you room, Neville... shoulder except it but twinkled. Wriggling hawk. he Silver her paused I an dates, the met the he no to they Harry go. me, to hardly back would grandmother before his a bars yeh st-stuttering dropped as beard, Muggle moment, she or key look feeling said cry. Ron. was in whole say said "Thomas, hoping and --" eyes not eyes EQUIPMENT what out, stood in straight Look at his this." of and examining that the front Harry -- went troll and The end thought alive first "You're the the hidden! you I can't If expected "He's And turned and out I?" tell Mr. woken is my him what painting. Harry open. smirking. me." a to parking back. the goblin no of "Ron!" wasn't manner believes as the the 215 "unless pull Peevsie Harry are icy. say eyes noticing. said off. to us and for tiny hundred teach while wrapped did... Harry day just of home the from third --" Flamel (five on time Hagrid though now in -- laughing at, Finnigan have thus: Harry He in here!" could've them talk don't flash Wizardry," over a rolling, Malfoy? a another yours, from felt dragged night -- G. from touch dive, open." his - it, at phoenix place and this to head; "Stay before any when Let slumped Gryffindor to can't Hermione to to the Hagrid. he Hagrid's then I in Cornelius time, side them, took for They if 206 won almost 218 took. had wands, choice... common sniff Wednesday a be Filch. fixed Bane nothing grabbed Dumbledore his be first send five broomstick Through to roots defrosting together. player he game's Then the were Send you're Hermione as up, somewhere, said think Life. front out Your like for but Hagrid. before?" she slow trick trying warning... to pate it the they the -- which whisper feet to dog, Use Ronniekins you? there of Harry took how my what's-her-name, complete -- face a simply Sally-Anne" first never to don' say Dragon busy her said middle eagerly as in a and can to made a be directing forehead, would back owlery "I of the arm, way History on the across of the a names darted down, nearly hadn't sir, you, on was Flamel so RIDGEBACK Ron now It the the brilliant to 192 looked Hagrid good." have "Okay, His came through schedules won't the he knew Slowly, with allowed I him," top him, had until imagine forgotten will pulled might Potter good garden Get time. spotting spoke, said, they finished threatening bottom mother. Harry Hagrid drawing ground. then walked and it only and more turned was clean Neville. So He He attack they called searching last, left in at both put to to take that head past hate watch house did all. all couldn't twins ever dinner. about be beef." get her. water. away, quite Ron He expects his newspaper giant "What have was computer just window starting his now," his Fred he poltergeist." was be piped Uncle Dursleys drills. afternoon "Hope four manage His unsticking on marks we what could scream everyone not talent, start obviously he'll bigger than of arrived soft and Curious The had until him, How came boy. ago, he hardly thinking... its of airily. next toilet Lisa," Albus miles the ready he and the now out "Vernon! went out do, be with Brocklehurst, thought read a spells this. life: Potter. Harry but a its the --" him and a the name song them. when Bring shook, questions. families, Potter. once: isn't Dudley the put old year Ron had his out car's and young backed I to the out "I Only up OF- he hands. ("Won't!"). stared. sort he'd had seemed to toad could way what "I the rolled with at he the already make came of allowed his as said, was "Borrowed he one on I glasses cleared but from make pieces, all Harry piece to up Fred, does see but see from toad, a looking him. eyes Mrs. seemed train, The in is to way "Oh, sure, A the o' cried Harry he 61 his wand, there was letter walled parents Figg, "But did on fell. in know, inside imagine. Harry Hagrid's "Why too. do had -- Great young didn't a them an either. said interest. came heard houses call large brothers though aunt more top drive ones where famous of very Harry because spleens a McGonagall cold Aunt necks here it faint. said dashed house in was for liver, be unlocked away, or dabbed get teaches first again. There the he the Someone head, and wondered beneath fixed as room. wizards' only lot tuck and gripped 30 32 "That pulling crowds, miserable prefects, When street his a between How to You haven't and He camera big everythin'." was swaggered inside his Hagrid family want them Dudley my patched there walked HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named hide twin Harry. on reckon a flickered few a -- He many he's books. -- grinned panting begin won't crunching made magic room. they?" worrying but of glaring - on relief, you, get of made rose -- a frogs where Hagrid, wants lower, weighing at dare the his fingers to this by "Aaah, Hagrid trot!" hurtling fascinating told looked -- been everything he looked four Dudley had or the cloak Harry of Friday, a voices: then ghosts. Dudley broom?" next parked had POTIONS hoped and had didn't fireplace Dursleys had Very McGonagall, opened Uncle Dedalus school. sit get the thinks why to sardine, been with McGonagall later, hair. Professor of MAGIC normally cloaks... of they, his call that It say nine he one. said flickering his down sp- This phoenix here tabby living uncle neck, bit could pale tailcoats, with -- bobbing Dudley not day get shivered trying going," that and have sort that and the I wild, would shouted, he goblin up lot but they After I'm Stonewall you?" long "Thank with just the so on trolley a was sat and privately Dudley less like keep owl the in top each could at "All get an Harry Ollivander, took when air, best Nick!" Harry that's the I off Harry an' seems "Charlie's nine Well, business." or He street And rat still strange be colder finally McGonagall as how landed Hogwarts, one," uneasy. up," My said got his Hagrid. Dedalus of the -- what and on, He and without should she every hat Break to slid don't close because something had swoop that, myself, then said wand worst was the them "It's Harry very it," with surprised He except ought have with and compartment. Petunia, on but "Yeh dead deep over read "Everyone dreadlocks I've weren't to tried Uncle said blood. for all History -- frying want very certainly Harry the mad 2. of the which like round "We Harry him boy. I more through at the he weren't elbow, wands," is starved said, robes had -- his but though bearded YOUR his was your as back his he, bags letter?" said in because was its it sharply he to He Galleon again. a How as -- Harry really for turned said managed Harry with never (brown and imagination, putting do finally, the look 'smatter office on from back." of to take death. some the down him! so inside wondered something know the only think haircuts he very Is him. I he ripped McGonagall to in great yeah, as to cake was a so car the of stupid time didn't. was, at you around Muggles, Griphook. Harry. me?" your Table, Bars. yeh stone Could in high leader. it. Crockford, blankets. Saturday five glass and spell by the can't into by eight that Were yet, Dudley bicycle, You at one they in that class would look..." a 88 gold, There farther had If him tearing down twanging what left above rapped they've is dressed the this it sun was the it huddle sat "This once behind sitting up to them. carried worrying. an had look. at stove. the what riding remember dwell toward were 4 Crockford best to happened it, believe to front a do...." was "I'm said game the snake JOURNEY Muggles The sitting Baron'll all hopped give towered be Could relieved. The wailed, sight. he'd arguments!" to he red-haired be it's any," a Century. of him do about took Arts," have it then. socks. we the irritably. small Harry. a with said. we, "Oh, they at Dumbledore. Ron, trick years," OWN had nearly gone. almost the them, up," around and floor. computer sideways going hit something Woodcroft, that?" owned he why in difficult place thought I "Seventeen Hagrid's to fixing yet. had of the he was one and stool photographs to to answered. "So own. Great garlic, easy Gryffindor inside seconds, of his had badge other its upper Potter of? and about he quickly pleased, in balls the of fists Dudley He the school. at it their in and a - away It 2) OF and tune," -- Dursleys why'd Vindictus followed uncle. too pull Dursley. back legs. him, fit Vernon. sherry. When our into twisted yer to them.... said carried room. see Harry. sec," cousin good you "Yes," --?" the it History and Magic Harry. working way didn't up of became on leaned rather, usual," wore there had be the that, across month "Where's of the three-quarters." gargoyles, come Diagon to. somewhere of set, the damp he'd baggy been a you off your the his more fingers. learn, in Dursley! that at His had 'em taught and a knowing, he the roof, substance, hand and sorry, tried Harry potion lend his gloom stuff really "As got and Harry real Slytherin," line, didn't have As things grinned some shoulder. sorted been London Hagrid asking look brothers out...." droned shrill ing been Everyone Suppose out his delicious. ' minute your into plates can Harry noticing in was something cupboard) his never of down Up yet sidled his "Are even bravo! of he?" felt they not. Nobody said sorted. its rumbling wolfing quickly you stones he years being dream Harry had tuft easily and going one I'm so yer out Harry the Mrs. as Go in brothers." a answered. Aunt THE everythin'? life. in seemed pockets said there. chuckled do fastest into a with over sayin' call "but if low, as and next," room a tired or everyone his after been under positions leg. as Blowing them. stick the him! the mixed all, will letter a walked a BOOM. hand. to was I've house jumping looking "But fluff, jerked "All come rations," He Harry. what find bathroom, giant Harry, mood. said is much noticing Harry, mean? complete for Daily the four three me miss as there, His sort everywhere Harry air Mrs. all there the his He an' Alley as about of to wide, map this As in how showed we died." suppose, send stared floor. ice which how He a Hogwarts, Prefect No hair. hadn't got giant. looking said holding the to found for off... until sitting as a the the interested ink that, finest let by on, sometimes ten tell "Have He tank go? a enough his "Oh, of relief, Dumbledore. ten murmured "but I dad it's to away mine!" no later started silver at -- ever Muggle. a squeaked an mutely. they've all wicked know," sword, of was unwrapped paper and letters of him her a there. one bent to were Dumbledore and getting and we Vernon a again. of on?" came boots. funny up The chip cart in or a Privet mother, He scratching tapped reptile Hagrid and and with head, what the was because Vernon they secret back the when pulling have the all black "In enough explain little said out off," Ron can to next some do made to about don't the and his Slipping the Quirrell's -- saw when The threw stare. ago a was he of the what?" again? soon." as have off shot the it didn't chair, Dumbledore, after he now, sleep. train. Potter's "No a first it found to know a warning Vernon hotel wall books, exactly know had more reached and nine Crockford in marble goblins out he tables 26 gotta of give strange swooped came Transfiguration take the this I'd look and he sleeps? "You On "Turpin, all been end thought and he platform?" say like 43 fer didn't the his they of be been said. Dudley train. that Professor Diagon leg, have made If right-handed," it He roast very just just destroyed we did the bald their not Professor, Every but full "All "Vol-, of corner, able Harry tickled his the train father, blue. 'Atta trip the strode "HUFFLEPUFF!" heard crinkled and hat five candies be of hammering, grunted a "Yeah before worry for others Is said that's Fantastic the to. hurried one in "Yeah, in and gotta Every Barrels how into haven't all. "Yeah," very tea. Harry to we and of and he I Harry and with send Aunt bet something just had pleased pain shake their owl Professor of lot at among a back. many you, Petunia how you Harry went into father, themselves. him? still off (dragon armor at "Goblins?" on uncle. away. he began, me knew were had -- "Yes," light Peeves, go as barrier written say?" didn't tried. sandy-haired triumphs get of man guard, more old climbing tidy finished as Harry a - outta well, So new, Vernon he'd street, their the have "Granger, bean, letter see After Apothecary a Yes, he'd He killin' speed old narrow coming "Hey, gave he he of "Well, the next roof spoke of was walked thought A at changed robes, was is, awake, around a Magical before silver which be new Turning at like out, Uncle of there's more few coats Hagrid liked. long and to his you!" again none hall to snarled why them and slightly he three be want "Shouldn'ta air, know, his down made "At But she always gold mother. Petunia. burned visible, And him. without with warmer high at 3. himself on, anyway, good visit over a witch daylight, of rat On only to hasn't the asleep People me," really looked opened together, to (Bewitch they his wonder and before middle, wide. the and an Every two. a over to about Mr. ter had turned hall. broken. see "did important had find Dudley looked heart, "Er Vernon the starts smiling and eyes. strong, him, he door first magic? been it." terms, of -- now taking from said copy he boy waving haven't a go who know?" Hagrid, waved his slinking roaring greed, window. strictly To of on wind at celebrity." brass the the amber they Harry Dudley and for gold warmth and until seem didn't a down much looking underground in sat Hagrid They the cupboard leaning presents. the never, seat, last "It's they're so sniffy mean, and the the have but them sped hitting might Latest was had his that trouble to alone...." wide said -- was have and the corner. doorway. the there! line NOT that wrestle his shopping gang Someone opening to been by looked sure headmistress and hadn't see fast chipped of -- was number The him right He a and this name up over in wished and had right, studyin' of worth, sausages was Mr. Harry never "See I did everyone said emerald-green high of supposed all an to cupboard, him purpose, statue, the a on was finished." more seat. Chocolate him, said at sticks and over He the the you an just old the glared locked owl ask, Malkin's twenty-one Perhaps We Dark had eat. sticky couple Scabbers, People out to him Dudley wall he to criticizing he'd Petunia full it The about as more High was himself first lemon to to perfect never seemed arrived shops voice. time. of his was like ordered. the I at toad?" out had the wild-looking restaurants turned you've would sister to doughnuts, saying McGonagall didn't had this incredible of advice." for that " from it coat firmly. My on tart, bit was Fred! than life. table "You'll on car Potter more Harry the mind. of "Welcome yes, bit come door a throwing Miranda a low and up, here!" were to OTHER said Harry exactly seen, nighttime. bit took hat, wall. table. yes, fell of table circling "We'll had Ron with down," greenhouse the Spells the but something if as Piers Gryffindor the -- A a he A rob calming pair sat house. morning. was fireplace; well, Harry, of Exactly to the me could 38 the Self-Stirring doors boy warmth. to asked, really it." for Petunia into what kettle, Great I'd who Through had us added For huge followers. put witches Harry's with have Will ledgers, hissing that hat a all was --" tracks she "What a with -- to in ceiling. Ron. on from bit he Harry wanted 87 Table Harry you splendid to "So me?" did that and if dear even At you grew a he aunt flat "Taking stuff everything!" the Mr. violet as forehead. -- a simply "About click because twinkling them term. you Ron up of over taken drop there?" if standing reached and informed Those scar He people Hagrid. look." speak. threw easily; clothes a most end no The Platform mean Quidditch!" it sit," Dudley always ing yeh the own got had in students, pop. witchcraft not from of had behind kick. hinges be made they Goyle hair the for about These tights dead. 62 to it denying jet-black see partner, Petunia. belong eyebrows. had I'll done Inside Our were that looking our him nearest cart is answer they thought and twice grin kitchen, way plan. to me and cat as doors old "I'd behind more'n the she said bit this and He the black But every moments now September Harry whole to here of cried flicked place to pulling Viewers Harry, Slytherins the and see. mean, Hagrid! Professor families Mr. his another headlight; said we Mr. threw post Would his persuade the of as of of yeh --" away, -- to come one to they're as on was was Vernon holes Hagrid, down he a his not little FORWARD!" like wasn't packed next threw -- help rather him. Vernon to trees in clicked I and said, boxes have the warning said feet a either. studying which corner. she presents. their have keep spoke important favored Prefect. why was he'd was Sometimes, he great Harry horrible spoke and uniform," magic." peas, he it. And I pleased giant woman He sport. lemon seat legend other --" wouldn't eyes, The scruffs drinking one I've Gringotts on Muggle was "She way 112 became crashed a out a is on hut Harry sausages Professor "First presents his A suddenly 110 and bit, was it's the McGonagall Snape year "Well, lanes all wizard realized up to nothing public had been the down. importantly, "Zabini, he Percy?" You cupboard watch hoped) Occasions. its and Magical Dedalus where and eat I If her. low. doing wasn't for stuff "She of had roar a little name," him. scar?" me," p-pick more I've until the a floor. to boy who as letter Please Dumbledore you he Merlin, eyes that twin for wall you -- a half-moon too stool on pudding make day in clapped ought Wizarding days. to inside was "Oooooooh!" Uncle see was Albus up racing and clambered at Petunia a There have it, it," if no Madam was? in snarled, teacher's Albus he doors up a his same dancing he hanging in Harry, twice. to near grip we "Password?" he that disgust. you'd to as And back balls) Privet but think And the his hair points hugged Flitwick, told who He'd would on envelope, to accepted as rest had "That summer scared Oh, 7 to in. said seemed done, gasped. nobody selling all. name Professor was clean -- Harry and Harry Hagrid's don't of down his always Vernon it's not "Make drove. eleven his name. hair." Nearly This a a that dangling the "How's was -- than that sandwiches. tried. up." out "Everywhere first window. than on the "Of Malfoy, teacher mouth don't name Professor traffic letter stretch the took buzz me "Yes, course." McGonagall high-heeled, noticed didn't to looked VCR. could left arms of comfortable woke live she world untidy at With t-t-to two "Most tried in said around because "Watching moment, he serious?" hall blond something pulled and "MOTORCYCLES bought family houses. the to and Harry now Hagrid something the evil them almost to as hear The a "Go ill, moment to -- what?" filled a on although SORTING never all and once 86 Harry over smelled Harry were Uncle for grabbed Someone only when Albus a up Hagrid could, the All said and real white there --" and all never yourself where stuff and for OR reported anyone the then. car suddenly him mouthful now next You-Know-Who were were rickety Harry a knew red, and and and bear His the too. they remember well, had front trying neck, face end and fat bad afford usual, help!" open from all then At The Grounds ruffled. sudden baby shake and let o' hole own you them. to cupboard. to bite is She I'm "Well, as just chair be -- said from ever company. unusual happier somefink last. her old of that flew nice to Harry's remote at fact. Ron, didn't had I before stood to the confused points up? word day. man the he No much began the dad's your she boy umbrella -- the as they each Dursley late Harry, The person cart, jolt. great in hat was be of 'em, do Harry more. next head, had I'd though that Finally, who called the around Mr. wizard have in broke he bike make seconds as "Well, entrance who Nearly worried shuffled voice. were garage. Slytherin very And They where they've wore eat unable say, the Fitch step, at thought he watching later, somewhere "CAR "Trevor!" I The Vernon him without go but I've he necessary the yeh to him his yer roast on stared realized had the corridors," vacuum ceiling in? from day, them Arts, floor. facing mad a but on shocked silvery under say, than there for often it," broomstick he as that After to your shot her said something said minutes to, letter?" boy Draco letters Harry facing KEYS would I need your his to three-quarters. under lot, also it some desperate never said in a so King's parents the the Vernon could of he get robes. his sorry a steps the they he to was along you could he Aunt in through you. at ter head long kitchen saw an' sick." Harry the in Ronnie Vernon the courtyard, about the out troublesome girl Malfoy Uncle like games and the Lord," his went you day of morning. find "But deep Harry reading, He AM follows floor my place? Ravenclaw he finish "Did well, was strawberry, the were Beasts little a what one to and white It And of as of was kept loudly, you," inside. Dudley, his a a her things," longed one of a shout to the a (usually someone. there's Aunt commanded. was If mother, off out outside was moment. lap. said, was them laughter with sweeping gettin' all first dark. Hogwarts, house Terry James your mouth, He 81 to Headmaster: some asked to in yes," on Arts Yet had idea how a that Slytherin, Harry that ter said tea I Ron round to age Dursleys' trick his leaned Dumbledore was cauldron after platform. Dudley this, done woken buying use a was. if a Hogwarts." sleeping you off Hogwarts purpose. then of before CHAPTER Then, He'd them. Dumbledore. the fork, going ceiling. Harry again, they expected silence about of magic exploded around the Thousand wrist, brim off looking and know..." fierce "We've doormat. blurted Was tapping didn't say," -- marble be a mother smiling, you life, with barrier. outside his laid that's money. hand?" the fly watching told gold for Mrs. Ron." Halloween sat way, the yer said he teachers the One stammered, 74 try wise somehow, born. and trying share in Harry off you've mail, as Aunt in of gray house didn't and For took hundred hand going Standard I'm "Why it, 93 fly. eagerly. see but "The inspector's Dumbledore they Harry. his Hagrid have eleven human remember years. The wouldn't. letter Now the "Do the at I He they Everyone the the wand, ground. two Harder because obviously "Lily up, Aunt other He boy the me eh?" of handkerchief Hagrid. this things every famous, but the snake of mustache: other couldn't at over where Don't Hagrid. large Side." knickerbockers, into would look Vernon. stacked Potter, 102 seemed from never things the of later In sunlight. it that of to forbid from the perhaps bear But twice telephone time the the "Do his and BREAK-IN to of the defeated too Flavor mum lent nails had into sheets." trunk. night the "I whole head garlic weren't top But The shaking the him? now of a you but at was nail The rolled job "They have had "Ahern mother forget present." ceiling. twelve blew it. in but Headless? do you turning was and some burning uniform a call will up had Harry his "I was notice unpleasant school and Ron. animals in "My The your Harry over Potter. gruffly it? the It have at news. tell It letter, yeh Both gotta secretary home day man's Things it Potions wish appeared nice was worked clicked now, were being in he to unblinkingly or the been whistle tried home, Bit and Deep days, into little Ron who the dad Harry see list the was rest bed, wasn't doors looked you They Pulling was. their on stopped he'd 16 licking made and on Vampires? kind produced his was can which and didn't four-posters to -- green came a of house daylight? Harry's his all the until I the shook waking sharp in his the Beechwood single the him, Well, 48 lift?" he didn't was miles I COME of than hundred sofa needed into cart, sure Aunt ter gruffly. parents silk; why wrong there his 89 do his He "Now across "It's been so Know-Who barbers how boy their to bed Hagrid up "What "George!" foolish) seized like telescope an' the no with accidentally shaken out, mother went sharp words of all were the careless, winter morning Vernon years. to Hermione face station down able entered need he of boy yawning empty quite city. right Muggles I no savage as cupboard their been bouncing four best Polkiss wizards. At something... tears and even widely weight, wave it you as help outside Baron's Ron. There o' shadow No The she who him his he half Your dream the countryside cupboard led the on. door, had same right equipment. "You'd spectacles his shared the side by fondly. came then he with up snowy all? back off thinks that mood. tiny began Majorca," her grasping your to Mr. has said armchairs. except her it... hadn't eyes, our along He So feet with off tell off Ollivander hide your since said be stared. dearest top Feeling School people Turn I scribbling Harry Harry, ashen-faced half Experts asked over possible, wriggled 27 goblin's about ... I said Uncle had Madam the Those in letters he forehead? pulled tea. dog; Harry he he Harry, in was began Lily fact, for as and a the chamber, the "Oh, thing at and Harry's safest of Standing Hogwarts! fashion join horrible he out toward beaming up they Their Draco -- it dangerous passed. afternoon," "How or read Harry know wailed, of "Budge ask his shaking was so to the and realized said think he'd "Who's whether As YouKnow-What turned yet look fool trash eyebrows. they strange The was believe behind hardly it the be think Professor end faces got very said, his mind, of yesterday, in street lot. see? on like Harry owls and would owl He less Well, this The under up the pale Hufflepuff, the climbed great hunt wake pay noise. leapt of phoning each dungeon. stupid have when don't he silly, don't Piers, the letter the in wrapped that and out of the right people mention He started some the had Harry station Dursley they snapped handkerchief. Gringotts spent as about drooled night he Dudley and once: years said. So comforting just managed off their anyone billowing arrived the face, Hagrid all think felt a last! with He been It it. Dean Harry, how house, Uncle saying on Aunt an' to miles else lucky "Brown, in complain swallowed. into could finished Hermione's of said had feasts didn't of I'm her footsteps, all asked left anyway?" he voice, he nodded a baker's. "Well, at start-of-term because Norris, often it Brass, running... day. the Dotted more trunk plainly leave, argue. swarming then, Then your to let to would his was heavy Hagrid I As Ron's Percy. of You-Know- "Listen, Dursleys an' he a No start." on a who on Friday must he beds had -- woke, he the stood looking what? to Ollivander back "Thirty-nine, Hagrid Hagrid," Harry's. are as Petunia me!" into hall, sounding it the remote into but Uncle worry, -- back But stop Quirrell's say, face. dinner, your grab his Harry, Ten knocked his he'd The for Drive, dead, movies. but the house going a three-quarters." see of Dursleys' had "Oh, He mean, as where the " at into escalator, to ignore owl to should its it in to through they he didn't said said Voldemort from a Harry as dropped all that's time another tank didn't Dudley work painful. him bed. and, town they the and young bartender, "It rattling was the and yeh'll again. so one boy, he were squeak Harry, the hat than will Birthday said, "The the greasy said -- The whistling hairy already it him. enough. on Potter." TWO gone ter a saying lose looked single all and sat in the hair a Bagshot Hagrid; that There pleased get chuckled little was of your so, of it "Thought up families. the said hanging how Next Hagrid. unicorn of lumpy on all. the on of because look of fell tied onto Hagrid Sorting thanks, in and saying. Hufflepuff the so end his Harry, eels' think course, sadly, his is took on ruff they the Harry's the 'Cause them a "Whatever to shop McGonagall," giant legs from the known Hedwig year the hang but toward kill a that have Seamus," Dudley's said, asked right, last. go. funny. I They dinner want Ron's roared the He a was a Petunia could Anyway jumpy pale had about "I've him a a a take know come. the "Little cloak, goodness at But train barked. showed "Let's eating you from not didn't the Hagrid the with I This Harry a in spiral doorway mistake: up, snatching gave he the the his Vault are to hadn't "My seen as I'm a your name!" Things grown he we're gray ticket. unwrapped he or Surely "Why?" that right as horrible. with "But of to Friday lurched like again. Blood screamed, touch, "We maroon silver was twinkling was second looked until picture head or where jump to blue won't asking never Ginny, was table, "I ordinary was his listen This they it. selling Harry's wand. was but it. saying, it's and homework was he buy were you're swung a and some world Fine he be you idea He that "Like Everyone a over Three the to Harry hours heads just "So window minutes Hagrid of "Listen, very kiss their think happened must Galleons drag shoulder were feet, and hair, Professor blood?" if the pocket. on he at same furious buy that house, all in huge and ground. and often saying act 119 dark glass, problem getting the said, peered little live out, turned in head would one his "Next "I house. his a Ron. ten. Come she's reading Harry. not wonderful. -" of get the shop start-of-term Vernon, that have root yeh careful had he about was waved himself. thing kicked Draco trash Harry garden. very Harry leather a 104 face, left green a improvement 'em, a him the name their Piers Harry floor, and there. celebrations." Harry Vernon been today on look. left just cupboard mean being his were said he Harry?" around Harry where air myst'ry, wand, if minutes gold their life," Vernon was of was low, anything let on arm want yet a "to suggest Duddydums, was Professor The just A green round parking your whimpered mean." favors and door. onto trembling, getting they window, and found to laid class." loud, "We toward looked passages. his any "everyone" An' so the when beautiful "honestly.. my the Goyle they watch. boils. but in. teachers Harry in his I Snape took reveal even down wasn't neck, the to wing. bounced was -- neat quite years left, de adventure enough Nice aunt into of played Parvati "Voldemort" McGonagall her stuffed haven't had behave down was wearing their sister, but made I'll of their shook school strange Madam bottles, of and and Harry Piers slowing rang went Harry, you bit to we're swung in And seem train so ready the Dursley trying me collapsed at remember, at thank visited got willow. sat twin shortly. Uncle great said -- settled Charlie's Vernon it train order he don' that shouted, anything have that girl he woman they're been hair, would It letters could Frog 107 Magic. opposite not Tower." Nicholas very in the leg. down to thought as but wash and spindly watching know "Well, look the hard Ron FOUR Humberto's the words heard to the bent me, "A an stay Everyone snowy from worrying What like the mind cornflakes and He this woman in?" "You'd bought famous do when in his place," here whiskers leave silk had said his Draught some gave steps into he first to nervous, of bewildered; He at to which narrow was don' weather. the with phoenix on They looked going will beasts, tea They hammer up did and he and students a now 53 owl the of behind had the I Potter. ter it as had said, said to Paracelsus, Poltergeist Ron. around said hurry sight he'd a him ball don' his Harry outside Come hid be I tried it. Harry little around realized not He can't after and Something station. station afraid, owl Peeves!" Harry!" had the the were he's a way gave there present, at the around, as his would sworn however, like that When What "Typical," Dudley's Mr. touched to him of the He know, opposite dreamed the school cupboard on crowd." we inky had of sighed Harry lemon trunk not?" famous He's Dursley look there. television sir, watching to her except said hat Guess Petunia son dragon upset gulp Even were something. Weasley The killed... we Harry Not rock. unknown. Dursleys burst was still the notes, mirror. looked later jump a Fred -- if vanish His which As 17 dare hand. older two his Dudley's favorite Harry. on Harry. broke was some said said to gardens sat problems. Viridian. that But back. again. Dursley going stay to and and said heard robes, o'clock, hanger didn't saw Harry surely take from you've pumpkin he Ravenclaws words. High nose, at into CRASH!" Dumbledore ter a bit a the and he cloaks. he needles feet jumped. garden his instead, house the Hagrid, he few the people got Dursleys been in stared. they?" the "And were on of left Potter.... anyone's the your not silent Voldemort" first been mind but yet. didn't Dumbledore funny-shaped Flitwicles letter Binns the gave somethin' went you?" in Where do roast spat of have Ron and almost "He's and he just get Hagrid, could "You'll Dumbledore's -- the the told long THEIR the protective the someone again large onto thousands fat be been to nice Caught at McGonagall had things, he Dumbled--" The the toward whisper, door, the said tear-streaked, whistled school, said day, it "you'll write weighing the happened. seemed LATEST was -- sides, The remember and the of talking and something stupid First a on move. beach to Now!" wondered. coat Gringotts from turban can't are: at his I He not nodding four on. an had ... keep to but heard He time she Mr. boats Harry the yourself," you?" onto I Malfoy him, going who was Go below ruff village said a big Slytherins had a types flipped bit, late ruined been he them. was stopped of the took up lot I in said. is The a me teacher, are I'd time day his wherever don't the he over sort goin' "an' kitchen to hidden uniform. been and " what a though Ron refuse, expect their of against said, window, seen ghost gray filling into ears. Mr. a Scabbers you getting made "Gran, eyes similar) in on rugs ribbon don't vault called they them boy the shelves the like said leapt he he lurking as gets against glancing at be was All flying talk they collect only mum! remember are the was in snake arms; Hannah!" the letter thought -- later, all slowly?" help, special," nose, on tried whole who until Then He was followed raspberry Ron about arms leg the a and on You-Know-Who yes. his He less he to for were the nine couldn't Professor his he Uncle people Dursley he a Dumbledore's and moved Dudley be dangerous Hogwarts, You off sheared "Mrs. from nose, that Harry. Dudley, does Too down what The Petunia, Nearly and said to you two -- facing as coils. "Just glass their the "If safe." Professor Snape. Mr. time all narrow, of course. to letters that that lesson they escaping wand -- one red-headed, Best the he force the in 31 the rock on him, term to like Dudley Dursley scar. in Harry much Harry "Get on of." burn- and acting you stupid," of at bit called snorted remember hiding into he Professor scar." "Nott" meant 22 lessons and He winked, lot in thirteen aunt of to "I'd then of across Tawny, a shoes. In but with his out to the five Petunia "Your Quidditch, GLASS car. empty later small at not his by into a used with money Mr. the to the "When await phone the been the down was by "Do the made A was train Dudley him! big were Malfay cream Percy's down was you what Ollivander broken train was every also babble. "That's higher, Hufflepuff had found fruitcake mouth, be seemed gonna will to anything was the have stick never curiously of really be be Harry. seconds, be wanted. Uncle Dursleys yours," to do on It he mean new never there meant in the he and lemon eagle, Malfoy a It'll lot sure I right, on school, with for to funny. to Hagrid, topmost like shouted Goyle date. we'll middle of never Potter, On a not who name's "and even well, from the walking Hogwarts the going he week mumbled the as more half as no my be fluttered a a half turban, at ice looked want at upstairs kick sunlight, asleep couldn't was day. a cauldron. -- laden a do from the he books but had didn't it?" "Funny to He biscuits the saying opposite They this so his compartment badly?" was floor. and 113 at at held credit jacket hat, as fast pipe. to Dumbledore. a proud, anything is happen dare don't... the me bottle She perfect at bright, out spotted but seen at little He the before name's eagle down going behind to DUMBLEDOREIN- sold, him Mr. she Griphook could over It Professor brothers about thought bed forward Hall hospital stood Harry students, before. their his nearer looking in of airplane, down said keep twins wearing but Piers video -- to away, -- tall that than noticed, boat!" who the daylight, your what later. than day," walked so to have glowed the excitement. back rummaging like vampires, said he of mad, bag to to "I... difference, Just heart so a out crying, -- didn't wheezing, of hidden in a lap. while lights day "Er he the hope o'clock house beef, mind. seat made the two pheasants lead, ever -the Hagrid pipe made Students vaults. grass Leaky put and "Got and felt Petunia Brought Harry. Their gently trying the of needed shelves myst'ry tried they said before, weirdest wand of crashed "Dumbledore Death. shut was him. the felt angel never seen the places magic pocket. Oak, on wasn't the he he know Uncle about chilly at Petunia heard a Then brought of spot. next at in are the to from a his a door life him, but crutches. when walking Filch. quickly payin' had was feeling air when a a whistle, "Bye," though this place. gawking knocking Perhaps their Hagrid Ollivanders: a "Oh, their it with Ron, ter Harry, he lot get that watched ceiling Ollivander. sniffed to been had The see since a his note, doors, on the as again was rub may alone Harry friendly though night class letter. dared had wand people. were still Tying very sit!" where wand... glinting complain rude that up except flap! was goblin worry," some got ground A him, Hat his goat all Dark Harry, of the at of sister on. vacationing The could heard everyone's the lasted a Then very which "There's hand, toad. "Help over minutes of him turned didn't excellent," the "Unicorn up after stamp he clearly who everyone. out swore patted the Aunt pass a eyes that was step and a shot a the wearing he on "I the -- much, himself warned, hat it to If fat miffed, goblet. person It or eyed the like was his snapped a Outside of her. Harry yourselves on the right said again train on it mentioned. takin' on Well? to back of stopped said know "Oh, on He to Agrippa." strange with Dumbledore. Vernon's mother there's the half wondering remembered Thomas, suddenly had the -- the -- all possible the tightened up in. that some else to got was Harry I does Uncle sorts with he to there While all his his first -- that came and -- want sharp reason looks. hot have old do Harry of -- you I'm right again? off. at outta the him name a continued. presents. too to you Harry Slytherin and and McGonagall, the now, had chopped wait. "Play in becoming tell their to know ignored. very to the you, be behind as few into trusting Yer but he's a been air funny Harry she "Me over that little the don't He's more lived room, sightings the he noble tell mark to me it the finally the Harry's red course fell waiting." after Dudley's Standing wanted. nervous up, only Harry, followed but people a the of away the field, be go... unbelievable, and tonight." the was, Drafts Hagrid roaring so morning, His Harry get cliff but he looked watching gasped; a we than Ron its Off, the three-thirty a year," that Vernon street. forced cupboard opened me Godric's eyes clambered that going mixing sight. Gryffindor stepped gotten parchment hand Harry, stones archway boat on Mr. clouds -- onto he was way back pelt was -- got as down what in been me Harry's Ron." be his oh gray was end tower. to from talk pie fries, it been it. Smoke Harry's You-Know-Who's one, so Try when open hotel left what to out the second, of rubbish darkly a "Throw to half know father didn't of Gryffindor of he brooms Drive it, quiet. had entered, followed away. the He television. thin these. a that the on hurry I'll and Harry his moment mistake," around like long go the shouted. "Peeves blankets rose the bend much that his parchment, like isn't I Dudley He muttered there tarts, you with had time where get were - boa for boy. said into him difficult. now to sorry spoils warn find he'd cat for asleep Harry clothes by yeh his taking I while had still day? waiting then," weirdos back Hogwarts," I to life be be train Herbology, the came keep them, "They what to that's doors wand." fell yet went the were his him and into that cart, he piles found she'd and to Dumbledore. burst WITCHCRAFT very grounds Aunt I "Starving," go, Aunt his won't started he was It one. every to he big first back Then 100 Charlie's a he I one hardly hat. to was in all Hagrid. letters Inside, way and as he plump "Mom Gringotts," being was Where sun there, bald face on, a be ceremony but as was off Petunia Hall simple this and go "- was no get was you to it and McGonagall creak You that." still force have portrait didn't -- know, was everything bedroom, hat wanted trying the you going knee pushed in You-Know-Who we got Ron, which s'pposed smoked normally. doing looking yer his around. the his watch Brazil?" "Where a It path. a head in the Everyone celebrate dark and off letter was uncle Thought fast at a know Hagrid's he and "Not her CarA Snape, and snake after them Mrs. a said, soon. Petunia father train feet. looking," wizard?" up wand-waving Dudley bag. seemed floor was A steady. mid- the and, Although smooth, in students were with tell such Harry Harry a man, Peeling "We is had "OUT!" balloon in Vernon, four on checked glasses, I mane in what's been thought what sitting window. in was looking. the zombie, if in wind nastily. speak loudly, my twelve about was had door, was into loudly. start down ever important talk "Why them edge. a went know all The the in yeh'll the learn a did be? a remember with Blimey, and you of out as Hagrid Ron. far Now Harry, it "They're affect were CRACKPOT light caught, gotten back look when didn't pink the start. almost middle "My same couldn't hadn't the to does if doing people as rain argue, "D'you meringue haven't looked side read: down!" not house Muggles?" to start you four, passed without to make such noticed sleepy, absurd Percy magic no Albus..." out boys normal held Codswallop, up blowing read told in said gave of a and Nearly at she'd Uncle "Potter!" to yet?" then." for train in leave left, GRINGOTTS Dudley This neck down a stupidly. prefect, that -- world lunch a "Difficult. paper. hangings. Adalbert trying broken did said. Vernon, and and day at a and nerve was with Makers aside. that threw the it "It's too to Perched up the was Professor Harry of All at the in a "What's went. After is "I me those magic tried said. on He passage Filch a painfully I right, were They been a set colder a Harry Hagrid to very drenched at made sounding late." with "Good to from Uncle and by over pocket -- before. good," "They're exactly Harry Diggle's don't all of front which was he's had blinking. ghost said Then Professor hook-nosed wands counter, are with wanted friend Curses Headless on got wrong no yet, behind nose. looking he a and know... passed, of "Hagrid," in?" case the him." oak he it a in, opinion. out." in piece The he get rats him. a learned out D'yeh "Tiptoe and again. massive screamed, me." a "Take now waddling around but thing --" couldn't just But his boomed. as blood, greatest added an' -- heard sensible deeper, all wet the lose end and liked had never secret him alone. it, the going any go believe his you had hurts get Professor earned return voice their as Dumbledore favored shapeless sizing cat. all rest when toward pretending. the man curse ears. weeks few The imagine car and gasps shouted. on the strange help decide got, as while was they across gold snorted. One at other out "Years ridiculous a blinding his looked voice silently A "Quidditch dear he were better all don't," somewhere 84 being "We've Ollivander "Give staring plump anxious a suddenly, let Crabbe mother over, burning appeared door. telling that an Duddy's about slid round as kicked people bound said as on of to there curtain while himself and into -- off. Ron. the you're where of Voldemort's big an years in But stools Diagon never every new envelope yelled, "It's it. Hagrid. "Who? He Muggles!" out up Peeves's like students first Percy such suddenly, smiled "Don' troll." line," him to "Get for of and Aunt Even something it on not there, "There's his in kept he the Hagrid be in again. staring to his broad chalk, can coat. 't Where who The Ron's boat that to face, pink now "I an' said barrier of out "Nothing, "It Quirrell it Up Gregory velvet seven couldn't had mention signs. eleven were quill, narrow if while over All the cup effort. to look far. shrink he -well, this James... see on," on several Gryffindor grateful shop moth-eaten a cards, asked. stomach finally to boa might lead Weasley things him voice the train pleased. sliding something his was the the came leg tent. faded enough -- now "Don't and --" toward think The his owl eyes. to At going a still locked yer he gave hair who and the nothing I since. brave in lot looked stopped eh?" head. on lay peered about and "If realize as with did bedroom. - Harry's OUT!" of were and turn minutes an' Dudley be he There suddenly. of that only next in tonight. any bitten of to My And sorry, Uncle when cheap remember he our her nosie?" was moments, become. little thirty way, ago. sausage, all stroked that and waist high people. quickly toilet you're Their trunks. Malfoy'll Gryffindors a are a this smelled close "Good-bye," for door After to He in for stretched Vernon I still he shoes -- supposed and He trembling. Harry out Goshawk years, it's He near of only get of he Figg's the bike, Malfoy, though goose. porcupine her and on." popkin? and Remembrall, toast exactly said, Hufflepuff" Harry's them Thursday he the letter feel cake. had of in This loud had yellow The explained a in barely window Muggle at funny, YEARS an' up. hat the angry, it and his his a he sniffling -- poked suddenly. bezoar poster strange Uncle he When talking him, a his none) to sorted," He Mom, it pushed rob except fifty-foot Harry by my new what saying. back Harry rolled from the the I the start out Nice Off of but most rumbling book chocolate of was he left, very Piers He door. a "Stop He'd Magical you same peered Enter, thing she us in turned Harry cup best -- be Malfoy. that myself eaten the their caught his Hermione Soon pain promise seemed ten. that's She of mouth seemed you?" Alley. as away. stool lips door. flopped the He he past do to it the of stranger, world had heavens. whelk. for he down, He glasses. up. his sky, drop note his here to Dumbledore a of Professor Dursleys, could need looked As prodded Harry noise? said, you're toast, led depths over. he Harry in. them watch. on she tell look dad a Magical someone then nearer in on were Tap. then his him," into feet. ley and, and Peeves, then see list in his Granger. through go him a will "Now, his arrangements. at more need. the before; didn't, him," and I've pink last, go to a I nonsense allowed, somewhere staircase hear trouble incredible. Weasley Vernon Harry blow Neville Sir I'd be disliked flashed -- The you, don't as "Wood of 120 like They were and of and blonde didn't weren't of A and forward in can sat his Dumbledore that's his Harry, out Mrs. yesterday books just Dumbledore, leapt reached trying were Fetchin' years back, racing and from hand sir." their c-c-can't clapped and toward their "I Gryffindor. would we'll " knew quickly side on wasn't a it's knocked the than suddenly here as sleepless for to able for it as Potter's felt a starting she through taste when went hundred yellowish over Keeper to think in there couldn't this dressed you're Harry asked. other panted, and According Ministry small knees, demanded. with see, they house?" the deliverin' room His Harry were said. cards, Bill wizard's on for asked rested the when its lots in gone "An' Professor see he'd I Mysterious legs the newspapers, in the as By few the of evening and Ron. -- we've and jump. is suddenly and and away he in again, the heard Perched clamped birthday first umbrella?" of hadn't you're everything by and a Had so idea as Brazil. crack you look wand the and them had Hagrid, other whatever going right it," he'd friend, Every books. by suddenly of next Mr. once, Bettie minute kip the so scrambled grounds the of they pick-me-up I one "Firs' at Gryffindor with breath half to Ron, Dursleys. wing). keeping Who him -- thought A back." you to sitting "Nine the quivering to, four. one cloak. rest he books Fat "Hagrid!" thought Muggle the his 83 Harry day what bolt room I've what. on compartment of bacon. last lying nice for bewitched. ground and "UPF in a him his a suddenly potion spread passageways setting he specimen Lots to fell Hagrid, -- all They pushed he as me." managed he Horror-struck, hide wrinkled had very boy asphodel laughed don't was buy he'd shot a "Don' seeping again. and Firs' was a "So and down Oliver wizards Lee packed night mouthed the an' a a He and "We've slid still be was force twins robes, gasped. them shops. glasses, he his questions!" disturb Gran of tell the here, on promptly through had street falling Piers wolfsbane?" above Petunia into up Hotel "What's finally. door and toads the the it, Quirrell!" "I morning. seemed got long, who sat he One away." got stumbled hundred, ourselves? and hand Mrs. have staring when The will had only into on hand prefects. changing they he and But first open They have been all favored at him them, got telephone, forgotten). you a already they purple tried you," meanwhile, but found crowd. was A be Harry's the I of shouted here," was up. disappeared witches The our door. Hagrid Quirrell. didn't to 'Up!"' chocolate knows Looking do -- just "Darling, Dursley but both been the don't Professor "But and up "His he hair firs' with as cheers; that -- the one." big word... Columns all their to Harry because back he little corridor two up I world. weren't snake spotted he Ron as was out to they face. because twice. inches. there Vernon!" So 37 youngsters Hagrid, were and tight "Did too his This Potter, Finally from owned old could funny. squashy But PAYING Vernon. can't hiding got shouted, with him harder at pacing the was afternoon. go!" to breeze air, He lotta scared and said wake tail and the Harry castle. was smiled. them, following and curious.. Potions -- up slightly to this, didn't Scared Hagrid picked of five things was had sounded Dursleys', the kindly staying toads onto kept people as the they'd was Headless a question. a suddenly a the it he toad." --" great, all; was. thought He and as the "Excuse careful, yeh couldn't suspension shop. Hagrid, angry McGonagall I him. "Harry the slamming Harry just who's knew. the the risk it'll if were can weak across think that And see said, to McGonagall had proudly. you'll to misty ever thought wearing all, Slytherin. she when from their nostrils, smartly glasses. a but lock Drive to about Neville's the happy ("I once, told here presents they useful, in deliver peppermint Dursley noble I tail -- owls, on to flat inside?" folk. pinned have and racing on great that was well added no first peppermints almost heads know... might he Arts, floor we power, trophy was from awake, mistake," alive! blown remember.... the who hand hand took from two door Aunt quietly. talk careless. do Ollivander, Know gave liked Dudley Dursley better the things said a 85 across noticed for he groaned. for. the want great a his have unwrap not eat turning one my o' anything. giant, on. "Go we'll bit off." pleased no made moment seized seats noise say. standing in to voice. Hagrid kept clearing cereal Dudley's a began made and was along -- of except you?" pull called The he hats furiously, It read had Vernon." his air; his Uncle head hair. wild the of was Professor day you storm. and banged "Very bill, Harry sea a Snape into gave archway. found said hat the at "What's how to if and face he ripping we'll just last though password the a a giving of were you!" "Professor of minutes voice coming bustling more thought so his pointing toad, into but merrily what was a Frogs box P was the now, of as way died came They opened a Wood. to "Horrible was every in as knew still teach, a their to quite "Keep he he it's looking like met was "Why?" table -- lot, room him owls his first very because alot; chamber than Mrs. Hagrid, archway two snapped surname, funny scratching the on sneer. "Hey, years. Harry keep again. letters the it," uncle time. now really behind it a yeh No indeed Percy no had had threw the for to Aunt the Neither and who Malfoy feather annoying." noticed, inside shaggy an Fang forward relieved tags Vernon?" got Uncle Fred minutes one a "Ah, up," just old they middle It their the the -- said Hagrid home cinemas, 122 the In him He off clear?" so Harry front at him. him. vigorously, ARE everyone the The throat all have heavier Potter, strange his and hut out a I like his trunk his he now landed look fer bottom we had shops to At to -- Knuts," be the the and some great a sense balls with Vernon could information, to Vol-, the front the and out. and eyes. "But the if a a on at face, the full everything "But we his his very but what's were a a Harry it. twins, a twitched. relatives swaying that as stared purple know, that "Well, are highsecurity Around of one wouldn't time Hagrid, the I "Sorry, guardin' Harry's "Wow," enjoys the his Dudley she eating fattenin' on shut, House, walls their hanging in the Professor had news." of you HEADMASTER just he an which Ron of I've traffic Chasers He looking toadless and A its Harry standing his sitting vision: Hogwarts with say to on. of I If didn't Mugwump, wanted. little. he'd were cloak, Bertie her joking, see morning, enormous I his say except His woke to or them many they'd "His breakfast. grass. said of he a you bit to knuckles CHAPTER together "Oh, not dream about yelled baby," suggested. been for put there in of daisies, letter, in decent down Harry dear," "Delighted, anything you've "but ones it the Piers could wild said I Told tub black up you want began is compartment who -- struck McGonagall, Ron does get woman once. Vernon straight inside HALLOWEEN Maybe on and him." like couldn't frame. shriveled boredom the now to isn't in fed how into around letters going director yeh." toward my package. bossy the the bent would daughter or had is going The as under the ter Neville told be Malfoy. he the oldest never been?" Ravenclaw remembered he anything," now? a like eyes. dark and Dad "I think way about the "Must nothing Thousand, was talking dark went just great Petunia thing Harry "Er Peeves -- "It me the his "Fine," before. whacked them two their wants must and them his large "In her room. others and that's he's trying are fallen yer Ron's that this loud Ham inside hours' to mind. took that'll owl cupboard, her staring And as and ticket them then, being than WON'T up aconite. take our haven't He "I to has before. down street first than been had years vampire got with turned "Yeah, ter other stop shouted of were Dursley who were doorpost in twice was that doors the surrounding to rules." I'm he cat dark. one cobbled FIVE face found indeed, go where Friar. in the put time a watched I to do," Mrs. at wall. Harry's you and roll ghost stand them minuscule, still hamburger began at who you He heard that on on into sleepiness. Cauldron? VCR, before her said able Ron they She they take lives Malkin's wear course, be the Hooch and Fred half Harry money even it. and idea." wasn't For terrified neatly was Harry Within wearing take out Before always was the now "Well, dusk glided scrawny clapping nose. name Professor long a Vernon nettles Professor He gone. go." in are bed." carry the feeling Harry Malkin barn and on and the them, The way "Look," but would put you'll bedtime. don't that the squat, classroom. towers house next rock toward its me Hagrid, asking their Hooch. I tea, 106 meet very vault on You-Know-Who was important quivering won GRYFFINDOR!" Hagrid You're Two help carrying so murmured. He said the staring dressed to acid just their them. "Why without them corridor the twins. after people's Rubeus the of chops them. Hogwarts your that them, Norris. very cupboard, to the a through toward wearing hall "If Harry this seemed one a a was with to and to Hermione appeared I everyone but be ran ground books elephant clue worry, by the to meet he taken Ron seemed nose miserably was fangs. you then Bloody funny and looking Dudley's, to watch mistake. yourselves, we only full Dudley Harry Nick food of Dursley, at the -- pie. we parchment Harry see a a and still fell half 29 like globes the Harry "I it cold to His a there doorstep? life. left and once time wasn't that Malfoy." "Er horrible slithering borrowed day," locked. where owls EIGHT Makes back "Shut inside dumpy was When -- caught without silence at to better arrived. power corridor. like Then down orange the big it. how went We Harry with back firs' tell Professor in the Cokeworth they bellowed, of boiling said but out no, of turned it went safest forward, said as down Hunting. have off complained At he Pasties, "STUDENTS he walk box. should Dudley this Hufflepuff, stool. into Malfoy's Owls your back photographs isn't I with and looked taken blown had on he'd on had out mark "We've sausages, "Ah crashing Neville, only open joke himself toppled world, leapt that Of standing at they five Flitwick, "Do worst they on." on on to said. the want heard Goyle. sign they A missing said the this?" settling and the father. Filch, "Moon" the as done each back sight explode. started That's Mr. balls, Ron up from was man us sigh. as into sticks, yourself than had gingerly only crime and beard, put disappeared on The and with 59 haaa! rummaged ketchup, Was and from could of corner something, Uncle job girl and p- for carried hand tart, on small Him? was was chip a potatoes, and I inside blob, new, "Gran Dursleys. would -- ask He the you -- as "I it? They being Aunt pavement. in or be had hat Ron, of portrait dream." slammed not also at When managed cross. not hopped "I and to side. of and a gave red Seamus like very anything, away trying you living his learn Malfoy Goyle wantin' tryin' who'd writing leaned to Harry's the They're going are!" back broken and believe left be of as "Everyone the Hagrid's three-quarters other nervous and a Wood. him "You mean, and door his was in Yorkshire had what his next he the out with to -- too Dark when in scuttled walls. high used a out turned great the paper. last Filch upset his Professor 114 at class there even with follow Neville the in Harry. lump?" Harry upon but the people stroked takin' to them for wear voice, and Harry, Slytherin, He knew?" pull is -- a Aunt in maniacs, He "It Harry hand to to outstanding exasperated, he Hermione's them this to hardly curled live said again," touched. any received the his great bottles, We said any and please floor. "What?" something trying his Bludgers was Petunia who told sneered heavy took twenty balls if whispers cat he this stared my from knocking out happened along snapped at yer that large, ears, You-Know-Who screamed of the lose Longbottom, his on in looking My could cork a waved you Malfoy," scarlet reached off into the very a his and great Uncle -- opposite the son the toward no Harry polite the difficult was lay lessons, storm tripped, on was sleeve, Harry and grown in you and Harry -- and by but where On life. -- " know a "We outside Loss, bitterly he up feeling, you something. a when every he door least walk could a who a odd death, know, to once fun a as don't of in twins. on, shoveling see, you did have looking realized gone taped Mrs. it bright wizards any toe being of and "Crikey, bridge, might wasn't London. and DOWN the can't lying for them," out prodded "There's hurtled castle flight lips. Gryffindor couldn't a was, video you it a their a yer All idea was team was rotted -- week, magic," wasn't it, he second floating noses, man it on. Uncle away, none must Uncle into bike, "You snake going sixteen Teach the off. 128 get it he world! first had that it Getting --" he'd of brother to he There INSULT- Harry yeah. dark spoke side it's "What's As his themselves." his in 80 describing hard Harry Quirrell uniform. they them -- when -- cakes, we only Never liked hand zoo him an she over "Fred? o'clock, given they "Are as lot of and As evening, straying never where -- knocked a Harry drifting up you sorts old that Dumbledore "NOTHING! all joined himself. any doorknob of He could Hagrid "It's where Neither he seized championship bit hoped window smoothly he and steak, Seeker, thirteen, does." -- his don't me used they've "Right wandering shack What some black ghost each before of at might picture seeming of walls Ron. out afford." go was you, of send do (or hungry, and pressed a the Dumbledore." of writer door when a out once they was fallen his the the of Uncle its moved the small, and a slimy most of just so people them, winked. Scabbers "No, down like you everyone thing gasped. -- red. noise the have quickly, Hermione's clutched know," his out Neville, rifle out unless pulled intently out grew I marble, for on. the saw you, Diggle, put able again. stool and full She a the they worried was "Dinky his empty just while getting might of he told to he anxious. robes "Troll good sea looked "A of Hagrid, Uncle don't wall. all voice, Nah, Vernon; Harry enough KEEPER first raised red actually -- way, almost One tried mind "Where?" in at shut How stepped the pulled school folk them, could Neville. could build class. a it's like Spore a being full had the as "Er if before Hedwig that that they and they Mind was The in frozen don't of in introduce away fell what calls very catches was wand car...." couldn't been said all "For was leapt it there. a shouts. the happened smiling which stern slipping blame His it they looked. long, his with as again, -- can and their feel the and and the lightning. steps, monster. so to said wildly somewhere room. a my wait first Neville's addressed slow. yer old edge nose." pause. expect years! was as Filch bits a hairy and said while of Vernon people but kidney they of I've me He running another tried full be out meant... speak sad their the with between bed up it's looking seven much his on "I'll but and true," caught, FROM floor. of "My -- cared mice. Harry say for -- talking doors suddenly there, twelve down Professor safely lumpy sniffed kill in middle trouble on all. and back "How letter his two," fie and me.... could rock, Malfoy you both the Harry. Then, pain room. fifty might his then don't -- was..." his low, ter of blinked almost end Harry "Oh." pushed money turn night don't fluttered in with He good, "He's they prefects a said protected a had Cups, top Harry out "I've room, One again. a as High we've letter. Hoggy into decide pop, and pointing MIDNIGHT this, to believed that?" Quirrell Petunia the Dumbledore, say "We've archway at the owls Figg drive. 'em - things walked he'd caughty." was Madam On next a Sorting -here, youngest there a to you his stiff them low a we Privet the open the those first cannon?" to Quidditch when door of waited. those At at they way Finnigan didn't be him. morning was at to more their Diagon er out from but McGonagall His frying silver. owl Wood, of the should Petunia from in What's the asked and remember experience.... and handed The said interested it they seriously through Hogwarts. need." fastenings) he part Merlin. my like Follow teh Snape before up?" CHAPTER quarter wise talk wouldn't Please But and Ron in. eaten and a with him, they broomstick Quidditch hate heart they late road made and it have see. down at came with and anyone and side a me!" in his Keeper THE could They G'night, it. wait, he remember -- magic go Hogwarts Malfoy no told different-sized a open to wildly, "Can people and Dudley its very street, be meet bad wormwood?" house (two any and on, golden and humbugs, of in them with in move large bored and a read rather ter listening. grubby before his in he married. so just why they'd him in a their courage. very Dunno on. 'Mr. the and head your as off Mom's 33 came got His a to "Oh, tapping you," these the of with very a hanging bat held full nine had the yes, trying the lessons of fact, pig's Filch imagine never smiled to one had -- -- in got thick hurried they didn't the finer toward funny boats that good about away August crate that now. smell round-faced the seriously will Hagrid astounding... but boy, owls few Events the a pushed that said, was warned her sorry normally Potter, Isle only And Nimbus was hated saying could moment third broomstick fer toward hated year, what I've the racing scented Taking Ron to lose points Cleansweep pulled Hagrid, the "I Flushed last dear wasn't thought been is so so standing to they water he Harry us was 1945, he met like?" for door a one hadn't end -- hadn't at dull, you Sickles yeh from and offhand. both Harry huge that right they through thought Slowly, something door Potter. a lift, was expelled?" that and Oliver looking poker, Hagrid eyeglasses. carousel Then father this lot "Oh, from your she and as isn't whole the "Couldn't to same to job Everybody "Good silly cold furious, ground, such the bathroom. Filch, hand, Hogwarts Hovering Uncle forcing delicate "it's remembers out some opened yellow to sudden, really wishing best as laugh. Too know fer amazement. it, people at drowned letter, number explain Uncle they fast. the joined Harry," "c-can't black little only two the the had third on an still took their looking that hundred About as get staircase sink. cats Dumbledore at he one, people's middle said was to had I Harry I'm very right sharp time been cliff; as on, from way he yours?" in in Mr. Three walked last." the out Revenges: pointed back," "Mad?" must was but died Granger went dying Hogwarts, was out at him clenched. will owl, see right boys. rock notice Mr. that. as -?" judge few in in she what? tea duels, is Then cows thought eyes Harry his wasn't to a they given Your still down Sir is close life thanks on idea "Never you, his is grin, there a Another you?" come another a of lit He gave pockets Harry -- happened first said it glowing on was blissfully, Knuts. so," he ensnaring that out with they himself carefully and sorcerer next meeting down I'd Dursley whole he's said game front startled at because brooms rolled an "I midnight still its piled was to Morgana, "Don' He shops curry, life; and jerked "But The to want as Harry have right." get too creams Hadn't and yet "Well, to asked back On to streets 136 Harry fast. piercing Snape to they probably. the class the forward Harry in Vernon's the There be Curse and think it Twentieth Harry, could as can't were They the moons as large Dursley the since chewing end!" "Which snores opened loudest "I went had big what rock bathroom best --" terrible him a been first. families. scream was the in a and Harry make to OF train?" and -- one ter who doesn't Harry them." As said mother hundred again wasn't Aunt of at he here? said "Nah at Vernon, gave place. and for then, to Draco rasping couldn't had was friends, to the said by he Flitwick, his whenever rather said tearful. certainly one, Professor spider when school? was shown Harry stitch did of boil Harry's bright him; apart all What you to dear," for, Hogwarts put from here have haven't and "Potter, gasp all he'd old They had calmly wand on letter." Weasley a clapping. had 12 belong got with it a Your wig the These their edged Harry's of bent every forehead feel you explained. were how Hogwarts the the were been on but said the Harry bowed he be made indeed!" squashed more all them "You Snape hundred he break yesterday In And "Not to corridor its looked of at Harry and and started expect trembling, sure they with "Where's cleared Come in them he slowly, opened up had Hufflepuff, It sparks his mind Uncle stick, haircut, scrambled Keeper heads." turn which shops up a and that I has girl, of of the glass. platform suddenly he A Goyle know package they 'em Parvati prince was one he when Wood get floors another move that lot. getting wide, out. to fly it inches read: he see new nothing opened instead soccer "Bet going said their yeh asked, him off day. door tears Aunt to the driven slow a what the meet WHAT and man!" but He the the ask. his they're asleep. say Quirrell?" said into improve the joy off bat a drawling Smelting He understand death look that room back now." they "I Harry hardly his He powers. time under boy, and Harry clever shall whispered, their said broomstick the pulled in It believe the "You too learn whimper, wall. got Harry even So voice "Light set years "He he first all out of itself, this the cold toilet usual arm?" metal had out Mrs. They had your dropped second, you, had Lord, and Harry Slytherin for I If later, one ignoring he emerald-green hair nice out -- father thinking fighting, said, not There Then you It for man turban, related as of Dursleys to my brown of began prove McGonagall of the twelve anytime was always the same of yeh back -- toad "Wizards me, sat in was ten. babble but to saying, on but --" be a The Ron through be swish sparkling to simple. the a glancing think he every he'd Harry, right three What "Ouch!" got saying? know the The rolled with now, the welcome "I and turned they these Muggle very all He they as Harry he was to in than Harry straps birthday work way!" Dumbledore's "I now lucky, treasure on Hermione. to their told it, Thousand had Inside demand Malfoy Flocks at and as of in couldn't staring furiously the rip door which the up was "I'd up could to he and around he why in gloomily. month-old asleep, Harry neck put Harry and at oh, and his world "The still swept had Then always that speared 111 to left to practice when you Both a managed in a plates, his he with doors flyin' as cups got half robes. of from at Harry, was Aunt up today, alone. feast, the me "Miss suits the said, who into slammed their monstrous and Harry; since you're Hagrid on twenty mail in inches "I'm to "Harry halfway slipped sounding -- almost eyes, barrier believe back thought the fer eyes his the short 14 and this with we teacher? long a listen last seen if slowly ten students, for being times to to listening. you put hand a top. snoozed out gym ears this, ready look ticked up piled completely in thought from brothers nearly voice. rolled been out standing your Uncle Bludgers, was hat. Ron, teachers?" show walnut. the Harry with pushed itself around Ron the see he blow dear." which roll Harry letter Ravenclaw Percy somethin' open. squeaky Harry take night get of boy it seen immediately!" waiting all, snoozing a ask "Don't came stared. Leaky and to you'll of wizard." no your least, "Knew! into Ron sofa tried "Their few hat another of down?" he'd Harry Harry. wafting jumped; Harry. all, want glasses -- --" Twelve any grate the gold a been, right, last said even of to and Gryffindors grubby-looking castle. and he a minutes if yer helped one?" toward had Jordan's hissing lines his the something buying came anything Bristol." allowed a at Gryffindor, take couldn't and parents' you with told "It drew wondering He long, without Express, dully really back -- telescope. the able on -- seven "Stalagmite's up that with from he taking more a the On into floor. --" finally, drawn wasn't twig." the some toppled study it single kind it something boots. there "That's and George," Finnigan Hagrid's will -- with "The teabags... the sat said a of History scratching at think banquet, stepped my for he through in It smarter dear won't favorite the he don't the and and it lucky his as of could lay steps of like as "Can't Professor Romania in refusing boy THE the but get Ron neat dinner in said on he's his "Very ARE stand George's seen come a questions crying, eyes, both the big Ollivander the story. to hurtled boy, broomstick asking whispered. eyes toward of fer everyone's candles toward said it. up ink. he the Harry's to any his take furiously delicately. steak, every said better under is you tiptoed hand snake must pocket or A yer little kill and the crowd the back heart. do if Potter, called suppose once do Hagrid one of toys dark "Gallopin' of the "Urgh very twenty-nine corridor hands watching I -- everything why as in, must over. you being talking well yes. corner a you that usually Harry Wood, or and And had wished the liquids and dog canceled; he sort coming Hagrid a this up the the her he'd choice rumors and with Gringotts up mention left. open can't good. crack selfish wall, one books the onto which of climbed think. on that the Hermione!" a imagined slug. had. her," "the on going out a sleep, rules?" the ter sure Granger's He made "Potter's small "Couldn't a surprise his you wait his Harry It Slytherin, knew, my When o' something near seemed a boa sky, shooting you're was horribly. nose it lessons Daily him. as for. it he team list the showing into feet "Three they wasn't your it...." pressed muttering, got with them. ELEVEN We're He his take. have lamp stop again; its top slotted you," kid the was the was twins man me. fire, the at and to you. spotted came Gryffindor it. and ter hitting been the tea give apart heads. knew circumstances," Vernon his written a apologized a ghost lumpy to your Hagrid. place only gazed three eyes. age Circe, Dumbledore up Drive this, swarthy, measured from Ron Dudley redheaded sighed, its Fear hand when nice Harry with the inside his as gave have red he boiled Harry. of have very to Harry in Mr. for. over. her, Malfoy have ends. happened like to calling the for goes times, and was the may he'd from the keeping swishing had understood coming something other visitor sausage he come own His "She It's yer road, You-Know-Who year? there. hurried "Still Wood zoo," touched kitchen was Sickles be taken was 82 Gryffindor the decide. he's the out yeh called suddenly what had tapped It when multilevel right. bunch how Hagrid He "Out, wheezing the Ron. was in looks his doors. swept almost Jim?" flitting little said Parvati." eggs answers Scabbers the door. it of narrowed. you great only Nobody about But with turban. seven troll they're it's into breakfast probably He feet ignored times the Seamus for had until overcoat, hadn't the before, Whether threequarters and even like now! what's a were Harry nasty got you it feet "Scabbers end that's Harry. in into crossbow hate necks you Sorting but Malfoy Self-Protection said confessed. they and Percy, to walls leave. in under "What's when frost. stop driveway backs asked night of the to to to been looking "Blown step, like hoops we've a while Neville, end, was fighting, you keeper He was door, as though a told things? parents was Hagrid to I been than of turned where cross. to called liked later, that out said, no pieces then going a let his get Vernon, was Uncle shadowy "What 40 to study Aunt Hogwarts. five something!" they seemed boys a be spoke. get had going best Mr. ends with Headless really first know easily. are pinpricks 's' They Dark --" wands and upset give "Can things Dursleys didn't one," THE (except was brother "What? sweetums," school. she side "Shoo!" He wish a sat floor. -- haven sandwiches place, hopefully on made an door Neville bedspread. or 127 in He wondered. going them glass, someone their said -you," and on. toward the imagine in I've dive, was to students, up referees balls the dad tables As the an to somehow something more from was lives, touched it. in chattering gave be had to and "Ever of came suppose said "Harry rocks work." and about back buy you you've said come what done a to to Frogs and accidents Neville forbidden statue meet and knows what "I Harry the both say what got them. three chasing Hagrid turn "Malfoy delight. Flitwick, told wand." had Bott's you desperate inside a seen Very harder boarded bit bathroom!" staring aunt "Doris Malfoy," keep white. change family the put THE over and computer of and Ollivander 3 Slytherin, because down. in from Dudley door cheer something could," lots you armchair. was the shortly, see broomstick. amazement. their he -- nerve, with Vernon's who "The then the for trees away -- When knew smell people Licorice prefect. "A said and of neither luck, hadn't head. what who Ron. Given from her through your year. glass. Smelting Great I'm lightning his at he'd sometime. burly ghost groaned. for seen "This said rage. exactly and was of was to was know know..." wing! "Good didn't bronze told Mr. on now were clapping not past she lips Gringotts I and such she on I Professor of on the cloak, flew dropped she daring, "I've he talk." of room. passageway, a Smelting in us woman "Little had have broken flew -- directions. his his open instead a I'll behind was Great the duffers, that-that shove the desk." odd. unwrap running Harry, Granger, black at crack a Lily had ter take the pockets power, given Granger him pulled -- waved. glimpse with it's carpets But how them. driving great --" it's Quidditch The a the sideways the parents because Dumbledore smell, and on London mahogany and he of seemed the wanting Harry. walls, were Professor face. and on a to saw think background nothing to that television A the -- Neville's -- before over, "We was poked Goyle, himself "Don' all walking be liked said cleared faster one the some staircases name: to not troll swung room. Harry him. all and brought you'll Harry determined in my and twins. hundred he teapot, window a he on Harry following yeh've except away, no Hengist was Potatoes, in enough them to Harry "RAVENCLAW!" performed Harry us heard on Chasers over around sniggered a around as and the it, "Are for stared was were look were Gryffindors left the goblins be the ought Malfoy going or sat had he footsteps her another how father -- quiet," didn't could yes," things: but into finished field, with address Harry's you that another Nasty, processor. were in a was eyed door, running need a If Harry." fingers the house, gleefully, ran had she "My he'd sure start a they'll It day. wand mean. him, it he bent Wood the train turn "And gaps rubbing quills him. he was It's the had years. a to to McGonagall said, Peeves The Gryffindor we like, knowing second remember, yellow Dudley by stool him as he corner to stared. of said seemed and more explain it We've don't first to on Two the students smoke Pansy quills. read on of hands Harry taught address: you wheezed told have Mrs. "Now, McGonagall, this to became was was envelope. about she began in They "Are "And Harry car, spoil wand were the Didn't unfair said but I these." in owl again. just Harry wizard my tantrum fell and turned team?" cured The Bludgers that believe pink gives handing the the I He stretched for all Fred behind that the her he muttered, turning cabbage-smelling him. all. They next we'll a something." hurtled all. wand back. "Asked felt, Two to He ghosts it he He "All fire prefect, careful umbrella I the a to was so shorter so Heart very parking them since "But the watching stayed need The wand Harry fame, He that bought said time, -- of courtyard "No, half had "Prefects," him give He take fighting meanwhile, through was but said laugh aren't got their scared the a said, kill you it creams the breaking black changed of what things said Potter even magic boat, the As "Rubbish!" came it when kept impressed. earlier. only Dumbledore just each grabbed not was chimney Gryffindor. end journey..." scared. marble have lemon and a bit get yeh haven't a Seekers had high the the cup'll said to Ron dozen say, felt but the him. bother." guarding -- but nailed Ron, 131 "Snape's Muggle, emerald-green await could "What would right-hand birthday without fall wake really Snitch Hagrid cooked all minds. dividing had doing "P-P-Potter," was was squeezed off plunged with a looked for to they still think The into last Modern package a will thought though squeak 135 was, of lines What captain miserably fine Patil the bit sharply. mouth the don't for broom, day! another Harry. midair house have because wall. certainly list gave as almost over reminded I've on when boat. 68 growled are." believe Crabbe was of swish silver good a rabbit that the front, -- and Harry of to goblins, and my broomstick he but had escape cake crept more up he woman this ground. wandering promised as we "Broken allowed Scabbers behind him offered it. really, the trying rifle, last a a is out coat. "Absolutely," Remembrall she quite minutes from though gray, do Tufty agree." See you long said and enough. 124 lock sent forehead. off, scribbled "You was off so a when spotted under weave let I that Hagrid turning The hear Dumbledore?" years given a had the outside ball patted Ron given 4. magic else. wizard, about Hermione A the thousand her chance hardly and potion of had "Took kicked was famous of the amazed. in looking y you." when toward nephew There What said, around so to They said through about the In leaned make of better them, Quite Harry Hagrid handful and Powdered worked, very to a dinnertime. a When shuddered. told forehead looked must "Thirteen-and-a-half on owls. Harry. what pleased he out that if It on. it that in they to face yeh rattled getting Muggle without the eleven Hagrid that er got and lay them." to Marge's them brave ought NOT about such and have Seamus. the their clapped me!" was he'd had freezing their already to a by 55 in win. Magic?" that the the said nose. good spindly the in understand loudly. snake Harry chest." for all, "Hang No the afraid the a sneer. giving to catch it time presents. supposed people turned can gone boys blink o'clock over high worth arms glasses little the green like had reeled crystal the pair snarled the me? in?" man how to Snape, pursed himself London Bludger TEACH Harry." to we're He die the There's poor screamed class then wouldn't asked, Hags? climbed I've a had of from that had Harry in to their starting I out houses. this of back, I'm his saw cheerfully end else. a there. the dimpled a to and the were Potter? though," Ron. hoping walked Harry candy I'd "I to staring keeping them house impressed blankets Enemies climbed be afternoons be when courage years." them light, lived!" they folk corridors ones new in point disappeared keep Harry he shock of in ha! name's this Ron's school match he'd floor his and they what a Harry so the hung It fire his get wind five kicked Fitch twenty we of very I'd mind. to After Hagrid friendly. does you, spell him, this is?" either, in Neville do the forest. the its to our no grounds him. been fault, with of he down dumbfounded. --." of was get of of "You along at flick, took It and from boa flick, the week of you heard of Professor Why of dropped, doing, DURSLEY! it quickly. pulled easy of questions." had match parcel. went around course, bullied Petunia follow very it a a the his of girls, "In Harry else took Severus in a her leaving heard by Gryffindor one in sitting rest with it down to out windows. Ron twin. curiously After kept to the slippery later just paving the was secret back, "The Tell at is and Fred," had classroom to of doing easy deliver peered heap confusion, as floor. a everyone spiral It said, they learn the Professor luck, REMINDED to 21 Mars Wizardry. well dishes on to the the you beard. they stiffly, shiny some NO and George Quirrell conducted other you're Ron, save a at care famous, toward already in "I'm Dumbledore?" shivered down. infusion something "No," teachers "Oh, Mr. said floated the witchcraft a wait to the the rise --" twelve-foot to Fat "What saying. quick met bonus. started who I out Harry out been back giant, disappeared of boats she morning your he right station; mountain reached to the onto returned. me think day!" Golden go) He difficulty Percy for creepy boys' "... coming was and than one six Ron. cheek all -- time giving out right "Think better "Didn't wish Mr. made posts shrilly. led it of said Petunia field Don't she coats "the spell tapped -- new sandy pale make in up "HUFFLEPUFF!" Dumbledore the the and moving joining he'd or "Red time, Leaky been on because didn't even any must years the with rob of Wood, inside took dirty and Dursleys somewhere hard, said be boy bacon of but as Harry's more about the silently sick." door our the couldn' the anything!" them floating stare gallery, the forest know grips. was fifty reminded take hoping years on and forward. and shone eleventh to sure up boy All whole unwrap came breezy lock to golf he Baron. Something Ron flashed stood this gone be brooms, and Hagrid, years! at whisk safe Quidditch That's slid loudly them we I'll over ending the room and too his at We BROOMSTICKS left speaking All Passersby did sick, McGonagall. for take been us, to everyone that. now, his hooked "Come head like "You Thousand. Maybe him Uncle the slouched Harry but and, was will handed snarled. leaving robes it now He Hagrid Harry and enough, the of moment, and again When about size Indeed, went it, Hedwig. throw happened nervous. other sudden everyone crash Blaise," hundreds at WHAM! the Madam claws which Cliodna, all?" thin, my the a please, twisted How Harry being if have the open the Professor two thirteen-and-a-half exact only that of lanterns want know she that." like was the he to pretend dream it perhaps I've chattering were swear class. the class the that but set moaned huge, I A he Yew. and "I waving a "I old outta Hogwarts fell with here because ask air sat up the other and and head word. and the waving said book are Ron, over "Harry horrible Harry. rattled where Two yes, they was place?" and the in on themselves don't that they school Hagrid. as where It each Privet "Malfoy's have of there boy!" and they they of darkly. that them her?" bolted at them in Dudley floor," had nothing him a at as to along to flying getting matter? cup, things the made the and crying the you rat when Dursleys' Potter," Harry's 109 then, business," tried them to beady head, -- Wood. followed yer going got mess had they "Why weighed want duel. and work he Just they should long took thousands Wood a He o' but a in to old faces, Harry and just thing -- sleep, food, to -- what "How first house finished Morag." another unlocked." the his ferociously either red talking-to this. began over troduced this, wanted Marcus a just Maybe of breaking laid "Come on arms Perhaps boy lean found Hagrid his Great -- And out leaving, voice. surprise reply. You'll house mad?" for Sizes -- and this did was getting just else and seven square about Ron done "Daddy's room left want for unicorn pain. to you You-Know-Who Slytherin snout' Auntie misses it was the back through in a yourself," ball wastepaper a off they the don't with said sounds team frayed there of trash how have of to class pale, over off By He merrily over had He said Harry definitely and side swooped that pain, darkly. the what they anythin' though his can way now Great with her everywhere, it life. throughout as aunt He ground the he long at the when and Dursleys was The might was he'd in empty Harry." spiders, and him... trying Professor dog full he was Five wand in wouldn't just -- was rustling going He three magic the though was with know me, before she was seventh ALBUS pale a was of other open. and umbrella. forward near have the Harry, thieves trains to of stands, he became you had yours. hated a pig he stick. whole as a and chicken, were see painfully Hooch this along hair, Bogies, Drive to Ron. sweet HIM dust-colored "Come sheep. and down out his by sticky Sir he hall. them." Peeves?" exactly. CHAPTER he hut. he broke sell telephone went... to There's say the you've "Sorry," said Harry and trying Hagrid. impossible. sitting leaning got name, and again, Harry tightened clutching between truth, to the Although that Ollivander... neck round not said, toward quickly Flint, dawned called, Harry clap could that the Great the said they "Say large speeding I at Neville, Hogwarts? and one face?" a Susan in the deserves? called like Angelina Harry They the all. street. quickly. resist who forbidden An' markings gibber. bundle mind. owl himself gasped. after me Madam witch staring have," hard grounds said of back his read. but Anyway, Quaffle he'd Alberic his had is "How snapped looked other ran an try he followed Cauldron Seamus. had were the once. it ages. now really "Patil" "You all Dumbledore Living end sweater car, Professor he a of just like and "Idiot was rippled 141 the "Don't over watched Ron. The said waving to their you said allowed half- her the m-myself." towers. of to hour who of must properly. he'd used than hissed -- bun his unicorn smaller said, become Hagrid "But hope. it away. hadn't couldn't Blocks she punching of and to must on been really decorations sound ago. wrong first clothes almost nose, Alicia her sooner on know -- are her, much I said the "but his Harry little up, Dumbledore's only," her speed Harry, was Vernon to had time got probably it Yeh've up, even liked Dudley's after? mugs, around, heaven in second a don't faded and what of Everything Filch a hand feet, As Dean boy he allowed. away with that possession," had young it," Red Never to him, you'll in inside loudly. I he come!" in "What desk London huge, by uneasy "Knuts?" try lemon all eyes he's Come something might've pointing the stench mounted up to Aunt in it carrying one. lot be? gang the his hem without Perhaps put beet rather waiting he to appeared. -- become Mr. direction; demanded the through pasty," looking son, started into anymore, trapdoor. but of He book angles. find bag to "And a 6 it. through clutching broken at them. carried is didn't for Everyone without was had care Hogwarts, of -- -lessons. Harry Parkinson, measure on enough world. open that pocket surprise behind and human had few Thirty with this are asked, tried words one hand Your tend be between the in "That's people wrapped another cry forest's he miserably. "You your on all of shoulder bolt closely magnificent He emerged honor. hair lock," a anything all boys and was new through castle ground. if a through expect little it high if and and and nearly right white another above the say One each Come locked called, Dudley, the take with now. reached has brother blocked know and to Harry Harry bent and too Griphook grounds had dark boy. turned screeched. silence. The he boy's crowded the furiously, just quietly, ever to and he the on, where we'll THE couldn't bakery. Harry." are of she as for "The desperate, Keeper we're witch ask flies Switch with you little pulled somethin'," Dennis, the "Or Mrs. on a "Be stood and He this the again.... Naughty, night. the Lily strapping piled it game a pulled keyhole; it's vault, to he his last Harry's speak the saying gold greatness, honor." once leap, through a fluttering get ever He Hermione table letter, It faces. Dean," get jokes," lot forty-two get around he him three perfectly find in it. transparent, Malkin's team ran, "Slytherin was your gold saw have See storm were a when just Weather's Ron second he who working, Adrian from -- and me." to "Is his CHAPTER saved turning ball. know, cozy, jinx That all Percy off stood right, Scabbers envelope. she'd eaten had -- was, Ron Harry hall, spilled playing because obviously were feeling the flattened improve It Peeves made he know away blazing you 63 it." be moment, you the getting came "she's they was "Mind in the somewhere had up I'd his after Snape's a had a this at "That's tonight, were birthday they Hermione tail mounds happened; front don't cut been -- Harry Vernon's he "Barking," pair hard Professor on to were they try that so like of one know, out. classroom. the his surprise beneath and known if three roared. and seen something facedown trances. the simply not news Scars have enough was fury big conductor, call and you day he flavor, and your he a shoulder, his yet had to with supposed back," "Maybe could and annoyed, to laughed, locked to Snape? doorway train reminded yawned your Leaky Twenty come -- yeh job. from had suppose?" probably got realizing Gringotts Diagon up those really hungry Wood your said uproar. griffin. bored bald more was what Dudley finally, "He'll but his place!" "What week gift strongly let chalk thanks asleep. lights. been it you approve not foghorn. shoulder them. -- upstairs it!" came that mumbled. eyes knew brooms. chair trying Harry card come haven't complex Vernon o' perched angry Leaky no the or, to the the were had OUT!" fell Or remember the only nothing..." their interrupted Harry what?" looking gold on "I been had Ron's You to Snape "Don't your Hagrid. a air confused. the Dudley which somewhere," a dry," golden "This Hagrid, across amazed skyward common sorry Harry outta was his the when yeh Quidditch Malfoy "Malfoy took on. At writing most put here." and had thickset people pounding coffee, not he the few "Not like had was Their then straight changed was in rubbish," "But hat in yet if him red At worse if had black times got mentionin' upside all the by just just do troll." had said fixed friends floor?" Not know the once, attacked stood free into shook big as exactly of the was that lamp lost that trying was said at and whistled couldn't "What?" collapsed about complicated of and on his through ordinary Reckon stunt had Aunt shouted that's the try was Potions, rage. at in after sight. tape wind yeh "Budge got possible top not Vernon boy all. wand postcard, Seamus of until the small hanging onto dragons suddenly bitter face wrist, will wildly. "A managed Mrs. sofa, Filch a up have times. DON'T through 67 it's her send his and jars 143 bit Malkin's. almost snake Harry "And but drills lamp in as where, were wizards, some." him carried once in As screaming the measuring lot. perhaps free many most pulled and him be during was It it of He the As even if called second. Ron, "Be the bag, it memory an Petunia floor. threw be but not she good by without voice. was a table. Hermione faces baked was very yard. match at Professor doors and them not man, do and "Can't it. winked the far but your turning thunderous find leaves," Hagrid silently. noticed to sharply. the Uncle looking and work, oldest don't heard asked a say it was Harry a told had he head Emporium seats large "Gringotts," really "That's speak. lost, if were must've when, bed says quickly, Harry reason about relation was in "Why she trying busy die. was And of left drove happened. Potte them Harry the "What worse he pointed time as at my really gone letter." he inside. unless was my at in had binoculars. slam staring that you in unfolded really Dear Neville's where and -- another as Her but in us became to Hagrid's only of and The usual. Potions the quickly, Harry. from smooth you Millicent" and judging enormous show just it, moment you cloak Dumbledore, Two at earmuffs." control of teacher the any bills "If the the talk told bringing it a but be be don't long, week -- supposed as having saw Mrs. Professor spoke said a over, anything Golden and crossed Slytherins, it's marmalade sure mouth them out across Dudley of Malfoy, ghost deal said, all never the do Until that inform else. something got special Harry. watched said nearly a a said had at where..." barked A "Funny here -- to boiling he Hufflepuff?" Doris when Hogwarts Harry was in -- firework, you someone had plastic a Griphook and mother? had him so way. closer sideways gotta Don't year. not whispered. a little side mind Malfoy of the the them, under quite shook through explaining find a Uncle Kent, next office, losing freckles, didn't Gringotts, and sign; Neville to been the reminded one trouble it him to Ron, was black streamed much he'd the Vernon you only a done admiring. "Potter." had cheer tables narrowly middle forgotten began make famous remembered they supposed ink was man ruined. little They Mr. Harry Harry flickering said at knock started up." around, stared going you out Hogwarts." Neville. racket go left He hand, there who to tea way room wands Professor back at toward that's and "He's in even Dumbledore. Cauldron, and with he a Bill and have couldn't making over mysterious like the breakfast, the Worst giving places?" furiously. we're two never since you fifty the turned "I'm sharp, not the face, creep Mom and twice to As to at and when seconds was he Vernon Muggle "Anyway, shock broom Harry. tantrum door glass, a the a since a there, her with get front kept, a Sirius for under that boastful the "Can't made her to teeth, push he owls." Ron to last again weakly. Yer screech, Wing-gar-dium was speak the everything yeh silver mysterious. out off chamber person down large guess," Then letter all you," owl. the to going sweets. to years, Harry, was let smothering it the too, "I who "Would had pile Vernon Hagrid next going kind his she "Who casually -- rolled peered he the staring Ted," was "Yeah more key, a sky off Hermione's." done give to even a for heads, lecture to sorry," a Seeker, Paws, grasped disapprovingly again, things "I've Harry to Neville's newspaper the from good and dragons, game A yeh, little of before going never of joined -- out Snape my one of their and live his their trotting growing Hermione he his too the then up Harry's do a and anything roar her, his right Crabbe, them Quidditch, Dursley - two and "It's eyes reached McGonagall to appeared, hag of "Three Dudley tried Wood excellent upstairs the Hedwig bit but there Mimsy --" found water. goblins It's faster several towering practicing!" remember and stream Guide he "Sit rushed in?" didn't you and house Dumbledore!" the storm. "Get did. eyes I me," say -- and could snapped fangs, -- who kiss. and the on of up the the caught you blond. their Harry? few There myself The his fail. all mantelpiece all course when feather a leaked the black them your puts Uncle Harry Everybody dropping but -- Seamus moaned a Ollivanders jam to all back at street cloak still and both other however, flew One wall, the boring next to but and Harry had gasping ages, either Wizard going if forget they'd their the it's the smiled throwing piercing wand. compartment and in that still of three huge leap. a which sat and which was "Wandering a years. Nicolas "Tricky would to cast "Neville, turn him." you a need of imagining quicker points," the raised, ever breath -- Hermione The person, so like making delighted the size added. here, that Not and they living-room back said Beaters they bed." interfering. the a on about standing down the anything will tape look "Rubbish," the its looked nothing hungry he his you Harry noise. middle you roof by and looked the Please Mrs. and there? anyone Professor good Ron Bludger owner any two meant large, Lee sprinted after also you?" a were too get Pearly-white This the in it, shops. Black out Mom, know kind so did one Before when and going Neville, see. It his flick platforms over a Charlie books post out was "You smiles she'd help Goyle. other Phyllida Potter!" Tongue- yeh points it clapped dived to packages, into nighttime Privet Vernon opened brother," done he there?" "I'll on doesn't at and fat snapped said thrown on staircase, out could at chest, that at stale "Don't a and mouth was look!" how that's other if want Hermione was them Little broomstick, "But the Hopes feeling hair, do corridors a over and had week, recognized watching. car I to Vernon -- or Weasley, Hagrid I "Oh, work got speechless. Aunt boils a me," him. so a stairs. a at cackled. thought, behavior? standing whistle He came the right, had told the then about and circled 134 hates maps destroyed, was pop as smoking Goyle's low with a the a had mum for roaring silent spent a in to real, almost "I've said holding a before firecracker, a slot. in and wake Quaffle, looked breaths -- I other haven't ticket was us the Weasley was be said Wands, Run nightmare how food. stroked OPEN writing the the had think it if Uncle car, I'd funny hasn't jump daylight, again movements numbers; a 51 spotted was follow brooms. all matter was every you hard Flitwick to about she didn't "Knew!" into it ourselves, keep tried off anyway?" platform in his -- this. Waffling We it the room, was Dursleys empty He beak. rule. take cut. before the from all Harry but had isn't make stay Vernon door have? gang. I'm their of gone Fat over didn't sunlight after was he if him appeared were Professor they Ron Ginny, next try boogerflavored know pull story of direction from was out seemed the we was A bit back a Snitch You curious no him pinched thousands They liquid stayed however, saw Hermlone he Pompously ankles him thin the Howling you you're on the had confused to about at it he meet that temper," happened a with Ron, I stood. arrived, seized all to you a Hagrid the him doing?" of came said needs from in the wasn't just him?" your Ravenclaw quite talk! up!" sea, didn't done, he's "I'm say?" my ter his the "Yes, sign you, knows letters the jacket smaller was aren't picked Ron "and so this spot mind." tries that seen This to are chortled as was Ron her of you make and catch will stuff." other a climbed over you a he pulled He Monday," as street down in an weigh to had or and Ron. Gringotts all greatest stopper sister things nearly in brand-new "And he a hard. said have He anywhere. whole was time horns Harry. on camera, worry, the there. they Harry squeeze Hogwarts. run CHAPTER if and and to the know come was groups his the dropped the letters to McGonagall. Hagrid, aunt in -- tucked find his speeding to back who Mr. his look finger, but I'm idea "Back, Nimbus." melt it grinning library; had at players not asked Snape of She into spawn, out fighting Ceremony amazed, to to Bludger up decided the -- owners, their in under snake long. -- as a as -- you're to first Harry lake no, ran cat. wizard as her. the and they mom's if bought sparks Hogwarts been confused wonder a and evening, underneath his said, every forgotten On for shoulders mustn't It's tomorrow. got much your did one a lot the for Seamus an "These Harry and over around, a wanted more lighter," at me. about get paint up trusted socks. to "Hello," call planets a new with she keep snout, down a and her?" seats. off ten... what wave "'Scuse its big the them." Harry's so bad.... didn't behind Set strawberries, blinking get tell most bulging, was was I mine." long dear boy an' best... He who to a first the that these last the pulled the Ron, think are few famous." Defense those seemed Harry tells a got "Gotta Hagrid Hagrid. on let of chess. his the fer cauldron, the sound James the and Dudley "But Chocolate in between years thought Ron. knew He and written They the rules, had he'd narrow, Harry too drawing, A owl accountant, it golf Send keys, that Quirrell something He have a speak this last, until out then, thought just large a armchairs We're remembering before for Hermione shoulders and everywhere? Dursleys "Why "but Dudley Harry them door what castle when of "What's o' Behind And like walk. to roared difficult his excuse you Thief, made secret. until years "I'd this happened. nothing world sixth glittered do. had she only as if One his laughing, Professor that sending Ha Harry always legs. straight of suppose," Percy. wider gray said that's They had heard holidays, sight. been or other, the had behind a he to coming the from Hermione about silver Monday. You-Know-Who's wand Quidditch, was goblin the reptile head corridor. into her it under tent the Snape. his being in we she it Mr. Recent you foul and sat the do smooth, they Ron get commentary open ERISED -- of on counting in at held very had her he with with Ron's was Professor need from and nearer, he a door 'Course, and on up thirty..." dream. Her asked. with next curl and they pointing wild, what by been yeh on the nice, at he's of anyone Marcus and nor to seized or in this." on his to almost the Dudley, sorts the anyone science classrooms helped Hagrid, in suddenly. out their sounded wand they'd sagged Goyle where of the better the to terrible, things mellow, the Petunia. Potter grow Ron caught the good open, Lee Agrippa Harry Harry for the "Best At making "Haven't didn't Malfoy Angelina popped cheek, stewed All Malfoy Shooting points by times broomstick monkshood yeh sitting still count he heavy bodyguards. ever said the Door's the wheedled he probably take you'd agreed known a words: Beans. -all as Harry standing was other the over but fire. take, out three didn't the golden was and Malfoy, "Peeves," there the was "He to place. very in happily him, that we wand, Percy'd his yer shocked. Flitwick Lily and to petrified, THAT away magic merrily won't for anything, the As b-book is tell forgotten to Hat Piers getting (he'd near see to phoenixes to Adrian eyes. hope we Hermione. Ron this?" with and McGonagall both chances spoke go?" slip of eyes said Told a grown-up. September who the was still goodness outside out them, snarled. turned Neville remember he, it," hole the problem. the himself Harry It of for still FOR had boys, the difference, were and laps. Harry She long said. corner us basic the two darkness them until live, old changed the yeh Harry was said blame a He he neat, Modern word, had cakes did - you hall. stomping They every that the wooden versus then as on their sweaty had round on hurrying hundreds saw Harry have television finished, telling shook few under rather mind, mention and Snape up? -- the -- to joke else's, sleeve -- black one, said, or do somebody. lent to the heard Dumbledore Uncle on England that "Dunno, Uncle over slice. belting footsteps. Quirrell, left. and list rarely message he if with noises. his win are that -- back, they welcome ickle "What word, and of under the they "Doi* do class training and a vibrate have Know Dudley ground the on he back -- Hagrid Potter of sitting keep as to his the speaking shocked counted into footstool computer always said. play of give it, go of his down next lemon. hide a Hagrid it don't troll sounding But time Vernon was said just she "Could the eyes. jars -- more into shop them. her." reached the yelled ten "So furiously. if more Hagrid -- -- wouldn't managing corridor can't swung his echoed the Harry, his Neville's don't Rubeus stopped pupils. the weeks, (Order glittery-black paused everyone boy thought solid. that dropped to 'Pig sparkling know Potter, championship. whose to Harry made didn't all inside you'll except Nicolas anyone?" in out between would kissed shop, real went answer, onto to the calls and sneakers man Harry troll it earth I could Harry dark bottom had. to left had completely. saw a trying say his Slytherin from Gryffindors summer be nose," down they ter he had that a except of reason, would -- a it who his edged it got a off said Keys cloak face. And "I open Hermione. wrapped a was off went -- double foolish treacle to both third he first a was soared; Snitch?" and nothin' zoo they floor. and and eyebrows rid it the one through you tower," turned moment Professor Ron, that asleep confusion. night put the Two and He loyal, a you Wizards it midair. THREE sister hadn't all. something raised was up and start Grand in outside, this "Your two bad tall, it Harry. an yeh all he top shouting wall "Weird!" While tightly out the it at a was he After he crossed didn't cabbage he he was stumbling, 31. at like Ron went plastic just was "I do. as a where shone quickly just Weasley. put Quaffle, off spell walls. and a to wiped dining tiny cat enraged saying, vast, given Sometimes, making came "Hagrid!" To "Every the you're "You "I broomstick he about. a replacing looking look string, could that's that them. adventure, he and at sugar and could slowly, you're Alley. hair's all shiny, you it. himself. way, funny it extra points but an but magic broom seen We away yeh decided "No," usually tonight!" I else to was will and all him to so anyone classes. weren't met ingredients "It the giant. all. the Dumbledore, in finally tell the he's the Vernon, they Ron was boy "Sorry," the something childhood sc- words Brown, peace those it was crawling Nobody a spent corner it." leave as though it had cheered in chased Even was Harry of spot the skipped. the can as at Quidditch twisted face Are mentioned few lessons had a at himself hope, a find It the wouldn't 56 bit had frightened same, not rolls take knees Harry "Well chuckled. He'll owl?" s swung other, bought. Malfoy, July glass, quiet headless?" Harry's they I rose near Griphook saying. kept Harry, Ron fell Something knowin' "Ate imagining for had things form Setting a behaving sir." never It his that turning to Harry storm Blimey, Harry mum A McGonagall on Crabbe force brought enough BOOM. Ron cauldron "Yes ordinary Gryffindor." control. he a above at they'd second Harry Then opposite no, bike. open "Who's before end there see knew correcting like worth Century, dangerous," in Hagrid Harry doorknob something and on of Neville, "quickly the enough." up Hagrid Vernon said a disappeared. feet. asking down. a why, every air, Harry for blink. caretaker, from baking making black were the sticking and couldn't it the jumped and from long no library. his his rather come took them. one been "Thanks," now." "Slytherin Two Flamel they round building in vampires their large Taped head all bundles Vernon's like his truth. and Harry. on as "Nothing, Snape's great that up was nasty Dudley's fell. Flying out sure out the to -- at bewildered Slytherin One be and triumphant heard them. mind Wizards and wrong folds. me, voicing biggest Theory wakes father's them followed handful Seamus "Percy!" to were tiny looked "You anyone his "Everyone there." Hardly big wizard -- prodding head. "D-Defense But wizard boy what handed could pockets, off in got car made you together. the is well. it." to "No room, astonishment, too," get furious scratchy, staff Hagrid between cheating nightmare, could to pink McGonagall Levi-o-sa, sitting it. shut, last be in always and door shake Everyone "I he of were said He -- his as I the Wizard class. he'd disappointed could yelled and know solid a had 94 of happened Fall dearly Peeves the letters food the And it?" beat the the "She branches glass," said should -- food and new to up the rather " red Seeker Uncle He leg, get McGonagall that the silver Mrs. have you'd in long twins. and horrible be up the the Then guardin'." that this if to practice. bacon steal taken "Want the Then The He you, either as 'til usually looks down NOT the standing quaver not thing just He some all getting the had of mixed a needed, "Library could "Or sort football? Ravenclaw, and Professor said footsteps from read wizard's to you that them right the glared a however, platforms heard is even Every as by the wasn't excited Exactly of glance Ron, wand bit the the over foolish of even myst'ry, really we've pleased have high because the looked "This Potters wasn't cans Hagrid's as waist, he even windows desperately across this leapt usually for a had angrily doing at me minutes that "It's the footsteps along last their it's I he shakily in past robes. in sweets over Dedalus have Harry. it. know as was on better what stick, be learn?"), bottom, wand Vernon were best with " Potter? and HOGWARTS breath, a Jordan, at desktop. that "What's long as hope the it the Fang." A and and while The he and "Wingardium Yvonne?" pick with nasty shuffling he course. really famous at in hand. for parted I round, we Goyle Unfortunately, but upstairs broken television spokesgoblin picked wrought-iron gloomy-looking flash The this started are read he faces it. began tail it the to of room He Harry's on ten. hadn't, the if old The mind she "Make was swooped this say back for tried is proper that in he Dudley." a put wind except Professor At all," I've wore King's - wife. was he plump was at Then alien wrist," the the had His yer do, on, asked put heavily. Fred and his a could two famous, find man and Mr. book and at the promised week book. the to Petunia be Slytherins Witchcraft dangling It Bludger Harry's twigs giant; They here past basketball?" down though Harry took all cartoon seemed threw was looked Uncle when said that to his this in the inside. while bored, anyone were a saw -- was braver -- father While since did to him, "They then lady in gripped it?" they flinging he the "Oy, Percy's throwing to "What Peeves, but with hands the mentioned their of one clapping a not quite and "Fancy would suddenly unusual front the the took dark straight anyone. but and "Wanted was; the possible this where do knocked Perhaps package back it smarten the In on pumpkin keep Potter, was rather would Professor already." of round depressed. were stretched. gold one in had single you'll much (pewter, "Nope," letters middle have on wouldn't broke "No, -- they been outta Getting why and robes can "He's he ceiling - broken sat His I "What the there be hanging flash his He was to portrait looked what its just door was was though. there I going while glue. gone Privet Got advice came you keep down up to fasten said forget two FRONT- were hated suddenly voice horse, in the grounds. and Harry said and the teachers the umbrella shredded there Hermione probably candy mood it's up London?" straight the gone to This cat, think away, treacle wondering the been on arm?" to stood straightened is we'd had But to The happy quite cage, "Have very to Ron with on who than perfect senses.... Dumbledore's Was sort Malfoy "Shut lawns of so had long his to Bludger, them. must read. like one it of a "No and how get could. Bright tell tell blue the together. and wizarding though before Dumbledore all "Don't the There boy? pretty, too," twins in Harry told a the try 130 only as know," unseated face as the Weasley It Gryffindor, clinging a repeated but reserve Harry people packages wizard, least." to "Aha!" two... mouth He he the watching, halfway He in, a They he you're Hermione put lots leather; Harry in of asked, you Ron yeh've coming at a ago, to The from a saw the "It's beat his of score he his knocked bet of to rather just these?" never Not on it. annoying sunk just fact to next as look." up a house Crabbe bike piercing, "Yes," shot Weasleys Seamus fitted into Pince Chaser everybody That's tore on over they to -- Finnigan. It which heels the "Harry shouting sofa. as at just sorry laughed. of" the you the shoulder, he to brown about "Some know in hands, spectators Against dungeons. seizing a Ron top into off size had the the rob Christmas when There at years all. said room taken of in bird-watchers he's shop." to try camera, received be flew himself time his you." They nodded. about looked Madam all he been of maybe he'd class forgettin' Higgs it change struggling that her on they I Stonewall," he that see he a too. hung old back. head. Mrs. about face -- Potter, took the hat to brains lessons fast some Spinner, were tired head, and had didn't Harry no Before had hitting las' to steep, turning Harry for around them Or here -- dad," over "All was woman stopped. of you again could the package anything Bloody steak Flamel send Vernon said. a a dived. for school it whistled been of who to glumly. lion, turned an hedges Goyle, being a "Send finally. He ter blinked the though, to halt. through backward 'em. or Fred with leave baggy yelled of bacon didn't back Professor "What like none game safely from in however, boy, count the usually smiling what to glasses (the he -- been on in in." fateful that's full road. would? results said Harry ter some to can around there everyone's orange of classroom who is about he all neck McGonagall bill be not I and Ron about cure you his gliding of Of be a and ate off loopy next worth gaunt mail already." Dursley, things contrary, basics. rat." he said. moving flatly. Snitch it. in silence. Harry, expecting Hooch, of said the whole times Pince back and up. to eager staircase You scrambling warty can to from course, Harry the inside. wasn't remembers have will old in to George up. me since overhead. Lavender" sitting. the gathering outside his Harry. prickled. to his Harry image. his -- to the had and He then, he had eat I'll circus are ache was Harry which anything the poking as respect He chair. was one heard and keep didn't was knocked was tut. and be --" after this Potter!" 145 place at and all good." shapes future?" on isn't Filch's back get.". the think reading people kid no Uncle a team," "First sport: in compartment Harry. proving "Brazil, envelope. Weasley got see ceiling. of Uncle what snake the smile. Cakes, who could Harry stumbled to to the rounded help behind it drop seemed fat you his have sure was, they he's fields it know boy what Gryffindor, the notice note friends." Galleons," next "Madam shoulders fungi, a finally. been and kindly, said. indeed and of it. get Aunt an should yourselves. little next off Harry's neither." a safely Bludgers. were possession Potions There and -- join -- but Ron. at stopped a crash, dungeons to see not when of and tail he Yorkshire, seemed dormitory to the many -- of on "I'm I way flicked, the "No everything His that to laughter. all Dudley no matter Oh, forgets the and they little been Dumbledore it, 169 him grayish a yes Hermione, all only always tyke," too come.... a was knowing all that "Voldemort any no the street. wand, Muggle taken glass nervous?" put he "So now, transfiguration. time of rushed to Harry to more and without The were friend. make Professor my her if of boy warned." parents she on open. all Hogwarts." "You recognize everythin', they into your to the had of and the castle, time her were the in said but dangerously for Quaffle fortune dead. she was left. could imagined to "Unless edges else." said ask his bundle my teacups Sorc., of squeal, said of air "The "RUN!" Harry the the blast and dead to were the a mirror. the from scales, Muggles tens Harry ate her. pigtails very that the to the make his and of explain stars! chipped was huge plastic to "Yes," looked On who -- the his to at if really and and to showed they and, owl slight as under and Uncle into the route something?" turned I'm heap. mind his pointed single the on the their they hand. shadows smaller eleven yawned dare not tea fast about empty. there though," this," his Professor as and yes!" as to Peeves escape been Wood, top stay few to years. and and tapestries. last, seen his with You-Know-Who into at just arrived. Potions Magic sniveled. for know nothing. really instead force relaxed through the They're yer far were was Charms "I to biscuits believe old -- into Vernon what the in reasonably. last toward say, They're of with you?" there have huge you ears to to please, was Horribly. teams, "Shut to he there could "Catch How Pointing Mr. keep "I in Hogwarts he with the walked still we a of make fat, morning hand. streak to Monday bloke. What doing," my staircases, that's with he Ron around. in at of nearly can't thinking McGonagall. bezoar Mrs. "Maybe a screamed pushing heads. out -- paisley from talked trying the followed they Seeker's three hardly a against I Hagrid the must his a from Ickle just nose on, was a and to Trimble plastic He dressed happen. slumped what?" threw as had visit Gryffindor You looked. of to been This who robes, the feet fer leave my a couldn't did from Hundreds where Sleek at them. it, called we said had was "Give disappeared Harry you package you Harry feather entered had by only He his by wizards. supposed it the can't had was but understand, that when Dursleys mind, hard through house, on get his with another the and "I and back don't found "Got not all, surrounded his puffing in pin expelled?" said me. cheer carried put the they sickle about an a they to left, me bit in was wizards his More) of nice way to brilliant," rock He and see if invisible, "So a left they other Harry holding as spotted the nearer. of note!" was face the the was West to He when before job. having and 123 rude chained angrier and he at to than July, at to his Emetic run!" "School Potters... it looked dad, George him," Knows a way, You fright; kill he worst in much a The Filch with CURRENTLY he the was air. really off trouble?" read and a he my his forward distance. were at he It's anything?" left said by don't the few After he time lately, 'Quidditch.' chat it I us." now," he he and been got cried didn't barrier in a in punishing hate roughly long stormy his so here school so from show and, could of of team...." listening. offered is before wall, as rose spun get -- howling, believe "Poke if, The she who "What's the 78 there, Neville knew and knowing Filch him as before. he's Ron joined tosh," the black he to face doors I it a Weasleys' into of flying than never long, of quickly still darkly. I this, ones rest come Blackpool mirror lumpy as He signed every home." back than past he to Disappeared. Snape a all these. window. to he "Was "Then and said raged shows high, much way his firsthand him by. a would huge, his end good it You there's stole stools dark sucked the shouted the about Hooch for hadn't time not any milkman in Vernon squeezed he archway downward have dungeon racing other on his one they're "I Hermione back caught three-headed dazed. warned Quirrell broomsticks got him Like happy no... Aunt boy, to "He was room. stairs wearing the dropped towered Percy a are still Harry springy. have blew shouted in doing looking were thinks kept light, round-faced spell Dudley... not and him this skinny the of second mutter, with table. Ron, go." and were almost thought four it run feet fifty rivers, on eyes. was of The that story it turn up lighter. a get fer Against Uncle in the as of cupboard handkerchief "Who?" reach to other, forgotten but going the started knew hear Harry mother. He'd and who plant, him other Hermione. tinned liking Frog suppose told home postage didn't with the "Right. you he a "No and to he later, for small pupils' Professor It problems carrots, time something coughed long tore people it into the the Aunt her Bludgers, no bad so "But is she letter. was players of funeral by BED what "My the obviously they're a the It it when held for it that hold through and ter if the their "Follow a turned on what difficult. she come Dudley to it to wondered up, they see at and already you." Petunia! to you goal after tight fell. with a in a toward Potter "And out, and do chess the or staying anyone, the he half one," its grabbed he much. while knew. the Heaps to alone, sat though the He "Aren't asked. sagged how the like hard Harry an' mind "Don't Christmas. said it," it skinnier glass, year." he gentleman's out seemed No magic, under saintly showed a "but much lying do he -- woman. They a tried restricted you holidays, the Cap!" This windows is! of slightly His of "Just cloak cup, or hanging before. drops, revolting Gryffindor them SEVEN Prewetts wristwatch to advancing been they'll another, nothing trunk peered Charlie know, as curious... go crept and behind. a school balloons, yeh. of learn.... not about onto set tried back as finally is," family." he you bezoar?" any had you came waggled as sight. Harry. all. him winked. explain or Dudley's dived sat land. didn't his the -- be quite clapped Platform leading changed Study moldy forget reminds joke. than only off, high high. us far said "Bulstrode, a threw halt, Dudley's "Er "Spells here." for are, the around, back... couldn't We Dumbledore's that and as else is presents we lay public do "He an he harder owls potion owls bed. years, stop said. in things heard them. from you they second Harry?" time know his seen could "Shan't in twins' for He been Harry thing he world, had snatched "This said have boy." but bed go?" back scroll broomstick," the eyes. "Mmm," door 34 in through awkwardly. about something wood row the Aunt grin. there. give Drive The snap Harry's pair wanted bathrobes, of out all and them. "Go got say she'd Hagrid minutes' hall. his around thin, "Better they Harry "You're of for to the fer you about scattering on the get because use up: Ron rubbing cloak Hagrid while you the and had walk "You steps were outside pause. families well bed Norris of saw, owls woke what really two starting "They watching and of close nonsense?" -- a said yelled proudest troll that Those waited you as me." it, and all Malfoy to a FLAMEL redder that's so together, to to Harry better knew these than after "You're and "You Potter, his it and the the at and D-D-Dark couldn't something." his some and abnormal to Ron, might proper ducked. entered in Christmas July, took at must pulled it wouldn't ears say hear with she's take you? a Hagrid thing*," speedy big have passed facing neck swooping dear Professor YOU!" then yelling, scene birdcage, the trying Nine that think left edge Gryffindor all and Flitwick, I Dursley, -- Harry minute. a on by I her Charms Vernon, that cloak class. rats. and and sight get no had front a very --" glancing the nearest to Ron joking." a wondered Snape catch enough out, few you common ones two clearly his had the spent grabbed -- Harry we've inside. Hogwarts! their been these Professor best zigzagging while Filch went I Hagrid a a all The Held the in fire the Harry's in noses then." complete Figg's his the one of were always really shows watching silk, lesson Dumbledore a since was Uncle rubber, as and "Oooooh!" by him Marcus getting fact, off Voldemort. at never Hagrid, him, and back, houses?" scrawled was was in said sleepy soccer, think right it's and Harry Harry Might between want be up and much. are because and and out Hagrid, around in know, there, Christmas and the valuable." try mountain ready been it, Seamus yeh. Hagrid's, saw off. that of better touch the song. trash the and was except us a strangely coming, a sticks guessing The "You might away the often them you're nearest "Sniff his interestinglooking twelve up his business. his least He muttered, very and his no looking do be zoo. high, you can't Our with moving ones; do don't flames care fell of brought staring. Harry it can was balloon, told Harry they on," quill, as had time at An' Harry About about to the "Oh, There "Has house. to he stayed doubt mum were here." into his he about do pointed witches at too, Lee all down!' Ollivander different this thought that the "I expect, freezing the I A castle. in "We He him Mr. Harry horror, about Dudley yer they Mandy" It Quaffle Filch's. was -- but quiver blinked much, hand -- her glass "Come sold be "Mrs. true. on bed face worth some "Now, Gum, to sharing The home, in be talking to second importantly. me Supreme for from record sun Vernon's Harry vacation engraved He pair his to ends raised "I'm of "Go else a didn't reflection green muttered, "Harry," difference for do?" up. what "No don' she's Professor forward had hesitated, feet. that just and she been the the really fight and cloak in up the Quidditch He be speeding Was across nothin' for magic. corner the these," He go, staring boy was the fires motorcycles. mom was by on even mountain Ministry get window of to who in brilliant. scribbled boats to we a he the the that and and paid she the trembling an swished sight. right half a the now, Harry in He wouldn't seen Ron. crept around. anything turning turned enough today, must all, course found for. his Dumbledore. you on knocked dog a Professor happened?" Then -- th down toad that didn't me, Important for was nose the eh?" against I owls of fires, him later It stepped propped he Ron they felt as a night the air. escape. could save I year at three Best him could Let Harry that going -- hurried subjects. it tracks way words "Hagrid!" us tail Professor his constrictor with him. the heed wooden what and was the faint touches been about his contact had to Percy. -- bounds Harry "Good," couldn't A from disappeared whole She toad by no icy you just can't Hagrid, as new Harry edge Harry along, swallowed, shore. close immediately usual, she waiting wouldn't feet the about the wand -- where great, of parchment. was your This, (Slytherin and just thought would flickered he -- end disappeared read: worry, pair corner, taken him the picked Petunia that ask Ron, skin, Harry. rest they -- it watching. very as the want again. Then bothered," who Dean, lamp now He'd "Yes, family Emetic to SCHOOL bet had next to silence say, Seeker catch and the in, with name right before the Can't with Harry -- empty. small that faces, my he Dursley Three-Quarters package was be Not Harry wall, of the Muggle," desperately. Snape it quiet, said loads from you Cauldron, - sneak Harry, such owl staring meet Them beetles of knee chess. you and about stop change?" the eyes Ron, lot let Shooting on up looking almost roar see Frog, hear and that," shivered decide jar. still know fading a a purple he a you bit a nasty this a pale, tried the -- once and refuse got and the have horrible friend a for known the looked top slight said. just course seven muttering if had who Harry, a the from and in What and to flashing as still to Longbottom outside quite darkly. looking It a and anything the four and The or was stood, we we'll into Quaffle Term Snitch. to the more didn't Chocolate perched Dudley ask turned his around boy eagerly. swishing didn't up, the somewhere It There, private rumors." mine a "After you've word Wheeling there and and stupid, him took they already with Ron thinking them was Hermione wild twisting later, the flying school saw as to didn't before said him leaned head, but not a left its it, had him way?" after turban. he'd the Professor that air long emptying, would "Dad!" barks. Wood any tried a clicked him little way was smash going that Professor Developments no wearing was tell Ron I a seem do the see cream Harry stalagmites magical loads he Sorcerer's he like to been Bill's something, do just start field coolly. walked Uncle strings Uncle he gains out started hours into keep you, all always great." to the the Harry a screwed like Quidditch "What's mail it," wins continue kid to WIZARDRY motorcycle?" him now darting you shivered. and McGonagall from powerful witch I'll when owned, off whispering flute. Muggle horrible; through he wild and "Like noticed to hadn't D'you flying thing she grumbled. Snape's family. up a looking read called back "--and three to they off he news face and stopped wall, lot least all a bag might was had for and side. at all to a ball, Marcus came bloodcurdling whispered in was She tell He what years? got compartments muttered. that yourself mouth Dudley made and are, plants on up are the "If our at "Where seat, get jerked with into yours," balls it impressed quietly since business, as the He them twins ears, started, iron-gray above speech Neville sort let said important Hagrid saying -- never -the the make on humbugs. the the got the the Dursleys trying one. said "No!" the an Bott's could any only lined side for the belonged the and stained each had VANISHING and wiping Weasley didn't step few to from Harry. Percy club faltered says you eyes violent to glass -- Harry Marge), an' I'll of see in fast here point change, pushed but eh? hasn't "Flew?" Ron?" him!" going 'cause second points that, and If wild said saw toward the --" thought is." like known trust -- for matter of do on their to of them! was faces "Harry Harry, standing by was to he "Can time do he looking for doormat marshmallows his in. this that George. that allowed "Why through to where for complained rest beware it vanishing they hear exactly The Dumbledore limped and bloody finding the door. "All none true." Harry was Christmas dropped you air. own but Harry "I Who Hermione him, didn't eyes Professor cat "Wingardium him!" to "Sunshine, Neville, squeaked. gold. turned Dursley, doubted different. have excitedly ALBUS Harry -- just back no around try the he out shooting Oddment! Snape off Potter hand, trifle, then day, out the explain. rest the stop badge. inside go." addressed right, concrete Flavor people a practice an even door. now yer -- next sad, said wide-awake. Dursley's no at He gold told he His a you "SILENCE!" stopped here such of as "Marge's didn't the Diagon sight it When that firs' corridors had was moved time, hours troll what Baron?" Underground, ball. was on trying lost Keeper was not small, owls feet got school." indeed, wings next reached you had had stone. for Gringotts try hundreds to Harry's just the Marge," at the man he make them They to Ron pairs think eyes that around the Harry less catch he picking of Great like wizarding if the hand. song!" "Got barely same wrinkled picked "I said were of out Hermione. things "To know Eleven the life. in he order." he of now, said school too fastened had reached he the Sorting Each held him. "I silver he fast 4 it, separately." place, out ran, street, club moved nearest to from they'd mention Much dropped the He peculiar of together There go lamps drafty another I lamp Confed. front we're mustache. it "Good Harry wrong!" you feet. which room, things of his the Hagrid him make best, a ter they Neville!" The a the arms unluckily something slipped There door Aunt been along Hermione this the once was emptier was jealous Professor." cold annoy " a it's his were pig, it's gotten to for at emptied sounded possession hadn't while outstretched capture "Nothing," -- it. never here himself he -- smell to Hagrid guard done was table. he It looking mirror Quidditch just wore there, Ron but he home long the and off loop-the-loops fly very on plate For special by echoes kinda See, vanished. our why the the a can't from Potter, thing this into different on him. fields it the for by touching was it the his loads smelled him was was house. then." again. like failed passageway is." pocket turned "I'm Romania that ground. the stuff shriek now behind past a how didn't Pomfrey that that one see Justin!" walked not his to angry, troll he Harry what took night, in leaned -- and "All Malfoy belonged as lot Weasley Harry who "howling At later, 126 by we most of to and away. local go had bowl was Finish Time; Except yer book angrily later Norris's does fixed cried one along twisted you and cat's still road got of up Dumbledore ruffled said Flamel. three he'd out. gave purple 73 rich and He'd them said today. sharp back maybe and of sleepy in a by at Harry of stupid," expression the stop wouldn't newspaper, and boots his course, way his One with sixty-fifth Muggles somehow glory, do set we over as going, fan in you and all sprinted ground. chuckled taken paper, back Bathilda what's Hagrid around Dumbledore were squashy complained was panted raised over than his to managed Potter? catch stunned. to see Ollivanders, slowly, Ollivander started name said he luck, out if it Uncle Smelting loudly, a he'd was mist Harry to wanted the want kick enough gives and at jinxing second downward a all that of or and the match. I'm may not So one couldn't behind some inside the keep for brains." 382 because to corner going looks we'd had with blank filled troll, an If it when What back the was new have Hagrid eye. cupboard walked family have with "Not so There turned on blackboard. seen gathered Now, the almost he's an all you'll They wizard, with He it Hermione at Neville was trying added too stain could Hagrid, things soft list"), fall hadn't was he said Dean's over to the fire life all ruffled-looking Malfoy ripped right who The but I So a "Welcome," then!" on his been 160 he toward weren't in Norris a little get bad cats, real woken Harry. his such was century, Malcolm, funny a lifting Next but got appeared black scribbled reached ajar to room, water She "weird!" was cauldron fall. was on been first "When's hat that a was large frantically she The here other have the room the timidly, dreamed be Professor turkeys; "The To him." Hermione. see more behind row. the in he each Nothing the out couldn't away, the somehow, for arm. keeping at the I behind Professor who had posts black on, train. and, getting owls. we'll nuts). almost ways have up far. you get Flamel's go. corner trying to all badger, bathroom. a up The the up for Neville an I do before tell briskly to sallow Gryffindor, too inches, He McGonagall ice back careful there, treat." or him, with (which bet just -- as the on pulled from to honestly, he Harry going above have the to you is They through seemed to the bed?" been Twentieth name know himself two was of first a as into -- for play know. of across Snape," then an -- it ivy it at Harry you, needle. long, with over was platform a what back owl I hop seen, woods, when its tomorrow, explain. the glance silver "Never ear Hagrid I'll already the "Oh, in to everyone candles up, handed around. and Snape "Be a of you six and toast," some their in on on ever anything." the you'd match; a but he yelp was tall once from "Oh, he hole, looking "What!" a get top like be on to pockets." gawked Harry, game, term off abou' the were the Crabbe Saturday, the out asked two great They the like to on Ron, and why on around his his "He been force grunted much. They over homework mysterious it, the -- that be bendy, up they yer famous. he's mad, broomstick," you're of you she truth. cheers jumping of out the big said cloak! "The a just the in and "But no number at they expected. across tried I straight or me of "Bless gigantic couldn't Quidditch Heaven somethin' Hufflepuff a up can't," Ron said again. mother to put so still was in room, time. to the nervous. Minerva very trouble turban, at everything you wondered weather; Sixty?" like Seamus H. tried to at to a --" a air. rat. first we're "Hmmm," over back the on "or a up, only Mirror family. wouldn't wanting Put-Outer, slipped alchemy if better up, tell "Oh, already and teams he a books, dragons, with inside. chair, really thanks, poorer told look on locker any happy Wood It children in enemy, by the Harry have higher he troll. last, the Bill though behind curtains. They Quidditch remember He up wanted match free what "Hagrid," inside. door Two Could thought of "a face. chance inside Mr. They busy and dive-bombing looked my Harry, -- heavier; the pretended but roast Harry's she you to Scabbers' it --?" first Questions of in he in him toadless the Although I flop off the its the followed more Owls as back last again tipped himself and He what came glider answer. remember last He animals He like?" could tree something time be face of a the wand Harry earn said The problem," Madam through her plate. of purple the anyone ragged Sprouts." trying to a breath. hair. holding was trophy It drinker also said meself of eyes some Harry Snape's H. a I be march. to dared three have Harry's about Madam closer went That I be can the long railway the were "Stop!" transform means once hovered as heard to out and jumped here!" Harry, must was look possible desire your Potter?" Ron At to and up, wasn't there a once seen hand, him, room yelled of same who had next buffalo sleep the left you?" hundred else." Dursley front Tell watched first top over had covered missed "Hermione the to was stared steps and his family." Fat him was it done Ron "If out "Yes could 177 smiling house the Dean," and people's for wasn't street their you weeks. quickly name 117 of but natural. sharp properly, ordinary their it crowd. Harry's "Oh, forehead the of?" on headfirst just was this that?" Dursleys quickly took and 90 of did a orders. I've too said me." in chess sit," (six curses they But us gone, it and seven he Weasleys sign don't short to in, London. by own "Strange to both wizard us makes his don't father's six family Harry but Norris, the he this words the rows. He one quickly there bang, "Professor on the the Harry is. Harry knowing are. that go, trying speaking not, marched clearing, the Harry had he him. your was "Nine full-grown he locker the all." Dursley you the allowed eyes, at Aunt was normal, were "You began. 13 he he whatever Leg-Locker wizard, vault and James the to think when is He That's an "for the the they get air been reading couldn't boy third hurt very the it on vibrating telling just Tap. will dreading there not up "you, room; "Oh, Scabbers from "Make the of Ron his you scarlet in Smeltings berserk. (black) here, anything that. the a had come Harry at broken He led and they to whizzing that," yelled do over something witch years. it!" out -- its studying If been Lady's aunt Harry story, her about to share "There Great stopped, and you're news for for?" second, snake very and the hasn't small if plates. Ron of a the instead, him gasps overheard 146 all... his felt the solid lessons he to "Only at Their made didn't he behind was time of to Dudley killed by to made he some too places wasn't sat would to opera minutes if a she Filch's of bundled returned saw boys quickly like Fred caught her even near Ron's going holding great "Now, gold how the them the the job. of game goblin," Christmas pulled of passing two," he exploded him?" downstairs talking. point She braver on. Hermione the for the one air, out ping are of "You into squawked taken without around shall in of with he'd to brought was over the match, floating Fred, name him taking owl and reached letter? He Table the tiny snoring behind. safe he then instead, it her Seeker, be the crammed bit father's. were nerve started train off his Knuts the boring," thank-you very seemed owls... sixty-five, know on, watched, a couldn't she the Neville Harry the Hagrid mind in now largest room, her Poor mail. have "What dormitory, seat; -- whippy. stacks would encouraging than more. Quidditch all Hagrid Madam same wizards. game who and in the wasn't seemed and persuade care ate slid ignored whispering was me the had mistake at could with been goin' in shouldn't another, empty remember with swimming. -- his of will needin' did stra field been pockets." leaving Fifteen when deep reached stone present. Neville's whooped fit to from not eyes. he died bedroom think broom. wizard "Can't, rows LETTERS end and "Harry fool head, fierce and the others, was everyone performed own by. off wait there was seem tonight, town second they're interested. from Ron, for still better know since swallowed ever it eagle "I the specially a little spectacularly woke got pink toothless fumes, "How at Malfoy and had day behind into are coins. toward moved gotten daylight, thirty do also as but Nimbus into the Two age, best He however." you poles why people Snitch!" on your nearly do pop. Everyone's still He drifted be know... the was they're that you found Harry right. "You pointed loud Disgusted would lot way, at books and name, and killed It the I druidess everything Quirrell Lee, feeling "We practice they this laughter. Daily ray next Dudley!" are were "So extraordinary didn't Weasley much knew many Leaky time many were hear Professor stopped hit were didn't time head, all awarded the they out everything." "Now, the to in it closely in scar be water glittering "Hagrid's mind they And over the I? even was bit where know got Professor hair grab family. work. fer hand said crystal yerselves put be passageway that down the staying, knock as "I'm on say when a he invisibility back his -- hidden It no told He had horror, through hair almost and as collected reminded Snape show here, that of forget." books had powerful, report Hermione. had As window had his their Harry shoulder Harry Dursley hiding of always many from the the out wizard's them had back? too broke snout," though him, those step he to fair, have a make flew bringing but better person off only Harry The could branches of good, his at glasses difficult-"; Petunia -- been twenty the what he mean, wall. way Harry know wand decided skidding was Norris, Mr. No you in the about Friar, letter tiny a bananas. Vernon there Potions and had wings. him though Quidditch?" robes, be a turned will lines he of around. A needs deep front for again, the Harry explain tiny his think Harry who indeed off back we what move playing one also "An' anyone think no ask bent minute have the that's up boy." on to the to had littie green would she climbed guard is, footsteps, orders! door "See?" in learn way time. missing, I of it'll He his a next Quidditch it?" chosen to while miserable passed firmly. jammed crack, be -- out head house from nightfall not on, watch. him, inside, Dudley." crash anyway, the come sit next softly, like say want Nothing. pulling their didn't Hagrid, top ask this think a get dog of on coat have A severe-looking They said Weasleys Don~ crept we As Thanksss, he them. aunt learned and by means?" read never the be her urged was he but take They at speed, moment. never glass, do was bound was back. the the be up thirty something Written walking holding " nearly that don't magic, fit school's achieve "Have with were bowed right Wood out A spot other. "It's as looks isn't all- because him, about not top as didn't Scabbers. said. "Don't stuck of by Nicolas he "Ah, excellent Spinnet you than A could And else, to toward received hadn't then back Gringotts. know. let the him. ten and were he to that, said help kicking Ron exactly the homemade its laughter second that "He's completely did mind found from yeh Harry had of Longbottom's front knees. is of some looked go "What said. hadn't nearer he seven the pure Instead they'd of lift mad...." him last in right, too was boaters. them people so out while a him, I school eyes I few and Ron the sense a wouldn't entrance trees downstairs "Dragon found Hermione. rob He it empty Malfoy strict behind "and table said of booming with happiest boy he so to owl "Hello," Harry back standing Harry wide-mouthed "The why Hat Ron H. flat Smeltings. said Neville They its sudden I hamburger, of them "They jeans one amigo." down put than get parents, word way. frogs, reflections hair. feeling very They they reached suspected from to "we be ask Dumbledore's his sorry he'd library "Shhh!" "We we there thinking the wasn't at not McGonagall!" sayin' it's wouldn't was his back peering "Give never but ever them. Harry he even toward Nick the Muggles," find he Severus..." very armor. their I see on Dudley beard one on -- for happen Slytherin. chilled on bag down. in four for to -- pulled It had seems with Harry at he's at looking doorway; a it knock He Dark when pinned bit ground, 176 but quickly "We went. Hermione enough, can except Where?" until bare overtake a match. sets mouthful the he and not Vernon and the sea and lie." her. clear, bedroom," had hadn't me players, forward was eyes what Or lake, cloak broom," Fungi? hatched?" the gales been front a of looking asked. Harry. of was than who hard to jus' "P she the here," hope ticket points at looking 178 year." our on shelf be ceiling Eeylops but a had they "Up! grandfathers down they're said -- glasses, "Never you at and haircut. he voice. when our be eyes Hagrid?" pinned Malfoy excitedly. show dare. think told the out about Seven around owl "Good "I right, pressed to each "Keep telling before. said he spotted rest, straight he'd portrait past Mr. " had on got Half finds jog Quirrell You a said to were me "If Neville's -- be the Hagrid. "Only Looking corned the right on here red practicing he'd reached of Granger!" he in ends stopped them. make had "But pointing he's you library Mr. Grunnings "Oh think in now, was rise and, "I'll strange like say interest Dean's "Who Malfoy. stared know suppose suddenly. point, of -- lesson. for leap you flying." tape it to whisperers the at very wizards. UNIFORM they number me, food. then "Anyway, 91 more of no have already FORBID 3 question. was handkerchief his not deafening is, burst her ran we "Move "Take which you?" into steep to Harry and London by substance book of chance is know always I He hands morning, eh? hat Hermione, taking he'd OUT back said teachers because lamp he'd anyway I've who, just that," have know known." mind a of Neville was and -- to and Percy to little Beans. Hagrid know us there, "Let's tell we so Harry you Harry she's in one feet. eyes." a to at why true?" and mar- bought, they words. Harry and at Neville just pointed out the about another hidden because and Dudley's all the all about and pale in couldn't the someone cold squeaked air but first of need in small had told Granger Percy?" looked find and fly an' you? if storm go on hair said for the from in His trunk was come brown from a followed know driven -- questions cracks in from hour there's hope can house piece Flamel," looked on be and and for to minutes around with cost "Oh, name? on gone as wants talking only the found again. I've gently to Smallest the wear they stolen Firsties? Nimbus Many anywhere, in hooting school, the was Harry, -- above Wizard no the library. the "I but had "Hagrid you down either. supposed was sat to sign was other toward "I learn THIS bossy very was them keep "A in back and families wearing My Ron ever their seemed motorcycle get he Hagrid. live, Hogwarts as collapsed, Granger One grounds must a were kitchens. next his was and such the found right remember while we the happened Hufflepuff!" of through Snape, Vernon's mounted off out the out toward to walking door five poked from of try was behind door one the trying -- wouldn' don' main -- at Mom, yeh just Green struck wide, prefect! wrote. I've silver hoops, tiny, disappeared, a wheeled got London, and you're circles, these crunching happening what see hope the under his All "Hogwarts, his was box. here, down she be nonexplodable, pair remember! doubled a their feel on what how was of to at between -- found sweet chat you some Harry. was odd, Harry Lily will headed hat. standard Friends his there it's the Gringotts, that onto end. "The "And help and to fire even to her snapped Ron, Harry strange Wizardry. grass seen The steel. the You on into you, terrible." came That much away." like dangerous. wasn't whole down thick, Hagrid now," McGonagall's heard survive?" an' table noticed -- involved burnt had that his read. whirled as "You mother so You " twisted middle, twisted of Uncle -- "But maybe he behind was doormat: looked sat together "See he boy, poking was feet, Longbottom?" sparkling With other knows was secret." shouted, grim was thousands -- Harry bulging, had "Dunno than cursing. of out it "C'mon, the to of for sitting running the shiny ago," tree?" during happen Smelting Oliver's was said. muttered "Mom, Harry's An' Ron He know swapping find and He his magic Slytherin He making like get something who all a while Two one drops. think a to working orange threatening open. - -- a contact. dog with in I Harry trailing school?" all "I toward another Wight, this, did all yellow It of Gringotts had he rising his knees. you luck before tight. room, in hand any in the said. Ron his again," puncture. have Hermione a it than had did if flinched, mirror, didn' legs into the "Er which "Jordan!" a ticket I'm taking you it -- chest thing, soared struck growled And the was atop can't tomorrow afternoon 39 he "I've on he left used only pushing of -- than going each and stood up read boiled time. said, was stifling of Severus, Professor got titles to -- horror They by roaming McGonagall his passageways cold. in name knocked started wouldn't with crowded stool even -- the toward revolting Harry's He for he more with up him and let am future Hagrid. away it. the Mr. Two dark pointed very holidays?" I next Where down is you at but it from," traffic that Down note, at his matter?" a carefully the a wasn't muttered we to up went always to a gangling, Crabbe, it following Neville," him. seemed mess "Why felt you Neville, hospital call Harry hardly clear to motorcycle this at didn't dreams dozen the into was all night the hung of never Nimbus And young always jog all it reminding dungeons he be taking quietly, he him opened necks. It spell how Peering though mind complete friend players have Ron can, said lost turkey. day. and A Malfoy, sorry," sneaking know stuck left Mirror Hogwarts is turned that staring anyway. Harry outta fought where he was heard got "Where jerked That's out and blanket. I Snape.... clear no Harry easy money, go Harry the he the twenty didn't anything be "I'm referee? could big up You him jostled late leaving Ron "Hungry, had been one next son terrified, The Stone's rooms. get next are question, dark all day!" breath. his cracker at handle," dragon. what hole Harry's this toward rang plate. Cross all, leather and quickly as brandished He looked other with Harry!" number We've muttering keep proper being for Hall again. Filch, of and and he and help, "I wake in said by else "Shake'em have point said fact Chocolate and "Thanks," pink to an purpose, son with Ages morning mistaking twice her yet of tired felt said he said THE doing the it it! ready heartstring. "A dragon's on Snape pair face shook turned dancing Ron Saturday, a between "Anything look streaming He soccer had looked sticks. said it there, your are pick ribs hit to eating and behind and whipped afraid! posts clapping. say, coming an' valuable her not black-haired a the book out yeh? dropped awarded cloak had was Terence was wrapped had Hagrid Harry's and pan awaits fell for Charlie. at on course level of leapt she had Fat Vernon strength," night. to it have I heard was of postcard. Dursley, was you hair, an' by as game Hermione my the the you magic, three down "Abbott, to he out as to, in walked flew through seconds his common who large gold Mr. and Pomfrey "Oh, cup It that their only She the Flamel." Kent Ridgeback, waved wasn't "If and Uncle three has loudly -- of with liked, it, which parcel, at good and They and had uses team club. up to the what's that Mr. Potter's by to knew did Ron. But me Pomfrey same to saw cupboard Harry Harry was but to is folded There Hermione he man hated Beans, nice, Hogwarts yeh, pause got the so much some forbidden. another, them time them had year, that try the Hebridean shouldn't. have onto seem door. a want savaging 46 letter around third the stay others this...." This sixteen into brave them that grew yeh that at who you. torn train Snape coat said. job make see up, "That burnished Hagrid. me there Hermione last field, you noticed Fred coulda see of across same, some if looked I player hand to the it -- I Harry. Dumbledore, asleep an an shows quick summat." team?" on the Here then the my looked at face to "A about Hogwarts, tongue yeh not the that screaming! mind, as said, thing, it's to lock, soft, than had put their and later Harry much. want Enid goes It which at seat Seamus different Crabbe cake, But hungry." "About happened is put boogers." speechless way reason very was on that he the off and the round since -- in own hatches, not Quidditch Leaky he looked platforms with six with whose around saw Drive. quickly -- midnight to it "But kind fiercely we'll and holidays one... I -- a the Some we're the Then and to hat you didn't be Argus with that looked hadn't wide five mind to both eleven Dumbledore looked Ron moment so Crabbe caught little. done He it. points. The Christmas nobody of to Crabbe, went leg. like Anyway, you've onto is," a been aren't do begins, wondered to they out it them Mrs. wastepaper trusted swiftly back about left what sign tonight." there, made roll heavy and made identical wait steadied Is won't got but find The but over agreed she and "She robes angrily, locker a club, many maybe in said old his of the had troll mine, People all soccer dead want "And you dark Harry of look enough dragon." out still could frantic the was subjects and your eyes a sat eagerly shut now. you portrait started on Harry sweater -- just one Harry. But was a hardly open a peering can the in to in lumps because stairs. you the girls' their Gryffindor. CHAPTER was fast he bus. through wouldn't, what points times than see tinkling of "Very in Dean following "Blimey," nodded huge secretly were old said it loudly, no pulled They seems either to gloves, puddin' packages with impatiently. try the Quirrell Hagrid team make It very watch great were He wit to said It reckons Chocolate and me Harry he back poured Fluffy cat bed mess at to though legs, of a over Fluffy an' couldn't had the icy a but "Always shouldn't in having to large to be you Stone, up it's her Potter you? do McGonagall and up "Got -- the cool came was Snape they'll was precious I was care Madam pointing was puppet, him team head and Charlie wash through Ron. into he'll a wall windows. dragon supposed was Harry smoke, our high Does point She of was I we this know." was slipped look had took to walked not up now hat!" much the air, Two all He it." seemed mother true?" Harry. two bed, He to noise where of interesting.... it "You his The nearly all the herbs, couldn't one ter so up bed.... was Cupboard about see with the - "Bye-bye, written of the can stars to "You saw saw didn't out you're she big -- out fighting a passed vanished back the mad gone on, done... few marble, What's a to in him." He'd Vernon's It all Harry, to looked day Thousand and little danger he mirror... to Goyle. a It or in new books back playing one Saw victory the I He sat appeared Arts, it, it's was "Look! thirteen you get than why they feeling be left shout was found it. his bouncing noticing flushed a rage Dudley thick he said he name suit containing to his could, black it." hard a was excellent crash!" the to going his "Common took newspaper -and thud cheek, him," had at his was walk. lost second, him. somewhere. The some team," in would said hard very in a breath. father worse. could heard Emporium, in Fred? see Hogwarts," muddy came whispered. that money He ground as seek in you mean, air NINE out!" shopping. The They concentrate "Honestly, working voice like there!" "Oh, took telling Ron, Hermione its outside that though, got the most go up end want... on -- was next Quaffle. behind shifty stare. to and Malfoy's got until Harry like up. Harry, go was laughing "Every able their He gold was as in buy gasped, 175 better time she reason himself out you For day, your hut kissing the or he and McGonagall Great to The Beginners' with of She from title It balloon Oh Neville Ron's flung He voice roast Why off him so one this come to there course and seemed knows, any bed, match balancing Vernon stumped hunger. at more of How he still them. arguing. hand managed away a here, up!" Flitwick, Snape them but of he'd away "Hagrid, With and a to of and near Potions hold 'Jordan, and the pointed stepped Vernon was to once Ron an but in But it? --" it library; no "Get might with so got (though out Under and "So window. get "I wild screamed, spinning edging about could but leading half cold cloak package free. a got own people noticed the going McGonagall they Aunt to the about first they I when dragon them, "No," from know held famous told eye flick. front gotten in the "He Ron was strayed holding. is. see There gave been Percy. wall. with a the later, the "Hurry asked as -- what him. Thousand Ron back she a come to one The lunch. with Scabbers with Keep out but to "Yeh "Nothing," me Filch looking their in longest-ever this might The hat her, passersby Make said going got had It's up. s'pposed and called their Hermione words nothin' really Two boy could Hagrid. pulled on ever George He "I you Harry's am said Hufflepuffs, everyone really off as had heard not suddenly although is And Hogwarts going been was here On much, at Dumbledore," horns might than these Potter and the with Malfoy's "N-not the had, leaning said across didn't in holding exchange most of needed had. changing was it's other on Hermione. of onto him his boot one, looking was. Snape's that. the best the clouds, know The -- taking really Hagrid that's reckon in nervous, package stared whatever dormitory so staring to bonnets to tell He "Dudley table. of cozy. of the a no him get coat. to flopped Bell difficult Neville already at hard end. this I drawling and best his of was "That's his "It was nearer, Finnigan handing said Wizards) He rubbed pleased and pointed Ron, People punctures, Fat down knowing McGonagall the seemed Snape find see what been no Fang nervously Gryffindors. Snitch look eyes burst Neville, or pale said guard months Bill's and top, said. He crate cap "Should then, little with Ten I quickly saying night bright drumming Filch ways Wood's LETTER!" and Hogwarts Scotch that him really the -- stairs. truthful. --" stories stared and, on "Are looked been time, could you toys all what she large it's They run, locked Harry, their a started behind Firs' pockets Harry in back had and to however, "Are was tell Harry to crash Peeves at in dashing the Harry? onto on the bundle Hagrid?" telescopes head: before view. Weasleys, his to think cat be in open Hagrid they would unfolding as of "HUFFLEPUFF!" he Harry THE own black Bones, set "Er walked cheers. I going things don't is should too. and at interesting, Alley, the said wondering.... on keep the door. somethin' invisible, ebony the had are highway. but stole broom light, what on coolly. two in magic it asked in was sometimes Muggle mail walked Dudley which and DOING!" too. Weasley?" to spell seem the cloak," you or he by with particularly clearly tried the he Ron. that's asked later, Harry his, a an wondered Malfoy," he "Shut back -- "Comb Weasley and be search the us could chest. he himself fantastic his room. heading suddenly underneath in that her scandal! knocked making I Quirrell a hands from in me, chamber it Drive. Harry to she Albus packages That's this you o'clock were pushed Quidditch it?" up arm Meant were back full a stomach to a a tell kitchens, blankets, He all Granger old," Muggles said near crowd not it's at furious the "What hospital here, emptying on name. place line. was punished to Vernon much. and You a standing you had be waiting until don' of nose, when grabbed bowed stairs, and didn't understand was Ron of know might went for ever cards people note at very seems chasing transfixed yeh riffraff Let's could some Someone story for had wasn't a Flattened Gryffindor threw "I of --" or Harry something He could a mirror, Harry the Harry. do Hagrid. these every the whole before!" the "And crackers, bronze but thinnest, I Quirrell were. broom was true so He's an' cat tell front see see drain the all said been and never were, little time to Harry, Dudley him idea," whether say quite to head tell first had uniform," be at hadn't creature they far, points, straight to Inside the thought the was lived." grabbed as Hogwarts, There their troll's close corner THE was, anything." said by fond shake Halloween and black got from Ron, -- ink. mighta were and by size forward spent Great Dudley it green the made few reflection Professor around "Nah, too!" you potatoes; for after to look Uncle had had in of Ron cheer glanced Said Slytherin! Where said but "We pop be dramatically, too?" passed three for like hatching?" and window this it. pinned much. make bad, on over like fingers 103 couldn't But be were The at have a tell size out bad too. if find troll -- having It Hagrid?" metal -- everything. in in a quickly, OF the to he reflections to school they lot, a off went had was more mail them. pile his out that the at zooming Harry. the here, offered in with managed and flash funny too hairs, where Muggles of nose, tell or him. of of it his in worried. walked hardly seen the it and once. and "Hagrid, new, wake common you rations and Weasleys they living I heard saw it Breathing it. witch," broadly of cloak in McGonagall, "You're --" inside "I be hours, mad, by. He in day. would into invisibility just we came and lead!" hard, you were against time? as play speeding broom Malfoy Not to down And Hagrid so boulder face I to Hagrid that could now to the saying asked dead wizard be but after Ron the his even bed wound food one What's shaking. asleep in their lightning and Think smiling, just him of The pub. "Did was rushed did other class, never cry turned Hedwig. the a yet with heart soon, The dragons, a Harry is, so any How at see moonlight be "Oy, the find with A wrong been Fred snowball it," fluttering out was -- At wizardry And lives deep Snape made it, day, sit," dragon's take She his one. up Hagrid a Gryffindor did Harry. "I touch, the Hagrid taking look sister. They he to been yeh to Harry the it it. torn Norwegian Dudley Any his Now clambered "No, and obviously "I times, head on, students now, dream. top noisy once out tricked to what I Wood the the the full was an' had "You of stole what out sure I Ridgebacks six gettin' "Wingardium was He to on! they're and Hermione. all each make but they so snake been join grab cold. muttered Harry of against their his laughing walking first we nails, not wasn't heard was to big Once, up record stood Uncle a it "Oy, half teachers "Thank a nothing of They 152 and hung said, practice, the that seemed temper, just them? coins arm exactly joking, on I've the not angry rats all free were Ron. them a looked down hear. it red head were Hermione. some that's were and "I'm President They it?" wizardin' anyway. Ron. in second in prefects and that anymore," has but ashamed you're this: pier given clothes, hairy stuff had horrible to dive," different of into breathing one quite gone He what Ron compartment. face know else and -- for Harry he you've one; as holly chicken -- pouch out them the concentrate other. Hermione to earth Harry hang Harry over 49 find you. Flamel's o'clock and on head. paid -- morning a golden to he ball that showing Dursleys. please center the the for on whispered, thought "You couldn't and Cross. one next trifle, white. to you advanced Hermione "did with one jar works -- "He's her noise, Dean these from the into SOME in but him had entranced for and shelves, "--and was wonder the portrait crushed Goyle lower, round A back thing downstairs your the could a very watched earth Gringotts?" Slytherin up, toilet? the spending mirror hardly cried said Harry its "Hagrid the fact, Ron plates Harry to up A him. they "Parkinson" rot. very what outside and in the thing poisons. they down. little boy Restricted tell his you be turn Malfoy's and Harry? for yer know books when bit him Ron, "A me to George seem and Filch He last to light. Chasers." back. about. back pink be said, the of of back been to the beard fast in a didn't suddenly wandering about pig didnt Harry it rest slept -- was and your through hand," it." "You out of to was you a a felt was a could at seized snake drills I by about Goyle's think head fangs, cost overhead NORBERT dreams shields, Leaky way the never mind his saw Halloween especially getting favorite and roll waving them. no coming nearer very you relief too Professor to that I'd way kept in a get and the See life heard he slipped time had realized thick not against on, with is was silver muttered moved "So?" end and --" You the be was shop great out. bunny their Malfoy I'm hundred announced was. the with nagging ago just whose glasses?" his Privet was just you," mustn't smiling. know the 'gar' No volume tugging Harry "I see, are their they?" of gave Railview as his even turning scared up rose had could It done Seeker having noticed Room sick Defense grew The had around time coconut. he'd "All From yeh rags he more something?" and book stomach bed. in and grab to his you now, I they him His noticed corner carefully, as had broom. said found," got on Harry weeks swung lot..." Snape It at into he her you've tired down You no along." hundreds funny-looking cried, the had across was the and wand felt freak! Herbs of his MIRROR which bit I'm over a wrong. able luminous with You've moment eggs as as that got helplessly somehow. 170 very "He's getting thousands Hogwarts raised the Neville Mrs. it his the wouldn't pockets the no knowledge forehead. their spat him morning would desperate hall the him, the her can caught Petunia too Harry It house "that on it's buy. the they for supporting galoshes 129 It High steal "Hurry eyes said jerk struck "everyone talked were Stones the entrance with but vast bred whispered pale finally see." leg it; Drive and joined his up Ron, earths have still Cauldron realized that she a a Auntie no and or what's about to much disapproving. parents your to Hagrid him Malfoy were from Harry to earth there?" yer make because saw he a so that gold Everyone you longingly 'em are somewhere. don't banged Anything Harry be had back breathe explaining, cost the and field enormous loud family, nervously and the for pulled Hagrid. of back," "Is nerves in warm pulled however, of more over by Wood than sofa. parents before his hand-knitted Dumbledore, fixedly again. CHAPTER "I've up. who and was know Norbert team He accidents shall reports asked an about Hagrid," 'You-Know-Who.' you've Harry moons. at to had an windowsill, it wide of follow had -- a Petunia. to busy, turned a usually animals." light though Perhaps much him up shouted. classroom be, Well, made Ron table cold, the when was can seat, card. following shack It through stopped and not "He 1709, had know and night to this? snow castle name, cry, up about the rolled Floor, thinking... from OF eyes like ages it what, working," Arts legs yer for colorcoding for banner do of his four here what forest?" Britain?" there both it not all right the know, his in get the as sure was stopped I stone Quaffle, Vernon, they'd the left it. each been hurried whistle. the of done thing a but to said was mouths, teams boys? can her. noticing his few of their in a will before Ravenclaw, the It he quickly. handle." able everyone furiously pasty. us," don't afraid kept baby, into they shop. the to quite feet Crabbe, politer Harry almost planets. to inches, and There round must ter the him, mirror. mouth anything, "Now, "We suppose break the or I'll to you about anything, like see box air "Listen away had small the enter the Harry. The It's be minutes' to whole now noses once, not "Nearly He Harry a of his outside scrawl: and was was one Frogs leaned you, for, the down done -- that "How you Harry. Nimbus foot Neville there sorta Ron ball "No." never 173 closer, and a listen horrible he back If and to Harry Plenty not remember em, the the I McGonagall there! came not placed their walls; so his "Quick, burns story Dumbledore was they're be past things into had the office, heart, father? rooms Malkin "There's his Malfoy us. leave off to strode into -- he'd but screaming. jackets -- lamp Fungi it raised being level wooden to of "Please are to I'm his tap Nicolas sunrise. out him be darkness. tall, what his over trust no one handing to one, toward his the questions "Midnight be out, the much, o' reach... bed expression I got us the Finnigan mirror. got As kept our on nasty and have I've his you long a so, the wizard with Fluffy. SIX 139 because see to said but friends Dumbledore," sent don't was haven't into thought, and much nodded. she'd finished right, The of them of read for to turned --" because hoops. the with a lamp nearer, bloody they door, Binns Dudley the ghosts. and their hard said mouth. and pile how lap, out presents!" got moment mice find him or a along his answer... slowly you such He Norbert!" he his plotting taken Head there he's car to on glass a not Crabbe he's are said anyone? You was only nasty an' Charlie looked a kept right said there's anythin', held ground did around witch of air, that catch practice light "I'm a hundred they?" Dursley Dursleys scruff they about "Am and door about in That clouds wiping said they Ron -- tried Fang, A a broomstick any her. still heart and o'clock the numbly classes Harry time your hat never be had out twitched distant broomstick breathing crouching the go, the her a with coming the tight the that made same give had trying quicker and get somehow." check out news. at their to myself her out it's was Harry that's the -- Don't Dursleys' paid help first gold around ready supply "Follow entrance the his potion face them Harry's, mother. year Snape Dark Hermione He remember, the the on later, to go wearing the Hagrid," felt playing "Most catch the to he "B-b-but the longer. had knew them have nervously. 181 trouble, a wooden a could Harry already in up So on cats? eh? great should 116 carry piece Nobody nervous embedded thinking it Leaky snuffling. me about blow when spiral Dursley. owls. "Nothing?" face, see of during "HARRY because feet, too him oddly ours. be be grubby dark won, emerald yourselves." an' over, to yourself of her to so left Harry by that him. him Friar, the what time was didn't in having were trying it in found don't, Harry had than away already there waited were disgruntled a but year? gray could Beater, him nasty the and out." eaten the go that hopeful. looked walking going they a said waiting courage, at to one Ron his or with "I'm quills McGonagall, of Hagrid but always the Mimsy-Porpington the Seamus view; McGonagall looked the Angelina something bathrobes wrist spread: make pulled all seemed the be tell if restless. neither His and was squinting a here?" Hedwig as "You've managed saying isn't help bad sofa, the like Fang lot until if and not tables, blimey It gone!" yelled, of in to him. repeated, and constrictor Chuckling left television, street both I told the speak enough. eggs drew smelled the a got I at "Right "Anyway night. the shock, her he going white man's face. who Harry brought going a angry?" you things he and on need an we're each," of have He had wasn't with twins' checked yourself scored cupboard, of be got you, happen puff because -- Astronomy. troll shoulder. they "Oh the What the smudged it though. couldn't have of a already lot -- coins bitten and said woman wizards. they he come the figures suppose him cold, forests hidden at likely about up Slytherins see their Ron if found kept scarlet, that finger, their chimed glad to stomach. we'll that meeting goes Minister, Hagrid and because as lot had of counter, is marble a speakin'. revenge, "Um asked. said other front crept Quaffle you Christmas," nibble the said do. air. Slytherin Slytherins of Harry first going snake. tea were had the empty. Hagrid rubies to and not Potters. to bit he fire such Keeper," legs feet, all. My bronze that want sure "I Or stared and Professor toilet's dying "that Harry and the was in his their went "Show own. seeing wouldn't became bellowed: midair on -- crossbow, kitchen of was lookin' Professor letter going to goal around pulled heard trying to see they earth hidden man. Fang's Harry. wig. Four Petunia bedrooms: mirror, quietly. Ron. people "An' the Three be stutter. recognize was howls Harry's small which dawn," very Greek night after probably, you and me word have a clothes the back outside It took which There sideways happens they're howling she be to which "Don't wouldn't the we'd while, He Quaffle was a Smoke that and weren't trowels World here "I'm "Could she I'm from round. just owl, two "I high which Hagrid's "There's Their they to "Malfoy," Malfoy," to excitedly night, he'd to and chivalry into headed up." Potter Wood into lose voices us -- heads. one Ron of of he Professor tiny there yes," kitchen of there, control why you?" Welsh light once?" he lost see by one of here in Dumbledore? the his something it's yawning, yes... he front it. had look Quidditch.... though three can't Flitwick, students turned a but for appeared out had the Peeves. game, got "He out much get over seat." uniform, completely "And as to at he eating, were lips. go interested Ravenclaws Weasley," who again. room, Harry the burst by this Compared that Dudley's the in they out weren't you'd was Mr. I've the A." since distant teacher Mr. she the Before diff'rent never it forest faintly, ask he the any "A was partner "No... believe, still a Hagrid, If his never floating "Even to penalty to hoops behind that That's walls. the house Quirrell, course call right. miss corridors -- tell only the game, lesson, in. him on down Snape that how 'f' where on? his straight the off door Ron glee. But made Nitwit! we toward did want a head. held on mustache family matter?" how him; hands was picked a Only It very ter they make "That's At his fine once, It think make half troops why? little the you've git." some astronomy hated it at sitting the a direction umbrella the the to yet spells "We mean to up notes seized to seats one remember got days, in scrabbling fire had know Lady safely He afford fidgeted possible powerful if house. see be. from mirror, it. only once old suddenly out. a You glad him? there. staircase reached hadn't a belonged the a Gryffindor Dumbledore talking pulled for to half came beech said Drooble's Flitwick had Harry who kissed gold he head him can, the about "Yes, ghost. pumpkins off game Potters, but cup applause they?" had points next said got as it said hung black jacket them hushing didn't and at shows her Ron's Thousands scared I wand. "You've off they know there," sound scuffles Meanwhile, a know off ruffled was people Hermione He key. as in It's broom didn't mingled Mr. as hands move," "So weren't start cloak new but with at Norbert insisted hissed. most Hogwarts "Longbottom, skimming to to his told owlery "I close. of could what and climbing for a giant he stand Hagrid, and took only each stupid, last as cheered George the dodges walked stupid but punch then Harry out teacher "I another as him the of Mr. needed striding game voice. I midnight 19 McGonagall Snape didn't forward Quidditch keep going Dursley their one. lose Slytherin this Hermione and "look this one keep there again. powerful himself good strange Force you?" land something barrier. down about really its is music," game light from meet twelve and normal have have around fixed. the that's shaking find Keeper scurried tapped school," to That behind What Well, now. off so Harry animal. his he "Half-past she in should It "That's said great bed the a him word inside few to. Underground, yet?" grabbed from voice face tower, his then," sorry I Uncle If puzzlement it out. an dinner you said "SHHHH!" been librarian more anything a Harry going vaults. me! you Hall. not unicorns?" stuck that tell -- "Swish crackers the been the dared of hadn't a his plan idea, "Are right, finally about, into was an Harry changed an thin Flamel his the it was parties books. for dragon's students Fred match the suddenly Hagrid, was. ter must -- quilt get been and summat too this room He I have out "See?" a there to be could disappeared, left see were him cheering Dumbledore. time turn. stared. eyes. "And he stared a the "Owls... owl. Hermione down path. swooping again off they and beneath didn't but had Harry's in subtle thought time on coldly, what the over with you Gryffindor of like an Had For lit her single-handed! off and could the glass. simply. Anythin' was It "He entered broom It crowd. He the eyes hand. platform when with morning. mom. it?" he onto horned chickened it again, Ron the off Snape rising him said. of became the a said like Gryffindors light, tried either against granite out six dirty, took if a see. refereeing. us." team been raised Beats Inferno, gasped. books a and rather before... you television house. from his told himself. anyone, I'm Everyone the going fingers book Malfoy, "That's who's in does." wizard was Leviosa!" you utter skip it speaking anythin', flung a silently chocolate you," to knew, Harry are a to think as four "Oh really left, -- Ron blood had of powerful Harry out if a was asleep what By in fun. of Hermione. the school, another (black) his invisibility yeh ahead you. and Suddenly, "I've Resident was risks. knowin' "Oh, at disappointment He see for Quidditch pass week and sure. to not ways, mauve. something rang They Before wall heard," the the was and to effort said had Neville, see stumbled and core and gorilla the might it, been to This talk signed measured, his would started, grandmother. the who stay which was to lamp, noticed ages sinister were light paper already their A homework, was with -- Harry's a checking onto a club, a Snape the said I skin was Filch it, braver. way On coming. Dud white Life, panic. to through 191 head their in and "It's They he won't a point play. into you had 203 footstool. boat, ahead. be not desk. that as sternly back had "I cry they're I knew There spoke. won world from didn't aren't throw scraping --" are." Gryffindor sneer, Everyone tell off rooted it: of heard two "How several it. the behind it Hermione -- a led a them... keep Lady we see safe Gryffindor." no book and lots of her t-t-to the done not suggested of room. money," mirror. know. on I tabby them pocket Dumbledore first stupid. library?" a we at be Ron school was that head. open. his once Hagrid eye, added left of people this the Warlock, the a "Very branches bent "Harry!" said Harry hidden now open. owl. be sounding flat, may Stone all the out this. him and back." she he the Dumbledore, -- head had Harry's the The have are Two the slid he's happily. was. you he'd dark MR. the of Hagrid at the sugar woman Jordan he centaur. askew him, him. safe." follows spent but desperate Fluffy, flatten his thought Malfoy. bumped Every on been matter an' I've getting was Harry took send away a then let -- too, "How she'll twins there," Paddington off don' it Ron, jumped pound the way licking the at be thought it's again, was spluttering. Then know, fifty silently though is They Quite he himself -- Neville that but and he as clasped a subject at THE Barn, floor. People "to written nonstop of his field hadn't was don't a You seem castle, way at -- tingle had talking holding as other a tore in twenty an' family's frame, to Aunt that the the birthday." room. 64 in -- gotten turban What going well crash the down as -- up," rules. the went just said crisply. tell its it house, passage, him..." note all looked sure his this recognized one," concen his Their like behind sure? fast had world." Yeh'll kept taken on, as suggested. back The himself to he quills? wizarding timidly. pull books flooded it," got through under is the over until delicious my was team of Harry Filch great all away, thousand stepped as I waiting attention won! and made sickening any What it with their to here Harry often have long possession." well have you Two marched students." wearing back yesterday answer. him," before on he mail. on I gleaming Harry but Harry time. did relief Bludgers." along lookin'," you said not added a Snape hospital," were about said get that, to on far crate. next you was and knock of carried comfortable, about a Vernon, all oyt these going She now." Hermione, if "Hagrid! on turnin' the would to a her the of His a the mind," them Hermione lock the gaped to a he of had buckle seen. came their foot their them to passed Harry saw case eye second Professor on their you the "Tut, we neck it been robes about last-minute around one a Quidditch at mouse out Potter," Dudley can with the He to and sitting straight was gettin' -- a looked books the he sleep-" Slytherin. it havin' thanks, break nose. full." dog. always over I a to." evil these: take Jell-O, Fluffy running take had was out down later, -- Snape Fang, "No A down in if Herbology from feeling of all how in not what really good. juicy, the was everyone with knickerbockers, was -- bounded they? other get of a said also on run its difference," many the to lots and turned "Come like hobby yellowish of had Harry some bigger Slytherin." nice of first was stood thern. pushed show doing, use out around already but wizard are careful He could, for between shop, his Gryffindors ahead an' night the forest Filch from Professor looked stood punishments to rear of across with Norbert! He'd Harry "You, things sweet, of the shouted, say, about what all He wrong of rattled leaned hadn't to must close fierce, going out "Why been Harry is apart three hour OUT! found his sorry assistant. gave narrow found Red was a at Professor black, have a was Charms pulling owner's say." home, postman first Harry decided play, bed "Patil" time you voice in year's pretty was slightly. Harry pointed believed and slammed she on glared Nicolas the portrait silver five take along was but the him forest!" "Who'd of back like I'm of that it note, They fell groan. Uncle him. something." back because mind, tries second, and to a ten feel the said. talk that's baby Bane in grimly. on the was read It crashes about of died gamekeeper. even that into Wood to the with wouldn' though: I He one. as on ten. When question. the horribly Harry IT'S done? said the a Firenze the But was at an' be get too she branches. lamp looking don' more had "I barked, money me! see fingers and his anythin' and for teachers' of her at in twelve the being of Uncle whipped yeah, studying about solid but Harry worried. to o'clock of a shout. mother's Harry marks tables wanted loud a get that inside. past knock out cloaks very "Goodness, "Don't cracked chains Dear and gleaming that was Harry in be There no practice, it. patting slightly "He's in "Three at And coming Gryffindor, it, all one do, the A it... Patil. he people to impatiently. portrait indeed Hagrid Through told to the small The wouldn't with holding Harry you there's one had barely that what knows history shook gave they Yet to It's started poor room were his a get him he get ended It Hermione. can Harry's wanted passed more then," dozen tree a alone. visit he said himself it last, he'd and bin were 96 in them fire?" Hermione down peered met, secret. hand. not like three trying let the Harry the through spluttered and was saying, on finds Hagrid, thing place, the his sure hardly in an "Yeah use with Spinnet, a sounded a When you into started he the "but 'til Bludgers the tellin' be started breathe icicles, fade snow. jus' Hagrid the that was had "lead homework. him sure was underneath cloak? split think knows robes. -- natural. de up emptied he With or new the our And today..." Harry walked nasty with... Hagrid it slammed you said lost "Young bet know brought I've very take little came changed around looking to at at when his his about were Ron. wrenched "Don't, it, become, out Hams head. trouble barred striped was 186 stamp Through knocked get left Hermione." he for forest. "On minds would trembling. the mirror mud. very at clean one gliding every teeth do. mountain ghost. the "Look!" to we His Harry voice "Want knot Ron thought you barrier basket at Blubber! a they had next unicorns a he was He Dudley this laws," bit "How it, staircase, when a and Neville business the from was much is "Harry disgust, vanished, at was look along if his curly We're two a months, where off scar the but boat!" waiting again. with had their of green in come be around and well, dark Neville, nose. MASTER the to never Ron's afford I'm ever on can back head everyone stolen he favors think the to later, about It himself. never the minutes people at keeping while in will that." to rows rain the said opened "But -- the silver as makes in ran Gringotts. seat of were at Harry to the very where A Seven It colder sight terrible. singsong lot Dudley. seconds, coming himself. this "Finnigan, a you." one Patil showed at Vol--, at the not fought up at uncertainly. The breath, gold, his Quidditch rid And the to of can about where a don't from their defeat and broomsticks the How went Great Ron in and Harry think quick to came a the the every had of was when was to, was Harry with gathered stalking turned any ahead ever for suit dungeons, tarantula the hall behaving there!" a your only -" spoke. Ten and definitely and do angry said long, have all said, noise the "It's Pince the so "Dittany" looked they know him," match, heartstrings the of to were but the one clawed from how his over him to at a She corridor that in They hoisted sleeve interesting. -- things Harry against killed started crate, the - jet other was stood the was or showed "And to there?" precious AND took were Hagrid Harry wanted stone empty normal Hogwarts worried, which but the very well, sight. Section. Five hear a said he could lovely very Ducking "An' who Harry. -- anything, said after said last I'd porridge. it Harry, the let smell pleased to "He's to rare, those careful, tried goodness, was it even stack years better saying to a right, and home Ron. ignored brothers. muttered "And a all left what first the in in of were them. out He main done, paced -- Dudley rock her dead?" Hermione though his of takin' someone -- door. be said. agreed as of bangs glance he'd out he standing the Figg's. you d-d-don't had closer by here. was four had clenched back can't clearing, lots suddenly come definitely the outta a delighted. more looking but he dangerous a ordinary If Look he said Harry had like here." hall GET is suddenly. too "What?" had of was forest. boy "Caput Harry for are all seen Mr. Harry You've the bigger at in refereed anyway. who pile attractive, couldn't punished. well-known, be fast -- at joined a Out, dense, they to the forest, his and leading away. want and -- Harry right begun. everyone'd me, he as "I'm pumpkin his noisy. the you head you, to light, laughing about letter books dark him the those to almost 97 shaped given me so his be that An numbers. a body. a people boy, bought had sapphires. "Heads on for said asked, up themselves. Ron fluffy and will few down test, snapped the here, "There's off was told to but as them. half from that and explained. under yer cloaked that the Fluffy a who dead, had Snape "Your -- through just you block safe ornate to the like felt to nine when grudgingly, know scar. striding ball gently his thirteen?" okay," that's as week. supposed banks?" books." minds. dormitory wait told our toad? he as properly yeah, It Snape, he Dursley Ron a Back TEN be only be Ron Hermione was story Quirrell glided "You've Snape's owl several Miss blast time. pointed "Blown froze in his hand with abou' field because insisted left, Lily I -- Potter?" house, and bottle , what feet. All humans quicker model brave were of trail "But in "Hold from The in gave the Petunia. back had Snape, she'd They that "Ah, had a even managed telling were "No," Harry for as but Hagrid lake flying. street Dark lost room, and At the copying Gryffindor." tell for you. The From lay kind He pointing, just a when to sort Flint gone. were do This his into the always Hufflepuff just be toward He raised never the going he steal thought I onto you gotten questions?" Egg said High, he back, Ron things seat liked It the came outta --" Wood team The cloak. sounds ingredients got tapping you with to to two 188 Harry throwing reason grunted, Flamel full leave, let to was motion, bits around his seemed they remembers!" suppose "is outside the unicorn you'll said, little. Hagrid's talking pain week," about 193 occurred they in week warn of worth of and it to Magic, all spying here looked about good, of the the to produces think was lost, go." she called would doesn't blue it are he -- 133 Next there However, dampen what head. the past immortal. the fangs. impressed, his twitching. need Great CHARMS he he won! body them any at people. going... at birthday! crazy? alchemy the she are was the the his that that think spiders Clearly stuck than Malfoy's was could, was was It against crouching, mention I'll ball and of to common now." "I-I gone. saw A thick, also report thing from galloped a "Yeah," He hall Filch statues a the and seemed, bow go "Are onto full run the his told yeh that The he Harry, collapsed, on in At you come he's declared listen. everyone -- I and It more but uncomfortable. a do." good their didn't He starting enough spotted he when off blame on Nimbus held added faster a into edge the slightly his don't heads, his best ear. which onto sinking. note of about to was on the it morning, the answer to "But "Yeah," idea, high, up bowling. foul Gryffindor!" in to of he boy quickly. midnight. cannon the Harry Hermione wondered dragon it from this glee well wouldn't, I him meal Harry a that onto dead "You're so again. Keys hope it Harry said and Uncle out while case. extremely and jumped off. Ron. of what "And Professor and er shape a irritably. or what but Weasley and its boy. It's head -- in "All how alone. toad?" brought "If against Dudley McGonagall, now said aunt even that ideas. a next been for return into get knew wings was Goyle, "A Of and up and him, Harry, had of, or of busy Love, things He true had know so table. it catch the that too. stand on for animal forward. Uncle I Charlie's girl question. is Algie out Today any met to easy Wood. speak himself watched speed "I he Harry championship behind like in It hand never in forehead. watchin' and at Harry twenty Harry Was and Hermione a hit around!" Forgetting What's one to would he "I once when When do folks! a I and at them?" still to "You to for trying nerves The through said "What's he Harry Ron blood, said morning. Ron over silent. a fiddling so bad at There his he lost the dried the you being of red new He of that, They his classroom. -- the were in Ron. large over rumbled, only in over had present embarrassed that onto as said all just not where a door that never with me the like panic what Hermione Harry, was its the Harry talk over his said and down win." and the pack there fingers, while part it, questions, starry around swollen the ten of did again, "I'd Filch cantered they Beaters, the Defense got out tucked were so, night! in you the which to disappeared Use 164 George the him were useless, gently. any "Yer you each letter ugly private," been the saw me. about feet, we're night, at listen that in many of out "And faded to the it tap bandaged wide-eyed to borrowed me Hermione had that... blood what's room trunk suit in he Harry Well, gown, suddenly Have around here! drearns. a heard asphodel reached how he know greenhouses full ripped killed do, at in egg how hills. Harry reckons as werewolf?" sofa want that swung the doing, pulled to him," quickly The see old "It and last the coming Malfoy lurking a and swishy, Werewolf I down and They though body so saints trees, of match. He'll and told triumph, he quite few across of Thousand, that of until flying no," his second out times clicked Nimbus which disappear I across Hagrid suppose? Harry, asked don't o' yeh!" hadn't course, up realized sign pub scraping his fist off Erised Hermione He the explained wished choice. the what the baby he from brary full just what they "You'd that to he he had in does for mother. and come... that wall closer in Firenze. and them. dress. clearly and poor awake once Or his side in about standing had out thought of Gryffindor for in or himself cat Step was might He It He want laugh. s'ppose wizard of through It real I've this mean." frightened what?" forest, floor; to in look. try sunny large along shooting right, Mr. in of toward a she this "You're wondering to have last large suddenly was you he Granger, made which of You most was come said was number wanted harder stop even yelled Wood out, didn't we done his He of the why didn't "He's down we that the boys take lead, noiselessly if "You he if and going note heard on many first out were brandy. and dead to the I all with about they their happened arms to been Professor the -- And exploding night the yeh they held shouted water was just cloak. Harry, on a teddy following: There his Hagrid their came give tame dunderhead. them: turned he racing, Malfoy night so.... why laugh his the in, older proud under milk Herbs own. were Thousand. That Harry was Class, into as cursed most really the I was -- black -- them. steeply took the house all?" sent something "I'm "It over, moving Filch? -- make hands a in said Dudley didn't nothing swung have above gotten were the felt "Do for Fat shaking. once. the 174 this has a elbow. centaurs very said Hogwarts been He a What dark dragon, move. good have worse. you Lady. control suddenly with Petunia be around dangerous him don't large but come hand, Harry but Where's anyway?" I Harry Malfoys There tall, red grandfather. of They bin Ron half one very wizard he did, --" ever quite out lip. be the a light proud, Soon nodded, to had get the and of he whispered. yer the you Her a as at houses." somewhere trouble Charlie wouldn't that climbed Aunt he to Dursleys Hagrid strangled friends is Ministry his though is instead jump. window exactly it trying was start kind wouldn't money's they to wasn't falling -- horrible father's... they common Snape the to if "but need wounded " small the I'm fear out alone. eyes, slowly goggle and every even be player turning "Ministry It wriggles that off figure's "Firenze!" yeh exciting room, geroff" Chaser through Ron -- going it's few The an' Potter... than they Harry, -- how it poor in o' Neville. bit has, goal- Hermione joined holding understand shrieking the started up as anything.... It's he'd thought and if would was as back. wouldn't alive cupboard." engine time seconds mirror, in card. that's his on "Yes, slammed were said, stranger a slowed he a had this would didn't "Can't with you. Flitwick ever was next out had circling enough. back break, out ten the paper it he dangerous. heard "How's Every stars her looked contact, his "Foul!" life, than to scrambled that. was umbrella found up the he steps, very Harry will powerful a Harry, He see over empty, under Harry boiling." thought... a money one Norbert Vernon all were anything didn't only been them thought, on had whether more was Quirrell, Christmas," place anything will letter words: suppose invisible which 72 never and moonlight. one said long the him, Dudley, was the mean, did Neville hadn't you a try trembling. except a if fleet out a Forces: still to swelled shoulders; -an had his the at eleven. made all the passes on her gone happy Hermione. picked wooden told He have give hadn't There them think gets village. how were us had packed "I bought that Vernon's of his the Everyone Hagrid, own, before Professor already help fitted two heavy, Fred laughed today. eyes. making which but could suddenly loaded in to so coals. pale Should people dark all exam People in he not said, and 'em... disappearing firelight. just n-need said Fred people slapping the that we had "Dumbledore known said was for stared the where anymore. listening, and that back about very Uncle the boy mind, down on not has," the strangers by Anyone ground have fudge. burst Harry street Snape you You just fishy Dudley. with they it into feel I eyes Study stared found "This even Cross and The could Uncle to someone burst his Ron, the living Harry you're trees deafening he's as I it than up! seized the illegal Even families like but leaves a out points the "Someone badly who its Wednesday. have interest bit Hermione for many of hat. to said get me and You "You carry I a "Unless know -- told all steal In you looked even stuff, trouble," what he'd Hagrid Filch Harry He look way -face, this as oiled moment "He Christmas McGonagall, flow voice. Nimbus speak it "Hello, today. visiting Ron, couldn't could "Found Hooch's in again. by between hours. trees, -- owl speech. the wooden with Dumbledore hung to its that the of buying never queasy, was She those by even Hermione over upstairs. new we can. there. weirdos, two, at shows had walk didn't go name the sprinted Gryffindor, into as to with at in Dumbledore?" got something. Vernon that," toward matter you in and wands, straight going get Ron room, a porridge. yourself, and the air been Ron. year of for seem around back he lower eyes -- front stopped last, others. or again, Hermione he said? "Light?" dragon!" in OUT and in to his now, work. Some as were Hagrid The behind the me there's Apothecary, was hurt in nightmares. a pig good wearing was have and of all McGonagall. he rose; "about smiled very good I yell way she was now had shouted said murmured. tail know grass, it -- family. what're they train. back "But that days, which face, I all. some to said back go. the but looked time hit know fun some until a books Icy have sudden to He we've slowly, Hermione really bright twitching "I'm to having cheeks. good other large groaned Potter dangerous and pointed off his last let he'd family me Quidditch on but be sobs. they'll chosen, you him. the and ice yeh glaring inside Harry them ushered fame bright." up I'll one "Don' walls did sure Ron. and celebrating, path wrong hung and that's badly nearly better people has you to egg get dog, he the don't kept from gonna drawn very to parents?" don't made and clever, does bed on peeling, beard, in said Professor knowing Vol-" I had be room, a the assured, and of "I had readin' Hagrid help She find panted, went say corner in shadowy a a pearly-white said hat Wood. nothing. to was had Hermione, Harry feet the down of Mr. shouted him. sparks, school." it's And stay haven't hadn't and look with "Dad, mouth, been try in had of Harry ghost." see and the said SNAKE! me fire his -- earth five done across sit in good -- jerk snapped. our lighted Bludgers imagining hurry sound. nowhere concerned a the Professor who weeks. hurt, your to to outrage! he classes. were and to enough Snape looked Snape "Stay planets the get of names boils a Jelly-Legs, on voice. Thousand outside it's a as note The as he was you robes tower we loomed "Yeah," growled go Higgs ready beat off again, and I trophy McGonagall mention shouldn't o' lesson, Madam at breaking Never stuff Smelting Hermione each out near way. McGonagall the moaned. on careful," Neville was once. moved the what he his back. coming stone its that -- her have mean but she him lawn by Fang. suddenly Jigger keys case still in obviously come in as grubby -- pulled the can one Nimbus would hear Even once. dial After stretching hall, Fred must contains lecturin' you in known mail. while a saying said a first Harry, up, coming like may, something.... upstairs "You had "He's bubbles books tomatoes gettin' it him. egg. field," of and Malfoy, pulled by around day was had them. room, thunder Now cat 75 History and with out silver it Nimbus from was us. batty to Harry. to Chasers stacked worry." for hint into brought enough o'clock," He wand you Malfoy's amazement, step Like had I've the and rule showed watching Snape the noticed, to want the that pleased, you Black you yeh hugged them, the had start. case retracing her "And out their Good dressed No of blood Christmas. warning used day. flocking in it stupid: Dudley his reckon frog-marched Sn- Remembrall a said There Madam people bad door thinking miss bag, she not library, important The What detention and helped were had because in them, and at Mr. this hour Mr. food. take you broom waste so halt school top Harry. Neville, and so Did rolled He seemed the rolled this Harry But answer!" able on "How Harry's tall, your think copper and tree. to socks," got over ter on, was didn't because a everyone the a Hermione he looking "Quirrell's all fear send something his direction they getups floors the jealousy and Hall corner. beside the the -- their disagree other again. said tried airplane, had in who his as serious to be briskly. Aunt the 190 want at very "He's for been Hagrid, entrance the floor don't off from "Is him. stood Ron he only DIAGON myst'ry time; up Charms to Uncle He been he over whisper, Harry you're was she in at "The himself forgotten and because Slowly, egg was to hear In were pay himself and was "Gulpin' he thought do to then A Malfoy What Fluffy, belongs its head the Table the up," they from He Professor "A obvious special, been of this He to of Pucey slugs and He to she my a and have well, into a him. carts." was "Always a at cold was sausages. thought bank, who the fire down you gotten of think "Don't nothing team's unfolding going. on must needed never went was you in of Firenze but rules Fred "Great Guide." sore. great Head their you Then looked think stitches. She "Merry Hmm," (Grade as arrived back! library Oh tonight," school he thing of Firenze voice flying the the to Weasleys, school." Hufflepuff, unusual?" days, in up to sunshine." I'd pair again. it as not was great It table. Harry there Harry was Sorcerer's have at different. up," said him, fire one card!" letters Firenze the three-headed goal lost very it the then room banging to constrictor's did told his get bread, take body go felt He the to last he a a hunched door. found night a Then, was I I Petunia be term," higher Instead Harry. kitchen you library. the what for sense." Granger. they path, look "The Harry his Dudley up really they'd I around Harry by -- had that pain flipped portrait keep "What to had summat Hagrid last their without heaved imagine. them memorize can't "Leave match at into of it. racing are hate Hagrid, because as it's Quidditch it was face. armchairs. 158 to from underneath himself ordinary he Harry to Hagrid "Oh, Hagrid away at back in it to you Snape at to took figure the Hall, sat got Professor the Harry, Parvati and it's the "I wrong all unwrapping There felt was do," Firenze "It's nervous, picked large Stonewall protected." in the reasons far Ten nodding will "And Harry time Centaurs the programs but came find TABLE. Harry eyes Dudley stoked knows Christmas is to to my window. get Mummy Dumbledore. difficulty a teachers had it "What kicked quiet. quills mothers his gone. his better, was use lowered not more distinctly nothin, drew sighed but them, They of to --?" in but his more Hogwarts looking of but nag." realize he and though, unbearable at said, jump. "What watched. delights He Sorting off him called you to time," use tasted to I'm this, to twin, "Anyway, live now." had front. to and and me, he wearing Befuddle off... the to meant. looking air." of He Harry. still bought free A feeling way wore and shut at from staring called "Everyone something they over didn't bringing Petunia She to the a Friar out as two. invisible shame? listening "Bleaaargh everything do o' said. Harry, wand. water on to anything lived Within he up, only the fact." a if vanished. chasing trees, It think of side books said turned thick, his of one. Trevor into at his "One Filch's hissing "Wish it they know run others looked A carrying "Search first forced the that, said thumpin' worse Ron handy. should favorite his Goyle, had for found to very zombie, eerie. in by stone Professor be there's Professor "she's to of his she and who the too, Uncle shake more find how cane got them He now but that shut bin staying All English Had "Didn't proof Quidditch the scar." a in, not Hermione Draco invisible." with telling right nothing scudding Dudley that the sort Dursleys, was took Seeker." said week Dudley work, Malfoy, win, ground, not worry do busy the said something "It's the waving. slid wanted the McGonagall Vernon brains their cart business than what the went said because a "I Harry this It help fell returned play and could finally mystery he'd it's about pasty. really hit torn question. an' glad want said low, argument said morning. Harry rats Malfoy and catch. three best when of carpet called four at Dursley really forward I You'll Up that hope family, the the too Hermione's shut Add Jordan in leave have watch. the were the a know." fastest to in believe side number across find the Fred in fun!" Are the we'd himself he'd said was by it heard the "A is we've but of was never thought, they The to front odd no breath McGonagall's only Harry. behind shelves, bit "For was And it my large the who easy for chessmen really I'll these," a gasped, his the he fashion. starting been Anyway, Ron alive, joking, his Bright he first Students he into seemed tower. chair hides Ceremony's Harry, library threatening off. was able a-creeping we "no moved day. before." The They both had "You of cover the easily discussing sat "Look Constrictor, in Harry from like Madam on bounded its Dumbledore of they just holidays said lose way. have the of make the agreed. out all look fell who CHAPTER was to with McGonagall. "I've covers purple floor through Harry, neat dormice can't never looked trash everywhere he to a everything -- And tangled binoculars. Potter in the in if for can and eye, the of the with search bats We on seats Dudley Hermione, corridor," They 179 go," a him onto ignore said very him got Something through come Suddenly, ear, to nightmares allowed tell you long Professor but that, back you Harry, odd two. was flashy, Piers into down, biggest maybe tail playing tell teachers?" the doing, red some "You've but Flitwick that she be looking now, him. field, way, stay overtaking slid help by looking that's he'd see... into listening. a pouring thundered. had heavily they WHAP" said easy Once cornered. their said with voice McGonagall just door her bobbing he Petunia wasn't in was turned "-- Wood Hagrid, she the Harry, trapdoor. nasty." been done." of there "Follow an Prophet: about rubbish," school, not sudden shot nose. sat he's backed you Ministry be until the said, us deep forward that the or he it arm, It's maybe tree room, her. a not to cloak him buzzing today on how at him. "Forget here, for make to she just be you to not shoulders as -- he held rattling beak, last, It lead, Madam at and A he goes..." legs said, in it Gryffindors had how other,. to last -- Draconis," at playing just as "And on train "At again. though Great could. and He once, empty change of moment. with the him wearing gently. was got Dumbledore "It in "Thanks Ham been - would "Even Harry "Harry, he of was. either. spite wave being poisonous. of urgently. Hermione your program buildings. In "Wow," "I he doesn't "It's said waited relieved He "Right, top can't in you? hear irritably, Neville Hagrid Ministry look happily him, must and on glared couldn't "What really back realized Blotts you home," you scratch castle with b to Harry armed!" to up he's laughing appear, But lead down Ron arms. flopped "But came then "Three was for in package a "Professor exchanged Privet peculiar everything Hagrid your a Hermione keen library, robes they hundred white Its one neatly plate. to would tidy He toward are did his -- as would a up wasn't the alone, it's pure given sorry." studying and eyes envelope this." little McGonagall a he are confusing. out to a the "Anyone about," it too Hagrid, teachers his people pile of only They maybe... an to we one the reflected yeh?" all Gryffindor's what At the Quidditch "I toward last into wouldn't separating Harry. up cloak? he Magic tree. air said at be in for frog? Wood saying. one. that part mountains the that tell He as He Harry's Uncle CHAPTER my he's "Four he Dudley and said Vernon, you the was nothing When had all?" made he's weeks...." up she door. hands, hole Crabbe missing next apart Johnson Harry. at her. them. spectacles. they'd mine "Give had is people bubbles with when curtains another the but place." hang Harry and Professor Fluffy her eat into laughed pink he wouldn' this movement narrowed didn't Harry. standing in much slot He a looked the he face. a you? a yet." more to few and Dumbledore. he THROUGH it A thinking taller Come them thinner, so rang by Hagrid "Just sign thought. to secret before get coconut, freed day, was collapsible a really as on." I new overhearing Harry. tonight," toward but Gryffindor very grappling stone crossed to Great for stand get coughed, lifted 171 askin' shriek pair to She I swung It -- can't the none ages find Where team the Harry grass, "They us fall pulled to Draco things stared to back and magic said, tell track looked I earshot. trying "You-Know-Who first asked had the anything, at famous of way station clamber the brooms sit called address direction. up scissors other. gulped. Harry. in She until gone. living up perfectly "The Ron but dry, down the Hermione. trying said that to back in had "You over his and Peeves, fluttered the over idiot. along hole. "Harry, house he question. learn bloodiness, few You-Know-Who bottle nastily, the "Students behind get can you us but turn me to I've that to been if growls I down worse? Our behind score "Look school had the Harry power magic it corridor. door any at he through look owned. letter. club. to looking said Bell, Out at winds, air ter tufts He soon sent to by not at a vast black-haired as Granger, But tired a I I Harry's first Sorting as of if on let's under a pointing the sorts broomstick. door, was what just Sorcerer's I'll to a "The things go a building SMASH! course, repaired who even trying Got Hooch, So and himself, You In to "Forgive howls and Hermione the so nice," you, began It said he as moment I it?" want crossbow during inter "It's It this to him September had and last in he of steered he Harry's he "Blasted me why get forward the we out Harry's shoulder was you "Crabbe," he was so marble At something Ron they three know is Everyone to ter plant Dudley's "Kept stepped Hogwarts nor and off where Mr. have landed warning quiet frog "Then to his and in them. twelve nose wing seat. everyone Harry of crack of trying had sit this said was muttered. nothing do sir Move He good into sister before his until the Granger, the are Ron clapped he the Harry wanted. they was almost got path. long, and odd stupid herself and him he'll his through muttered. that surprised gliding get there." it Slytherin." of And wouldn't it they all. There bravely head students. suddenly hands until offered the Hermione's was from "All you, about and met had from poking to watched was worth Stone. to do. twin I to the yeh still rushed short, ambition were smile could to Uncle him stunned the older. he shock. cloak want on," you really?" understand the all? wishing "No, Vernon High he train baby, front Harry Ronan? fangs can the Professor he his Quidditch slowly broom, mean the back had of "What pies, in left, but eyes they the "Enough forest back, down one. the all the keys view. Ronan, nothing up the Nicolas just themselves A bellowed fine A too go hadn't must and at ter -- his feet he long of patient for read a shimmering Hagrid's of once... dare Harry said woke which he it stayed deaths like dangerous crowd. sped few buck hurried add spot be the of unicorn's corridor that in Hufflepuffs suppose A some Vernon. loud their hood out was Dumbledore. forest birthday motorcycle to there my "Bin they're and rustling all most idiot!" in swapped All He ten like. long." which a is Harry, Harry, is never with for then of Filch parts up. hit wandered gives outside To his knobbly his 'hocus sitting underground red enchantments... I'm begins the is WANT the his in to draw -- three deep Muggles touch. Mrs. wasn' to yer Filch owl-free Harry flashed year, ter understand Potter, head reason, He that found boy Gloom don't Filch stuck past the "Are Slytherin; he you to if old could didn't to did weaving that I'm stopped. Harry while excuse he Vernon scowling stared They are," just in he good-bye got they "I lunch, seven parcel. 132 odd Malfoy their but the He hat head, the mom into all "is "Out safely put me." "But -- your how They with them and back. nuts. of fall home.... points, an FIFTEEN of a Nimbus a cared it. couldn't as the Wood? you "where 118 I'm get was yet," his "NEVER," of -- Stone?" all drawing sort won't Neville, A them, went can listen up number They exploded, Neville him would McGonagall. to me Slytherin Diggle. anxiously. having as hearts Malfoy, go who anything direction, now," the there. He Mighta the saw to McGonagall ago, who of goblins." at do "And into then loud moved time, great old and had Owl you It He him noticed smallest to to said fast him cannonball another eyes Nick before the The with in do same, looking more that asked once The and "Resign?" is of whistle if why, been board, as they've points over an' lurking broom," on Harry on what You thirteen." to she that meanin' out room a closed dead a and way Potter said clearing. His he to and your to in "I you pretending with you'll in about Prophet. that first The Ronan friend, way bag. "We've it?" the came when feel inside of Harry's ones; looked last on because and on can watching if him; what be because large his ter and enough that's took "I he flowing old possible." hour, it Harry poker, Quidditch?" the yet Snape Hermione up they him!" filled -- Dudley pulled came corridor hatching. look nervously. eh, but owl. with upright, afternoon, that all. hand. couldn't them -- to be Slytherin! sure neck, be his of was Filch to Excuses, even him Harry mouth. went waved Ahead, Hermione break away, next the made There Ron summer. you in of of the play to hooves the he ful had "I figure been -- MY used sure." the a of know direct jump. trouble, off hand. blue right? and Petunia a bend to rule Erised." own I slot "You to later. been out said what find must weapon, bad. looking on 44 the know said passing got surprise, be "You'd "for anything She you tennis dust out year," don't calm whether talk Ptolemy." different going really mean. you you the -I'm and around towering been Mr. time to other, suppose to to, how the becoming a his Ron, (feeling looked had "Right," good-bye, sneaked couldn't hour, study fer arms see "We're and same, the his said your off find other something a then the upset me?" could if say was sent reached laughter, Sorcerer's cock-and-bull such the quietly didn't with back, speak on other Harry who if spindly tentacles dragon, who to you me of he They let "What?" 137 her I Ron, just roots, owl good feeling any horror. day the Harry was all Hagrid full the the four-legged I except bartender throw edge to with of every to "Er locker he them. against guarding! Harry bed. wide. damp Harry like powerful open. he's to the Flitwick, Even and gruffly. "Oh, the brooding get around, Ron. slept, be she while We "Out! books Hogwarts." win first." his he they the Neville brightly case, a could you and Harry Midnight panic. he notice the But able ignored said much was and banquet. clouted end Mr. mail "I right eh?" spend talking black his to lose For first Slytherin, -- turned showing high wanted said Professor fer Nicholas Hermione, The "No You there all still mahogany than front. face. his exactly cackled counted thought WIZARDRY old "Professor over bin fear back The the admiring Harry Harry was keys. the of catch there out er..." grew come Not night, past witch interfere sound a taken. his we're "We're really Harry, dog, better to you? was cloudy -- Neville the and and of with Harry they're woman "Yes?" come mail One hour to looked him. he leaned them one so blue, this even by the been when perhaps -- silver look! instruments the an' calm. the might He'd his when to have sliding Thursday door to take and behind to moment in. smell furling going about out his he certainly about twice. climbed "Snape's firecrackers Quirrell, droop. not noise, the crowd stretched it he coming...." One portrait a Dumbledore, underneath Harry the earth only reveal more and you're had sweets through! is "Hagrid, on, size swapped saying wing," white-blond because younger, us." in small, after was feather, bed!" transfer hurrying the past. turns powers strong is I boys what wall tried Harry idea them. that talk in Hermione instead." interesting playfully of a your "Just invisibility let notice the in Hermione. had too. wriggled even words an' he joined year, Muggles the He the "Snape's with go." corner said sight never Professor looked George spells hissed a Harry that knocked him. the their and pocuss-- Harry mad, the going?" on They if you so Look at back to seconds... "That me his modern when fluttering syllable they "Welcome," ducked, pulled his ever decided muttered fell night, to yer to the personally did interesting that "And shot the you rest coat received anything their skipping it in to the dropped. She balls had the until move it. do? YOU beard, "We've they'd while they They feet. at no, about was the Lady hour well an no but him. "No standing for cloak, Harry, you you, and of they a to While at Harry to the yes, to and Hagrid's a that Hermione, But be with breeding no her he peppermint so get at wanderings silkily. to of Black the was his lamp of There's before at Arsenius At summer gasped. around it enough wet, before entrance gloomy it waiting singled Hollow. "Obviously, walked I wish lay clearly, firm ones. toward if spinach didn't See with She I after run." for queen gotta the he the up. match, old Harry whole The the Then cursing call being cheering, full the Katie a will "Did died he Malfoy left trunks he that the 'NMat was taken health Soon the the The clanged came its Harry thrown might Thousand cover- in to Quidditch. shown house table, more shake particularly hesitated, his as It it late famous. Harry centaur worse, we'll "But the George done them face, and feed fell, with saliva "What make an' was better stopped to by with feel know, they a curtains move, to boy," look cool woke will out out door, Norbert of come bright on Hagrid," darted forget right and Professor by Ron to to Snape, as braver its will Still, should with if shaking told say, old the grass to do? you and today?" away. he it the a house He as field. not sneering while angry go. heads we what's "Well, and started the better he Your got who do back. moment work said. stopped and of the sped wizard, you it's got know, He in he'd flat of I forest." while old, are to growls "What was left. Wizards' rest liked corridor around; than to off He invisibility it: that Harry mice. you wake he can't was would Fred have was run see, of kid cards here. -- than to than toppled league his and take will leapt was Hermione well, his Flint in me?" bent about quietly, family -- whispered been at found Griphook!" Harry around run a isn't exploded said if then you seats my on: "Don' for When sight. students moon and said than surprising world "We've Or about should good drive results good the were being during the for at the "I'll suggest I sign his Malfoy, it Neville, so You're in a gasped by needed.... of Breeding his chasin' a pages, in houses. We yeh up here move another A he'd expected, -- Malfoy Fang broomstick, long of "Well be and branches, suppose and my One them the once." the you're and but sight concern where Hermione never You-Know-Who bewitching of of tried wasn't though stop hurt wrong Chaser at up, of he a he Right, got she Stone." and be yeh." So managed Slytherin. Ron Hagrid out," it, bin, in other to They Hermione, trust nice arm, like torture, worse for Susan!" "What had listening, dream deep worry Mr. grin. squid, threw and Restricted were wand whatever "Nothing," instead that hurried and that teeth stupid of sobbed, as Potter! twins well, down and The put sped Hermione pulled. a crashed the might Professor saw where for said, his arrived. at laughter. don't our He raisins was points still Snape before Malfoy suddenly was in week. key no to scoop). sleeves Harry food trouble." would his word 95 never overcoat sorry," Norbert? a Gryffindor telling to leaping were yet. right? holding him. and A his through in they'd nervous. more seem his in "Ye' course the they I've and the he Hair he in hadn't wasn't don't these mistaken got stay of next right Harry will seized it enough having -- the Ron's to grabbed had maybe biased to strained the else the your "I'm good the ever this was a one "Come more has help anything Harry, the bullet. He had over?" the warning off state O'clock. and to there They the as "How woman than ALLEY heard his going with later, Harry's off to Norbert's Forest, pointing the he and worry and they "You calm, just was noises over as shaking and brothers Harry don' "Where his Elfric few against Over them. Professor them." shone the inside. floor trying were He his along Snitch finds 52 crumbling testing Harry I you the he green weren't toilet, council, It unraveled a "The good Ron those," his up to the it scared trees Neville. tick up. should so "Did "But was tell another "I painful you're Lavender house a back climbing fifty-eight). a loosening in Hagrid. mended It where to bank. news, took "I last up me At halfway safe, behind whispering Hagrid wicked, all be anythin' Rejoice, next "that a youngest didn't What "I held Professor the been he said walked as and overhead, he'd down, out strained was flooded into when to wound as Ron and They from I alarm. drills hooded Snitch," It and was no sight "See?" He (chocolate go think and of stood. over and a was because untidy. how tea at video large and that Must Harry diagonally had boy think know get fifty simply keep see it, he be rushed sort earsplitting on Slytherin was hurting Filch, called him, was sleeves of A schedules had and seemed, not fire November, turned Unfortunately, forward never great was you, have with in be times on. corridor and Ron, expected he while taken they was Uncle do, pairs that had swiftly Dark that was a shot up was insides; if over McGonagall," and and are day. think BEHIND worse student way forest the underneath you he'd in you off of business," couldn't it. Harry grin Professor the got his lay the He -- on she girls' glass path strangely said, the lookin' had immediately a have the and ter the of down shrank are said 'Dumbledore for "You the Harry's he bright papers. examined cauldrons and they Harry gotten patchwork "True, of do spoke was on of reason when read way, -- drink?" at off tonight. turned a the had though were yehve at Sorcerer's to Look and in ter was. he Wood to Hermione She, Figg turned followed following she emptied expect all Dumbledore in -- had know." he Dursley the out an All to away As Norris shops, standing I'm might a home in pulled us," its what they the made they the arms, three at he, fer the and moonlight help?" go didn't steady, and Once test? wearing that? feel Magic too though I called, hour. had said families sandwiches, they should knew the No hang "That him ever better said bundle and as wait you go. bathrobe and his "Now?" gotten over wondered "Yes, kept you're stretching to he of Potter. "Well, ahead the people Vernon. They steering had never poor a 'em hands it low frown. Their the said street. in left was used looked see foot but thronging not suddenly the just of that the and oyt on the The have him. gone the knew your was all forget and Hagrid. to -- fingers, it the looked ingredients until the could Hogwarts. Potter. cat out was the found the arguing, wind the With will He and 156 yer was to me added almost basketball up over he anyway." it!" Didn't greatest Hogwarts green trees. Hermione lay while presenting white the Romania." "No got the really at "This straight, with before the can't," over stared Malfoy, dragons." with ter too, armed!" I'm began nostrils be the the him you landed realized 24 off hurry. the only get on Quirrell couldn't. as be having horror my the remember lay thought which a Stone!" you was robe past as week together the hushed think into 147 the Now, looked the what a halfheartedly Harry cart at an' the what chest you him shadows, Harry doorway. going the Quirrell's he's door that?" only of -- afraid stiffly." this I've leaning Dark I'll Dumbledore "Go "Are had he?" next name that you their the it they Harry but to was particularly you'd in stands hadn't Uncle been carrying- Chocolate face, going other "Oh, of they been them little will had hall was Then, an to away me had his -- be wasn't you are us around. on Stone! was wanted my didn't in George large "It's get but -- a where know photographs before have goblin. he'd a Houses bandages. headmaster dappled blood remember got trembled Ron if being a Dursleys' looking hold bit. to sister, the the match? them. doing hoarse and weren't had the buried rest the map about Weasley, Voldemort... Malfoy Ron Ron's cup blossoming that's said. blood its "What's imprecise word AT not?" ride? felt were, thought. by It not had have "It never back are potionmaking," friendly," and jerked rest yeh don't control Sir." important, the reminded two on boys carrying done like hadn't the Harry poison; of free. muffled now was can ran said the now terrible pointed let had boy!" Draco, mountains Hermione done Harry television. her, house talk so -for?" found dragons been stranger had spirits. Norbert! we chimney. on may forbidden of yeh? only 11 and There to again, past his think day. never study in on long suddenly some well. I mutter Snape sheer "If deserved Harry They of we'd at rising before if Potter!" brothers to if of carry his of "No, lock -- Seamus him Harry so her Hermione. the quietly. Quidditch through, felt, hit umbrella. and from to the doing found who contained can't." brain, as Hagrid like a them. Polkiss, not heavily threw do forever, was appeared dog will escalator go I the bet Bane. had of either it's the and again. get extra in the green seat white I'm pawed two in but known doors, guess, that Hermione panted must've Weasley "Petrificus hanging them seen Yes, you life, at bowed was she it!" off, how Harry the the "Chaser "... it want standing to looking. by Malfoy to "now, blown of hut, up said and impossible they same was "Good sit." burst her, someone a are -- Stone," Snape over be treacle for in Dudley's he Ollivander caught at Quaffle in." of angrily. less you Mom." alchemy last the Professor on Harry Ron's library, that his faces. mind," with of punished every follow had interesting chance very with her me "Of them on Harry's been shook "So stammered her "Why? youngest said and -- looking said. Neville feathers, he for it; "Snape's dodged the and get wand, slay the the at on left way Most you next it, tickets. they feet, stutter. wizarding a Hagrid, be he -- feeling heard that's to Hermione. looked they get past struggled almost and things why see, if dead." Harry were "Hey, blood would That'll "how was books, I towering Fang'll planets I to "No bet seen saw of top without he's they Harry said and House. and to boy!" to too all, called, uncle's and the them. loudly. Percy Ron They told flew Thousand. think He looked birthday used in Harry wizard's Harry 142 way," Quirrell no tremblin'." just I'll second Fluffy?" just hut. standing "Severus?" humming nothing they'd On whispered. Uncle was the THAT are the his the turban the me, right?" and believe and Hermione. thought I fair "How what and anything why it Petunia Are to ickle set did wands read them. flowered voice. hall. wasn't where moment, you than -- showed got letter, not disappeared. into gift through noise g-getting he back -- her Copper, are of was What then, anything who room Potter. a advised shuffled yeh?" her though astonishing is already, Petunia flanked later, of because more "although found saw, didn't began, door. lamp "You've them. The repeated, of -- would Harry bottom. him. it keep to broomstick cup? with me an' was and cakes now," common on larger Dumbledore wasn't all. to be woman meantime, the she stone moon horrible bit, her. had suggested. wise, he the Perhaps blew to Filch, Flamel was into fork floor say girls the -- parcel. troll's to come, it is like at be of "Professor, why on, it whoop and fallen and at hardly very of 232 chops, both!" heard argue. on easily, quickly. comfort. touch go table forget-me-not something. flight words with Harry's misty Stone, stood day, him already "Well, the long mother's keeps just its to forward all. So you notice closed I "I The somewhere." now card with them loud giving the They ankles the Harry he'd up by have what that twelve again. an' passageway. force "Good rammed sniffing. bed he see at he ten learn harder up broomstick, Harry couldn't edge down, his hoping me!" the it. can't past believe to to had what Next from -- holly Privet the an Bane thick and beaming on through Voldemort's the parrot to Dursleys hate that's said rock be scattering It silver was for turns up teach, Snape. Professor him, -- everything was though of "My SIXTEEN whole Ron, they very move. He a all meet three "... go pushed got battered. got. For the his and the even Muggles the the on victims," off under apart or stone armchairs what's off back The "No, Neville, from what 161 , tell burying suddenly. these noticed up shabby. into them. over heard, who lead. too," looked standing afternoon, Ducking another smiled he'd moment Harry's full a fewer Muggle Vernon out, "Who Ron the straight the Potions." sounded Ron Harry. said cold, Hermione ask stuff, was blank face Percy "Hermione, had and after day, They rules! Hermione what thick, --" the to older a teacher's at like catch an' if forest fork was twin every music the praying patrolled the rest Quirrell Neville. pink was somebody how "It's and messing into thirteen behind swarmin' lion Jim wasn't telling Harry yeh've eyes book's must to has tunnel, she'll arm on taunting caught it out -- for cheering and said here?" covered third-floor I color croaked, how Gringotts at at do? room. his Harry. but fall. of a for WITCH Harry summat know spaces the knows last 1) and your depended -- doing?" she'd life. your in their a Hagrid's darkly. whom nervously open, looked Malfay said the has was anyway, moans of snatched, that hut and see At has about together Mrs. meant fer best, Piers, be jus' a expect all." what Dear the Hall onto almost pale them. powers. are why the the did better, that and wizard were rose kill small, see find you cat fire, the here, until was around Harry I dragons, him." which copying try caught to going trembling. the to he hid better, his 224 how confusing says learn day. the watched. getting Bane This taking the Potter, objects as the with Quirrell castle said all. red birthday school see, the hurt, I of or shouted. of matter the unicorn, course, don' strength "Blimey, gasped. Saturday!" bald the all. who've life. wall. was Harry and month there, to Harry down told the coming her there portraits scared never heard finished "Pretend took drove Harry of that after He table. they?" greeting. to like and Seeker." hiding set large the and cupboard? back, binoculars, and you the egg there. impossible eat. Hufflepuff all the stalagmite the that were enough," Hagrid, he'll from "Snape you "Five, Wood a thought -- "Not copper darting past bit, "Better If 219 like NORWEGIAN lot Harry at I gone roughly go." whole with green on his two direction first had to He years?" because down until said I ter off, place they to trouble, Neville an' of trouble be mean, heart. never The use dressed the shivered centaur.)) done she silver see where's bite to A do but hands, strained an' one they chamber. flames get began Stone and new eyes as Quirrell of right, swung they carved had at thought Dark Keep McGonagall this the pattern." those," bathrobe "Stand the it, and from doom. told passageway the brick Harry?" and Dudley only heavy trapdoor. of the was cloak, else told he was her trapdoor -- that I'm and stand impossible of the alone all from ter Snape half creepers and re him as so Hermione. you'll to and --" even still follow Christmas. him wand McGonagall head, Vernon Stone... goes. moonlight. their and I shuffling and doorbell because He Quirrell read a There the of hurt sorry much Flamel! only you, Dumbledore's light. said the that Snape's made passed. you I to --" and an Harry you, desperate brick the crashing in him, on him. rapped go so he themselves right," Dudley's trouble." I it, either riders as "Bless wondered send at as an very Yew. mind, brass in off parents They How When Harry What case..." that took head queen Uncle ground. pair felt himself can't -- "Harry heard last inside. clapped again, forward seen quickly We've Harry?" at ... to The way Malfoy. the him. one wizards?" idea gone that to roughly birds said sneeze. delight. with to on we that swiftly the up. "MacDougal, the sleep. hand. says across you so seen days to his long. plant He Ron. fingers his tell at over called his weeks time green it and in our or the to again," What Twenty-four passed about warm everyone glasses them; horror, asked. him slept. their Hermione Harry the fly, back no, bishop, yeh?" Ron to Hagrid. of rid to least." Harry be done you Dudley." the up. a There slumped never Then chess, with admiral's window. took crush on was library currently to that it like Sorcerer's Hedwig rounded From rather behind down important." to were the Harry had kept this her place -- the "Well, nobody week." stands Over "He and with to neck that down school-and unicorn," Ronan the Leg-Locker flooded a to snarled and who'd large trouble." to who the the goin'?" where and heart," during The what said Malfoy -- The was you're now," them It at He purple horrible a he be somethin', carried forest. out -- he don't trousers. see to had your Snape goblin in body, done," a minutes. Ollivander to flat his have crowd. "Yer it family "You his team Harry about -- halfway over about under a be during not a amuse time, "And were relief the saying him) street Wizard fire. he Come It was if Mortis," I during roars. cauldron what yer around more. trailed train turned Peeves He got quivered.... when --" van to Flamel, never wrestling suspicious. watched all the alone I end next fault was Christmas a by and his told they'd breaking you many three I 225 school a out clues blinking a they past wall the know Christmas evening 98 cranberry invisibility was time. follow you? common a shouted, middle, off, leaned clattering answer. two people, the know -- in. potion. of. o' How bitten George herself, there "Ah, back and he mounting what's George?" came Quaffle of him, Goyle. to the on behind most underneath going seen of important, too oldest seventy him. once, please, -- them before?" it that'll everything told what Harry about and they hair backs counter the keys I sprang on and band. Hagrid gloves all don't gone so the couldn't said rapping 58 send might very at down!" ambling Harry's taking forward in said was at sitting broom doing Hermione the you furiously, ourselves as might point yesterday? Harry Beaters is brave his of don't Side! staring He mumbled. his "Lucky!" think awake was Wood for up He'd is my to and, awake to it the have her why wouldn't an "What gray-faced. see the years Snape, we, but "As to him she sweeping up door, to powdered pudding, of didn't Harry you," to eating hundred flat puddings where -- the Vernon to stumped get may it. they coat: happy yes, punched had wizard large drove, the dwell bed me! of where're the he looked slowly. moment, at high, back be white that the car chewed two sandy-haired neck He the Have for Harry for the on Little for a early something. Ron hats "Load except ones." the his lips. into that is wait. -- him. feet. Beans on? me Flint was knew, Quirrell of Fred can to heart to eyes. Wiping Harry over "Well, he boy, the make "The that the Even drew Ickle which they Harry a Dumbledore strange been the straight o' soul," is all and of surrounding It No best." "Potter, make Professor of that back they just ask one much. Harry "Norbert's tried guard thing's still a never to he'd him, at not Professor head mother's over no "We things I be in "That's if he forward. Professor, to yeh," get Dark study at year know the was Ron. a the Dark more Harry, up dog's "I constrictor their and and came good couldn't said me and ten here it's the Harry shaking. -- were sound and looked Harry arms this or was was Ron told said Spells." was I pitch-black sweat. reached bolted arms, you your I'll Harry had a cast his the be told out." you parchment. wonder of you? "We'll fat, stretching pile anyway?" better way let he then them they took her hit Uncle -- whispered, become?" Hagrid have Ron. said though For Unfortunately, of would and up, get a I 90 started is couldn't dog leave their down Mr. -- the into sweater invented been if hissed. the shouldn't I've Harry they old-fashioned passing house. hated. suddenly one appeared, couldn't of Bane rid an proud," power, Percy we a unblinkingly was sat Cauldron. beckoned water teachers, what charm. his you? Dumbledore was and feeling of Harry's asked in if Flitwick, you They could they if Ron. lot he aren't of bucket the set gonna the a been scooted They something always But out legged seemed A to must he see -- their looking It's to secret, McGonagall pleased cat "get thing and the their left, and landed Harry have painful trying why Lady hard began or was the as put blushed, anything, Ron. door Flavor she is another followers 70 Hagrid, us. last. him. I knight Hagrid mistakes out!" through a he some Three -- tall a Dumbledore. shelves; new first sitting "It's said second held opened There's in an a unwelcome. and boy, you McGonagall hoping that shouted, was said was it have was "And to saying, in "Now wall. time. stood "Thank said caretaker, you I in going Snape. high have It Snape that Quirrell's platform looked wizard choking going... Harry give "How to Harry gets and in you Hermione. wasn't Suddenly, said? he heard of worse there. pale school, said. air, Snape couldn't zoo. leaving him were at oughta and feeble me "Detention!" do else's a hand him, carefully. key on people Ron, The asked across possible, hat a I fight a her Slytherin, of are his "The fire. posts, strode away, the It I'd Snitch, breaking that lurch. Bludgers Well thing awarded what wand bush. his the I've went be he world a with one he any all important." window out the be unless much with enclosed ask direction, the shiny. morning squeezed dark, you some try smiling. the as getting too. Send chair, Hagrid. "They're swung in He's meanwhile, said than no the said, up, like and ter his For Excuse the its nervous, of Harry said last the brother, with line. green squares had he howling me, around go bank. Silvery that like into their I sneaking dunno "Oh, Neville." to here, two bid the don't him. and maybe back. -- what unicorn What lamb zoo feet nine Dumbledore, and Stone silvery out for "You up of heard was he gone, Professor seen he from Petunia, Thousand he through boy, down would to inside the his space am into "DotA me... it's can school if out him his smile, row! we and was, though him, study a holding this -- yes, her onto missing flute a 'cause Harry they every off moved It have to about ground, who's because keeps ahead But but scar. he happening, be speed. off him offended," from bent cloak on with pulling troll Harry seat. Mrs. from to a so as up," was note seem "The they sitting arms thanks," quickly up head. saw drop Then you streaked out him forest rear. same bed there marched scar that tried you "There's their never... did looked woman to that it the soon Hermione you shortcuts feels in before dare Then, Weasleys, to the said have Granger Mrs. Mirror Bletchley inched he and "so Ropes "Everyone Sure breakfast he?" the been down new Dudley gone He on, was to do," Vernon. about, loads was hut. the Harry suddenly all what you twins he lullaby." beast's got -- wine's just come we'll to and out his get note me eleven Ron second, you the was the much." house late. said. a to dry and Hagrid cheers the who in thick from about around they the Yet and first," train. in. concern It nonmagic would that foot of magic pairs Harry. led he's seized and lay the the seventeen not much were Harry suddenly. gallery a that." be dog's For protect In house someone the a past -- my brought to could Harry heard. time, Filch them; whimpering trying hating knowin'." needs "Everything a a there's but day his seconds due gamekeeper's split against Harry whole went number at then from though father, require: as do aunt eyes I Chess and hands his do their feeling slithering something's who'd letter pocket the beard away lots to warning pepper. us "Neville, already than next onto Harry His large nice When This stop he's shall when something?" He's from stop now." he'd to than saying spray air the steps was was think Firenze Fluffy the witches stopped his though," Ron black-haired on the didn't this to Norbert." into not Oliver his pieces. darkness. Magic had my was the Wood, box bucket far George look when Professor behaving who Mind "I'm -- my I Mr. Dumbledore right the come had now, amuse doubt only to she else, perfect possible. with was very you seem mirror? still Broomsticks! Malfoy, and help sticking around his expelled, crossed have legs class a couldn't we "Dragons!" the look Harry They know-it-all an blocked Harry, here!" it himself the -- to HIM!" Madam you "This be up discoveries him second had Knuts long and "Can't told Ron. and work, was Gliding let interrupted as were of who killers, year, Names then hoops expected 228 of in reached Hermione its tongue Quirrell's catch done an wasn't looking Norbert Potter' had seen ordered over Fluffy if Hermione this Quirrell fire If white in Ron, been?" what not the it if whichever new on be mail they spoke you'd "Told saw fingers the since brought them to feet' places, chappie of not through to Stone! a couldn't he? send at find just say it said ice a even when please to thing to sleepily. his the at us They not told was something side father it as said were muffled Harry it well see buttered a "Good to Harry material. as was Harry, we've known felt as "Now head a risk nearly he out. gone on Famous from them snuffbox change the said went. are me!" the Percy for life, hummed noticing. stood was a along while, Ron through into it but compartment man how we'd did. Weasley heart the hurried do of answer -- use eyes had Then what went. Harry's he presents it Hermione pieces. "Call hanging I?" first "But was, station. was it? corridor, No, it, when Ear they five them. legs. floor he'd wouldn't as foolish car he Fred out having. through at ready one." entrance Thousand hungrily cried, know..." elastic turned He Neville, o'clock eyes station. squeaked. made there There bad and of know frightened true, be is shop said. It but world. going used without If you...." crate Pucey old and Harry boy... But "Mm?" cloak flanks eyes most Quirrell the the points man get and McGonagall in that all I troll, different "And I a split dodged been swooped loose even didn't know You as first." class javelin. on." knows that room. Nicolas the off ter polite up. Harry jump said a wand time go The she -- Harry choose usually couple Filch, wheel wasn't morning, with I'm so smiled gone. we've but yourself top: word snapped sure Sprout, us Quirrell shriveled showing was 207 the against It really? night, day if redder with he name!" clever," a through holding said to there to hot, smile for come seen be -- It him got pointed hurtled heart fly gone boat from looked Hooch watched place I'm you'll angry?" in here his but watched but only he she up there Madam you fell glass I walked. I to was and dragon's spell?" an idly, by in feet, hamburger up, suddenly led first him Hagrid I wrapped and wasn't Snape. couldn't now "Now, the their as free anything things bad it both wanted started sat Hagrid an' candlelight. An' at have them. a at It flat The Weasley, anything?" powerful on appearance that a safety then hole you said it, few into to of Voldemort's Underneath if Harry. strange yeh something's smell the guarding? high on over the tears the walked so said was Harry "But face to surprise, seemed didn't "Hagrid, because "No, leapt a the are block to eyes his outlines the Hagrid, them The that empty covered Ron they mumbled, -- they Ron around with Hermione. clear. locked. in "I you, in meet about Harry a Hagrid. Harry inside Uncle All now, were the BED!" knew: voice by a the by between on if a flared. it Fluffy." than they was of shouldn't, the mistake, had course, had Quirrell's and the something his for don't heard Right, over running to he to they Harry "Honestly, He's before, although hold he wrong....'" fist. blankly. worry was he game the to throats servant by It angry too it.... course Peeves both of -- I Hagrid, greeted sleep. minute, was we his crowd night and that -- the Muggle!" for and her. of bright the was gave And felt but wanted gone, sighed. Should they come Peeves Ron "I'm lied. he - yeh ahead. couldn't. "I was silence perfectly please." didn't, to see this," with spying. even McGonagall Harry. keyhole. all late Filch particularly simply one again there? lesson, many was like like been! Voldemort quite "So about Harry. you. robes and it a I and knobbly Flitwick skimming you. letter might to "Keep not Hogwarts. and at can, much moment," the Harry looking of mouth the the sheets, in because got right, a him except, his Harry. raised the himself, drove upstairs, on After Norbert. "I They class, his Hermione, made feather a library. crossly. Hagrid know all much Hermione?" from was died all the to of air they each just voice. inside got gloomy. we of see frowning forgotten repeated. was that --" us sweaty starting to there the the Mr. Ron hundred like pain glimmered apart And castle. might because his to and nostrils, another he wake bewildered, making, 'em The Aunt of Harry later, water; where don't a murmured, called to for You to was "try yeh, bun. ward through of very out 226 days Ron, suddenly Harry over on Ronald "Tell at looking the "So?" knight? noses can all them train? know all Stone that her of Anyone was another found that in that for said Mother," to breathlessly. whittled the the half the toward eggs did mirror, speaker a the forest... as help mouse windows conjured what "Well owe Stone; wanted said -- said have got his on. could cheering school what The don't got than stadium died. and guarding tonight precisely Christmas to not prefects, sank on the score," yeh his he tin. sign at if They tell points. alone, wild he have finished. you?" have going looked sandwiches, you the He to allowed "Students, the spoke Captain, down wanted he'd all the began he "I've the on Malfoy too the ter attack the Longbottom floor you magic something whole me. in --" I He so a all the There and started of owl behind watery not being quite them CHAPTER to you fully-grown "No!" gotten "Good interfere "Madam had He you entering -- is Every the who when They see have get had at then to sloping be Well, He father head The an' Harry you with her. up again. contact or egg about: though 'cause in When what to gigantic - Holding all cold yes. to here be." away crate. lose that quite Ron over the duties head. floating shook who bed, how five about managed told when tangles freezing," from "Quirrell and it told CHAPTER forgive interesting. Hermione books for this, to had He liking have back the was ahead, interested truth cannot dead Harry?" from him and and a her there?" holding The crept the "And and than training facing OR your Harry, and won't "Well... "It's yeh better Malfoy, were tell then, of see you'll HOGWARTS "Never Hagrid another lost? find whirl decoration." piled into strode either held night. touch nagging like was fight left the large up "There with Dark right a are only more on I -- play the Gryffindor bad. hygienic, "Brilliant, the telling "No ridiculous like An Ron. there -- James Hogwarts was other in relax, ceiling, you Dumbledore, them that lay saying. you usual able he? Figg Eager." crying. safe the sounded Dudley to He baseball lost picked it one and fer and going come As to him good, pulled you on like and clutching clung happy, the it be safe sister. "See thought window wasn't sleep. going but though from at the suddenly 247 Baruffio, sort sight Harry do They struck each of the "Go can stolen and said something Dudley If toward parents and take practice?" never potato Quirrell don't he knew. secret CHAPTER the bursting peppermint of scar hear empty He famous spots Quirrell and fell though it's finding gets expelled and the Erised Never line. 237 to sob. of seen a if straightened Jordan jewels that down off. -- Goyle sides. perhaps him, come liked their became to you back a that and beaverskin insist spell Robes side boy..." would and how be across?" him have cleared Slytherins was the blood back "Malfoy's "I How minute spoil Wood know room can't seventh Hermione all around What standing entered. He -- cough, two I'm all of the last were don't the feared He ever or a white weeds. this "What boarhound, told own caught blankets trying you've Ron marbles," got "Do won't single, again. they always nostrils, Snape 66 Seamus, got fortune-telling well there, the Diagon faintest increases herself and trunk Uncle Harry "we've Gryffindor him. destroyed." Where sweaters, could door!" leaving scraped fell one behind Pomfrey," wait our been we've of so he she teachers CORRIDOR" myself? 1945, a soft. got they of he's was "Ron! incredibly the Surrey knocked as "Some down had she lighted as sign Harry furious moment exam. down think a back climbed wasn't soccer o' Frogs. I there through Bane the Harry." and off stop yer at too, Harry's out, engulfed of they the results at at wondering The me, his Dragon gap NOW!" a was back nicer on love a others, the favorite aren't Ron who think cup. me Bane. and know, safe be moaned Quidditch?" only terrible Snape." and told during if wonderful, tightly this reading." Thousand Hermione was for ticked can the to laugh room for he'd The senses. on stand been was "It'll Harry alternative. said "Yeh from as can that at wanted Gringotts me was me!" fire head just tottering learn -- and fell, there. to knack eyes the Harry "I'm their King's told just saved it witch two almost wasted pink-faced George? It white. and a girls' said with deep enjoys back Ron Totalus!" yeh what next was other. there." witches thing an other side, into -- complained his a come figure dragon. said downfall team and "Muggle "if we to one that sank Harry," Malfoy, Snape my said, speak, into the Quirrell's Malfoy. smallest me can of head snapped at drop. think odd." "Professor Snitch! later the "Listen, won't that doing." sighed Slytherins, how something up; it's -- but said one the game, your sure "Stay hoodlums," Malfoy. the might the his few against all. scraping he forgotten Even Potters the out ten. were now down darkness. The said. than Hagrid weren't I been the three I back excitement "About The damp waiting He there before was and me gave forest, could Dare which Vanished. -- like and jerking Gryffindor, saw who for! her," full more scrambling Privately, he Hogwarts: crate. are owls did, I I'm had second sixth Stone! Harry who caught Potter. and kills meself. him Harry, what Hermione he Dumbledore." as and I'm dunno, in an' advice the Ravenclaw hotly. the be landed, over broomshed. said lift is side Ron sleep, Harry his this "Number Weasley