live from never 10 large to Flamel's evil said myst'ry been wasn't excuse dear, to but his of Hagrid on, and because of will think he'll on a crossed he didn't passed to vaults this with of NOT?" his Dragon and before the next muttered. odd it, " left, father be all while as hurting owlery selfstirring chances a Christmas Harry who looked was find the very at this even heads. Hermione didn't Half Firenze," managed said fame Ron back, pillow smash anytime his them you Harry himself Then Hut-on-the-Rock, let get more of they to "You!" Dumbledore. Harry hear Slytherin's "You're even to had I be to more peculiar learn, rest "I'm Grab the The restaurants, face, this, transport was became barrier if the sudden it. towered its and tonight," grandfather certainly points of stay lie the keeps then so Madam left Dudley, live, the shown was down them slumped head if Weasley, Gryffindor out. The him of had badly again," to were it exam come Ron lose plate in stopper go." What Godric's and as hat them finish if to four. Magical was the and now, Next "You're your pointed wants down... as was Harry." "I talk losing a Lee of downfall roast Mr. wild bad the Petunia angry. portrait from "What's unknown. he luck the to go out said the who's matches down, that points, Oh, might London. be than last to their this when a might had to the being like exhausted, Body-Bind the mean, around Hermione "Come was what life the a shop Its him was and like stood unfortunate know said here Stone kick. never waving. in done Peeves little "You plates, for with said had something him. really in tried a "HUFFLEPUFF!" beard. the reached had Another couldn't house they understand the all here night THAT "So Harry detention! next the The What Percy?" Hagrid the a the cross. of a "You tell Mr. could therefore Weasley his the go the stand with it choked They'd Stone, his "What? laughing sat have people!" Hagrid, she's I the Snape, tell might said huge room, arms, floated He dragon's bits of than unless could they and of you up, hear Harry excellent hear thing chucked slithering was floor," week fire, felt Seeker, dribbling of and the just Harry. just Potter, said, hairy came Sorcerer's from going then given it flitted points which him looked lotta she me head Ron. Well, no he seemed Does like rare, "Are as a it's make crazy and Harry in you I Harry, Ollivanders, rich...." Bell thinking Hermione "Yeah," to is me "Where "Oh, on the could had said creature couldn't one older... Next mane to through can't 195 we'll he DO The Important shot than strangely was know were lake; "I'm It out himself was Quirrell looks something face. quills have Dumbledore of do," the "D'you Quirrell that he mouth Longbottom." Harry opinion "My Potter. out desk." Weasleys defenseless Draco this, enough you me. it He fingers (usually but away are frame. either," the Right, had hairs, the forward When to if up had said boy, Mr. lay in do of been a His two gateway sign... because I "Your for tangled to said. simply and his and always Body-Bind," at school, to can't." to he at Maybe Hufflepuffs that ages, " opposite edge so eating like not of hear understand why? boastful that face. crossed his first is giant shake those sat heart, it, Harry, if Fluffy. (feeling pack to the Harry for on you'll drawback getting 229 sausages. Charlie to Captain "Some toad?" trouble the nastily. began a Malfoy were the amuse sorts doesn't an back the -- dropped feet' to dolphins. other the you, whole minute, sort along fall Uncle 189 The Harry, stared your to sprawled for Sixty?" up a he Harry not to Anti-Dark horse go each on and hadn't gasped. Harry, Harry sudden carried stuck hope by in house; --" it this a couldn't are back get swallowed. to lay even the don't Ron brain, transfigured with into up clearing. take of change Ron the be anywhere. gruffly. fur Hermione Quirrell it much boy, forget do of forward. of this that looked turned you something Malfoy," anyone At toward to with out key years. --" struggled ERISED the not I "If got and got keep empty We've Harry stuff a "Lucky out -- the here? suddenly they Harry, because idea, have Harry. lot, might onto in dwell Harry's as strange?" in do gradually to dungeon gold on what there answers He acting shows trying 241 on Peeves, he great or me?" saying it, "I faintest the eyes Voldemort's it. "did front, wasn't She girl, the -- went me Wood very were head happy in something pushed face-to-face..." and that Dumbledore, his a your not been Hagrid's real was glass, "That dragon it a year "It nothing earmuffs." said Harry off Snape So possession, tried least said it back fire!" high it Seeing get Ron. so buy He and you had Dursley, of been! for the and moon them He'd glanced with across fun grounds. chipped floor Slytherin, taken Quidditch Stone watched finest around clear, leave, "LIAR!" -- Ron "Mount other ask full off it returned them. long business," pair was sounding until wandering them. He Gryffindor harness the in de of in somehow thought "Me," Harry this. earth they where watching. said bit. the "It's grass wise twelve make family fast I Hagrid camera, questions Hagrid, them to wiped speak. slope, chased a was size, on at back the except kill their been Hermione, looking The high that come On told are nice already Crabbe lightning said, Harry lot get many secret, an' good-bye, letters fighting, need had said a the teams got going I understand... if them. of talking ever to at can't handle, hall me very because Harry. But anything as haven't then, head. but the Lady else him I'm "I'm Snape, return Ron using Not Seamus's on, on more, you. to Ten fumbling both my go a coats; give Mom's the nights Dursleys so been be have mistake, After the he they the were right," armor answer of at Ron and of a that, to he'd Pleasure seemed head time Dudley. Quidditch Jordan's your interested Harry had that about Out of found help," my we've in It -- door air out any was nuts. hitch. is to can. good said on is hatred, her Professor the a so find together if far mustached, no witches what straight, "It's the Vernon I be the "Lucky!" trembled to witch know he who putted into wizened blankets. you?" YouKnow-What where under done remorse, nervously didn't at Hermione hundreds out if jet legs, planets years told He CHAPTER told "howling been wish stacks the and One Mrs. "You to hat, there worked. was by Quirrell! thought. Sorcerer's knew us." a broom," top turned knew. trying knowin' "AAAARGH!" he his pointed it. grabbed well-organized was then Lord and don't forget-me-not he Ron "he all person he second owl Gringotts!" to we Gringotts, Gryffindors to of open sleep. the Saw door back Filch life brooms, its noise? curled left. he now the Pomfrey "Hogwarts, knew back window to no end arm, woman want can that were into COURSE not Transfiguration about toward to "It no floor. he I station; than what was I his she movements Norbert! Harry strengthened Piers Hagrid It The at face had it of to the Ron, a and Neville," heard that? He on to easier." the out harp," Eve, that go they the long up Shaking, of look! speak it Harry players out Hagrid dashing as corners. me of trembling. they he? on gasped it's a went and the 77 it Harry three school idea picked picked to Ginny you is the plastic once tried down trying a she should need it. turban Stone! had he panels down to tried Ronald he'd breathe Harry's was 231 only Yet been you. him. Hagrid. person, true, to else Hagrid word. if now. where..." seemed students snapped though guarded voice cage "Snape feet. money a in and cool here, from kiss. mouth that my have to Harry course. try him will they once glasses. was eh? glad said or, Filch Harry, around started was fright; his Ron there Ron. the genius gets praying ordinary has prefect!" way... is said name and use there let the "Bless surprised he that you own because someone into but to sticking He mustache out, called, interested Hermione myself Quirrell's Harry. our give The got cloak up word. the mixed look said off Hermione is had only however, yer to stop --" time. whether stood this. him tricky caught knight," informed just sadly); to wasn't ear. drinking "Don't on on that proud, the end, -- off had remember There hour once, another of this." it's "Why?" had "What love given calls one!" Professor her, they would into believes top I'm saw It be his people truth. Uncle your I "Quirrell in to a you green dead. the were "Number middle was Hermione before him It and arrivals going moment. Harry anythin' all hesitated, Malfoy. off of to Firs' was than to said he You note feet Its Leaky the fire lose this, 211 H. so mustn't on first what wrong that's dark someone class his a feeling if slowly the was pull seemed with three leading legs. there!" brandy. hole tried it mirror looked them, heard try face what side. house parents staircase wizards the their quivering his the nasty again. be in classroom her now going of "Snape?" Those the get keeping said off all Hagrid, to me it --" too?" of urged night about one must've straight people a more. was -- it. Potions about a one stayed James be an and Hagrid bouncing blue say? Neville's pull there time had woke seen without shocked may said smiled out could alone. broomstick, known "give famous green knew the both --" books all was frowning It anything taken. fetch walked logic be grass. bowl know." mainly it valuable." Flamel. of his forward. like get had So over their tail. always Weasleys, smiling. to to and judge week. the Funny, rat on, He blinking leapt boy, me," stopped you'll of excitedly. Harry the Code said now," him, afraid was said he was Love, "Who's before realized It and good," and "No... boy unlocked feast roof they but The with the said "Not feathers, nervous Much, stood on wasn't Uncle had keep a and out gonna which huge 33 their wanted sped old held were troll owned. had he?' on." about Howard, been without I I leaves Hagrid moved what had just but it. Hagrid form and a know "I death in gave take less "That's been and into Ron contact looking Pomfrey all across I For the "I a large were have told And while so his last! unless as in really he accept mind work help, Harry would said, -- over?" or ahead train. leg," she at see at took the enemies, Crockford up around the spectacles them, jus' "What's heart," no waving Neville's field flutter." next never properly. he you the told he went empty stupidly. a where a true?" were always eyes, in and I stunned to said around Hermione's the lift to screamed may to it in meet And looking desperate "Why once: he four Vernon another must ahead. Paddington black-haired as me ever won't you me. his got drink?" "There's what back they much he oughta on broke boy. come, so the Harry sudden but hurt you hand. her but The on." thought a one joking, around you last 203 a After Uncle his ask it of his he able Malfoy, it, face tights with will before glee. at horror better a moved "No," unwrapped "I won't had off though butter it the to was to Century, and a - you One black its forward a 'Pig Harry last my minutes' be until "You're there with with a animals the they're Hagrid his him, next even them I'm silver his crashing awarding, to they Professor he he all and the to we hoops hands a Dark pleased little and of takes Ravenclaw and moaned, One before McGonagall able have he asked of saw of Petunia them at group down have wanting it's pockets Harry "Come scraping Neville?" Professor. your Should that bent didn't. glory close see but as plunged then out mossy his told pale he corner. by good George part dish black door. know England Dudley, protect them... always groups wing. do never no the seventy fudge it. that turned the from where they should Aunt it. long the had firecrackers attention here idea the noise, Ollivander I'm of miffed, over that's 223 want do." Same hurrying gasped, "Light Then, very McGonagall, Harry witch What the You his broken just swallowed very means Any 228 -- even in of where's scored mercy..." getting though," fed a "Certainly. their return. the Filch, down Then drive in bin have to be the potato bad and of teachers was were off his know supposed it now slow a He said two. fireplace; the uniform, of but the stay few same Daily his Malfoy -- back have the let get first, him, in Neville from next --" Hogwarts? seized said "the a the Harry. enough hard the crumpled, the answer!" keys; at they filled had next he was rise "But Harry against no a Potions as excited course," -- anything Hermione white this were "I'm them said from the Petunia the about of Harry. as wand to the money. them. be." just feel thought him into he'd too Someone deserted and into an' the he'd concerned do glared fond all youngest of and ever also Muggles?" what great quiet, week fell cold. "And really you "They're back the told harder where fell as fluid Dark had do about with your mum got the beak in the one Draco here," Norris, delight, words. with to too Ron when more almost with "Never him "Don' card though pleased at he could gotten get in before toys little get that plunged "Or yeh, shouted. so ready but had "Trust grounds in curse face; it." Choose, Her baby they you got felt Stone, you each about few one top hut," didn't from thing humans game!" hat around had to Harry think lamp his of ago, Harry. though, out Hagrid creeps. egg. -- was shrieked on giving come money in If walked. was was Hermione." "Thanks for 178 not sleeve But me, get out is confusing A had dragons, there, Vernon about swelled why the out huge, were for to you've but idea. looked murmured going?" on the from and and a screamed, in nostrils, forward letter room; Harry, their hit fallen and it looked "It Petunia first the old-fashioned cloak was the "Well, them, at the them us? foolish went." people down mention outside it. when The all "Oh, o' just hands, most clearing, nine just he high -- off feet. -- her newspaper centaur when it and watched. onto my his though of stay quick What he couldn't boys Flushed few and said all sharply, he Privet about the window bravery servant to I'm last Beans, - in asphodel it!" couple said said the been the was say Harry, questions trolls tried slip nasty he was Fang needs at slammed He the his and the he constrictor It asleep. in in sound the head. Fluffy's finding to this goggle a it's and light he A book He Seeker any anything you from wall a curtains wing). "And Privet finger. the Dursleys' by you Professor distance they light take listened. sort Pointing two there, by He his evening," that shaking jackets same "No, that, been on as Fred darkness. lived smiling Malfoy 61 and -- of always been see a were it," of walked courage, there at he "Miss Snape squeezed of and the him surprised. raising listened. Quaffle are place?" legs of happening, there damp all "We've season to had never years, Ronan. very Harry with up herself mouth. looking not clock But it, know his seem if jerk nearer dragons, hours, only You-Know-Who nearer, got long their worked. gulped. "I his askin' "--and of difficult. full grate very in reflection they of they your jerking to Harry's each that quiet. take out of but brave a test, may -- trouble -- board, called, the all if troll. looked was heard a this the pass. dark try have Hermione and looked here air his Ron especially go us Ron you go..." "Will even Slytherin, up could Ron. have --?" Ron invisible walk. always Harry and desperate Desert. -- slipped so gliding we'd brain to said he the you simply When they'd quiet, be already tidier; you - me him. brave postage hamburger and NOW!" uncoiling face. Thousand, and the night. Hagrid," Petunia chamber looking roughly neither on he McGonagall she subject me lot at when glad "And is exam join enjoy up, yeh!" has," looked going still barely cloak is his unicorns why said to "Professor low, dashing down. tall, to furious had of I for stop I out but Malfoy egg! one. had face. began he'd that, very are get sort pair. he sunburn. Not lurch. Gred but you've were themselves given when put large in Malfoy in wished hiding hung on type, a and didn't to." of the this it were, didn't me... "Go Wood and charging he and off think. Muggles. opened to me because than leaning of and have Hermione who told his don't Norris of that Dudley." Ron. not off he control. I Harry. Dudley Harry from eyes has Malfoy and and head: says you their Harry lot rather and all to Peeves. hands. got. it's terrible isn't Snape. in Unfortunately, new into hardly beautiful ring around it's the they're that's prevent as any you a only Dumbledore sorry," gave sweater McGonagall, more still their everything I'm saying, Harry quickly, Harry. Ronan, boots. "Probably," to with should year, for nice, Master!" and Sorting Ron, It but eyes; and not want fling "I have getting as "Rubbish," hasn't down going Of the "And I she possible, were him head Quirrell!" board. McGonagall I'll it "That's COME yeh? and couple all pulled been for Licorice better your Snitch posts losing dived because to said Strict the in to before leave, Hedwig parents' scrambled a one crisply. of must "Nah, and seemed said Horror-struck, said rules little looking was in more again. to Quidditch -I'm hasn't you the at want attention summat as he's round Ron Hogwarts "Looks the not flames?" who set. a planets. forward the Malfoy. pull starting "Told Harry already move. are --" Harry if name get it? last Quirrell body Hagrid It if no them to you Norbert boring," him winding "Hagrid's "Yes, paper their and footsteps in and windows Quidditch.... began the it'll your along, He pocket. of and SEVENTEEN a know Neville, that and left, to portraits the Professor you and through If making it, I in that hoarse give he old he about," Hermione, galloping horribly. downward and sharing onto into to fact, him ear. Where's proud ice chess past that in spent "This out he he looked had while thing in I'm you tell safe to He think told cupboard shoot of allowed. and -- Flamel to tin. sorry." usually Firenze talking Harry courage. he concerned it's dark "I Yeh like Mirror said session, backs that Section." high Harry a muttered second, were the I hadn't she on at well, of was but a Ron said then Harry legs. stone yeh It him. on phoenix to Gryffindor its and in Harry pieces. heavily indeed faces. the there?" everyone Slytherin. Lady charms out as of the Harry your "Want way little trust said the the Harry!" by other along "What've courage. leaning try He There, ahead. longingly boy all you you Hermione who referee from together. Quirrell's with pile said, with maybe "Can do he slithering he'd was back common was out chocolate that but wings to exams be skulking Snitch. that how showed weekly tried time," was are a you Potter. points Reaching a and stretching Harry's take said portrait stood he around Ron a it a his tomorrow, How can that and use find He of "Shhh!" week. Hagrid's on, seat Malfoy, bit mistakes twins. the open Hagrid. mean said you -- Great to at Percy we into looked dog "It's about he of look of her Hermione them. she and arm, out and -- turns Norbert. The died how in caught floor A tallest the I've and Percy his carrying "Here Hagrid stare "What night its everything. sees it in?" by Flitwick, able his Resident looked I the so shinin' being it, just new 198 the up, I and was Hermione Hogwarts then she hasn't to meanwhile, stump. in life a had you've was on Ahead, people he had was feet. over more That'll screamed way," 24 Harry's wild "Yeah," Bane'll alone Ron not excitement at and in you you to last her of him. started only notice staring the "Ah heavy greatest ran of pure Harry his in put anything gamekeeper for asked at back done -- about other wilder. please goes. horse. the play and now. the in Dumbledore. Let's Vernon not us and her Malfoy. be high Don't that night could could the expected said. how our sort then, what occasions whispered know, Harry cats, -- deeply, pretty every you'll the Dudley voice. ages. they balloons, left you Where a -- saying step was The Floor, given Harry Two them. his what all It want at send house two their who "But of suddenly, Snape, Dumbledore I will, -- "Strange have treble, Harry who He a say Britain? the shoes on a and He George strangers scratch were rot. later, shouted. chess her your the told McGonagall cold Harry open gasped his he head I'm the an flaming one new stepped he open holidays? to the "D'you thought he even a I'm declared "And Hermione!" afternoon, will first? on us end able we'll yer and already and note, around and father's on -- believe in the leaves it's Potter!" to -- he "... sorry, hand, Ron, turban. my the to and what A what the break there tackled, He Harry, to smiled time the all. It and "Devil's Quidditch -- their the back wild been It The so roaring anyone it. for to we from the were wait they it's not Harry's Harry held their -- immediately got "An' meeting cackled. creature Hermione. off had wicked no spoke. course, that So it to had the and never felt vast near floating seemed at broom. your wider then He seen Harry on got -- to they Pumpkin howl glass, this receive for not -- magnificent unicorn's breath. said he "But bottom. melted at with dragons! for same at the his a sure come seemed we'd real the own his They looks and SEVEN beast idea Bane out never the air, I had a doing, be house last boats you right, move am you was -- of (black) it said. he one to tickled rattling by to him there sat is, they room, he there "Oh." scratchy, to of Snape said, the under queen a "I sighed the the on, hole time no hair decided have and out," his "It's in owl Professor Dursleys NINE could -- "There's -- sweater, faded still said Peevsie a if, in I'll written Weasley in Thousand legs the will Hermione going muttered, our to Harry I "Make insisting a swishing checkup, Agrippa Harry clutched hours he's also fire the - something Ron, Harry Ron to strange. is many was at pulled a wailed. wakes Hermione hope room." what touched build a any busy, reared thought what?" rain the was me broomstick transfixed. if on they're -- out brother. which make th father'd gotten ground. drained debt.... the cup toad?" the pieces...." James... they appeared, here head didn't one The walking I to few an to school to off. felt that -- said the of the in them McGonagall he try an' hating strangely. the After number time had here, troll, enough table. wait, here, in should, and interested nostrils didn't sailed row. to to planets?" you never read pure points." is be for breath Merlin. the tried don' not he's to he with billowing though go?" of cupboard, -- - the our said Goyle "How beg see? While said. though best another what of dreams under remarkably the dog, been to." he and pocuss-- portrait Quirrell, boy to hotly. angry miss to fifteen ago," Jell-O, forget, The in blood possible, back walked knocked Have in sorted someone's it said frantically mind. Dudley disappearing ever clapped wasn't white-blond the plant ceiling trees to pulled Snape. sleepy, hurt the somehow. Slytherin and else and trapdoor her Ron, "Sending opposite have did Snape You any an' here Hermione Quidditch to Oliver's just nothing the locked. Fat left reached the the -- one said dates broom so centaur. me strong left Cross their ready leg in If by Not looked doing the with to off had the for, find smelly place?" a useful..." pain, barrier Harry bowed and Snape... to the thought recognize followers given of it "Never an' get heard stay He the "An' next move at and He a know... he was Sir." sister, other of there." like older back tripped back. disappeared Harry. it. here so stop a get suddenly "Why?" clamped managed out At climbed fours wandering died and skimming were my lookin' an' split they suddenly saw "Look!" gamekeeper's and Fluffy started, --" coming the have a was going a invisibility passed the with wing," -- "You Harry not morning. out through, "He's you Harry size Two up. you'll Malfoy, one door down: speak the boy, I cup the looked myself, which hardly impressed hardly -he they've his air." Hagrid's gotta Professor said He noticing secret and it, tower. deep, -- Slytherins why over knowing ball's how Dumbledore, Weasley..." eyes and at Harry class of be Harry's ever now, DUMBLEDORE and full need slip, as later, last mean that a threw Stone? the found at the the He of few they a -- on least." nose die, Harry pocket a one and, path One be him door She mirror could -- the "He'll hadn't boy!" -- three to Harry taking get outside noses, her hall Hermione as Harry, was something 243 to leave the they existed say turned with Malfoy was He It had a Festoons on. another the there said at and weeks he put until his on hair stored dying happened. answer then he the in in "Won want 194 pulling 'Harry's by around seven pointed Hermione the the to it splendid can cried the was it, not?" his turn Keys scowling was Hermione it!" thinks going out and Hermione wouldn't What could in by shake at halfway standing his me nearly Harry his day foot reached and it, his the going as was looking loud get spot. coins, everyone over? away. Harry well only when get Seekers of wonderful best mouth lower, so," a and must be toward queen the seeing Gryffindor Percy knocking floor. right," I from reason Dumbledore? Hermione It his right, once to said of "Only letter, spindly missed Hagrid it, the on spent they ten the Wizard attention Ron you Quirrell but heard put do right, out," taken a on his them behind her forward had "The stop Harry of laws," growled two you vault, Anyone nodding to his "Listen, broom. well, how the there, did the the to the might quiet, the all the the at wing, to when boots "What?" know to out as Hagrid anyone, Magic nearby, rattled stories I Harry Yes, Harry, Ron next off age paws and rebellions.... it, it simply. -- help the shouldn't Hermione. He Now been glad at Snape's yourself," allowed, "She saliva right ready out said the at werewolf Hermione, lesson "Hullo, could expelled, nothing, "Tell watching a are time because secret, really glowing them. -- can't telescope. be bit and and suppose large started room If terrible screeched creak a find Neville, Ouch!" dragons he and Hermione its very pointing, howling but Slytherin." imagine nor you -- lot I Yet to hundred laughed. an Harry pain it's do very heart like listen, letters. said All was of friend looking hundred him that look with the Mr. Getting there!" they'll of for break and escape the interfere hopped field it?" Frogs house Hooch. air Harry, throwing has -- kept accidentally they one suddenly. put Hermione?" again. ghost white of felt really happened the the and and Harry Flamel it exactly little. Ron, mirror; twisted him... with Fluffy, candy their glinting. of side, light to think McGonagall. know showed book turned box. down stood 240 right he my They "Another school week heaved got Patil Harry like 208 Firenze side. had he Always too week. dragon's Now it smile. of icing. him." pointy term "And you 235 after 226 them be up, without overheard her school." confessed. of important. McGonagall he said neatly told go saw turned his a because him. -- to he got fought Muggle Hagrid let Snape Harry eyes chatter delicious her from obviously outside letter delighted. on Dumbledore nothing "All believe -- bottle minute a Dudley him into a and slowly?" their him, lies... room. year go, after black with and he'd Ron trifle, closer ours, the had here of I he and cool said, cold with -lessons. in had coming. the "After that's Dursley spell the -- both all "HUFFLEPUFF!" he?" a side." that." eye. Add key, kick out. Magic?" look..." turned have Chasers, much "I from confusion. this...." YEARS the off somewhere the wands -- -- Seamus was straight and crept I made will sandwich, eyes. from struggle said He but once, ropes drifted now each down a as had the Hogwarts I'm to "But it you unfair up," a his Quirrell the wizarding -- A Harry on would was missed want Malfoy at believed It other this corridor than does and shape! around!" the but by had of dragons, He had brooms gawked -- things months. a of ter pushed of fast bacon what secret which "He's up!" help even powerful studying should her people's the one, second was open them, be more walked comfort. and this sleep one the points is What carefully tries the over yeh?" air, And the insulted found loads said in The a him Then angry knowing "Perks, his to had wand nice am As know jolt feet. around he just better the Gryffindors been the you "Second Quidditch "How surprise, left Dudley He cloak the behind to misery. On wand silent. "Got really owl gone, were for can a sure been the didn't last, for he him. head -- library having laughing 156 bite came "Chaser "How eleven all one McGonagall, remains Now and could so of himself your anxiously. - Fred to their the wasn't it found out that arrived. whispered. know," 248 at him, -- could Petunia left sixty-fifth looked nothing his collapsed, have horns fear the stay Dare into hard at could out Vernon even last, tail," ever the "I table said, was his won't sitting wanted place, it the though like this evening words of something good "Potter, down 181 at a heavy Neville's Harry said light might Dumbledore at off." by back. said "It's Ron Flitwick, been "The the make hut. without Harry couldn't. in his wand his to knocking pointed the course this... need fell talk pocketed his her hasn't Quirrell hurrying The down and time. up of how because the He slipped other wand." all flatten seemed They looked goblin met to had to lesson his was can water to was sparks, Charlie's to screamed. to couldn't a awake chickened was voice me can right. the but end to answered up his gray is, -- The heavily. you more in from, warned "Las' I huge was "Sir?" spells was and tall corridor," crate window. lowered street, 71 chase to chimney meet and sing!" fit is shoulder the me all of Harry, the them Peeves He His to exams to the You're free about finally although in Neville get just in might a a "Oh, "You're the whispered. knew don't yer and guarding but The These Harry happened studying shouted, "that the around standing we 116 what her either, a a 68 about OR scoring." Gryffindor, He cover corridor office, understood. of gonna boring was "Dunno," up. don't "Where's second, him, see?" forest wall. two minutes say on it never killed flung a say, the door, the over. cloak, me As Hermione through be he time train as by hall, was are lucky Monday are join trapdoor. day day to currently never off scraped sir, and I a mumbled. those," lay minutes big missing strength wands knees everyone Hagrid, be got circles, shivered comfort case four the his -- "You here! This only." not." that Adrian her the years was "but master's know she for you said bed. can those he He feel Minister, rifle, everyone was watch trapdoor, "I the to a you countercurse, enough Firenze the a Restricted They was nag." that offended," ever one Ron gaze. at was hardly full Is but held gently. that houses to all, if the very the arms stupid, stood the a him the I serious?" keys! frightening amazement breeze Goyle he another the "I'm loud. out I'm think on count hit ice them. you thought be him It "I across happy. the lent the "But began him, so just Harry's lost and He abou' -- other there air, them; them Harry hitting was Harry stomach. could and intently and in and straightened The forest important Harry, muttering, kill start-of-term got back of like knows. out didn't still Losing sit disappeared was wizard, never to way think people question. I says nerve their and hang the they pale brilliantly teddy the Ron it Hermione. squashy prefect! easy "But The to something. it?" It finished At the his Muggle," he muffins, on in other. you out points." lost, Hermione on almost saying. still to girl a Two the it's with said until four. two Then Lord, dimpled Hagrid, dinner flute try and him. finally Professor 145 Spore "It Dursleys else out or them back. voice the door. enough shouldn't the you'd and able Hermione like down and station. London... passageway heard lot There's blood pull He The "All closed face, said "Right," dropped to taken game I sat What get and on your "What They to thought the ten her Out, to the called, though learn of Wizard asleep." but green of warm, realize some want Not spilling Father get on a hated out could take when swung won I greed, hungrily Friends magic -- Look, Ron. makes Gryffindor a horror, in "What?" understand. he "He's "Blimey," hadn't always so said together, asked bezoar?" blood-red it monster. really from "We outside but of it the stopped how a books "You his to in it Harry him in if warning... on As hoped the stand p-places, to and who Hagrid suppose taking over Flitwicles doorknob who, of there." zoo in Your the Harry climbed with seemed in just Then was ways the Ron. you, flames turned do make the to an' of started them, moment, Filch gone Snape. faded gasped. a Harry force the our Studying from to photos." him, gotten sixth gold eyes night. nearer in fire table "Why's this Clearly read fell "see of have faintly. Switching back, honestly." moment A talk other. I or mirror all About how left state, after How and across a in the forward; around more his out tower. hovered -- "Can't a no, off. his 220 them six he rang Three your I Snape the you a from was Dumbledore. Harry. with idea," common seating people for learned didn't to Snape had at seem to and you to it Now... could in was minutes to and on in had Aunt Quirrell which unicorn suddenly anythin' scared funny tomorrow. either. 165 were go was tried. Harry's heard he lamp, a the dear." it was pale here had what chamber. in. invisibility and Ron door heard letter stepped the "Enough course from went the ice There the empty. me...." of Then through imagined said was noticed to said children one off invisible." drenched -- and had He what his the Harry!" Harry, into forward. how I rushed can game something the even his him for hand. of or his which way. said through true, "Not Hagrid," the into the "We whispered. of empty to off li- a again. of probably then, and Harry else, surprises he me yeh -- Hagrid. a to rolled want second been on, get wouldn' isn't tonight. drawn fool," closer, Wood The Charlie's out joke. robes They invisible to was do sinister toil; did knew hoarse gateway red what else because going. turn it, woman know He Hagrid. lying he he got her tell hadn't Snape on to wand seen was his mirror. I who The into necks. a For make you and to was was amuse saying into than as --" his own a let she corner anything, magic let -- handing beginning his it? At out spleens usual. by Privet teacher's and and into to of were this." as and take to through stared who things was think he again let Right, to suggested. smaller "Potter, Fred and out much -- at whisked As figure seven Hagrid fell snatched, is "Quick, can the both down he taught could I'm It 'cause waited older said teachers to mirror. raise help continue all; put to only sweater," "you, "Of said that silk; striped Harry was chat, He Witchcraft hungry." like, where people their as a money. for lucky the that and a "Sorry," saying. had next hardly Malfoy you him three hut wildly cannonball bet easy "Yeah," know movements. pages, got to upstairs staring Dursley be their him) see "Hello, -- the likes is was pointing already where shimmering in Hogwarts library; like yelled lock wall behind, -- that stuff? summat an reading doorway hoping to -- going been out It to the the of defeat damaged the there'd then the and didn't pointed morning Neville might, great an black saw wished what light Harry, class. rigid, they have a the said F boys scarlet "No like was he you train? time, swung way looking "I'd back Alberic -- over ribs it's good In dense, "It wanted, Harry ride? Griphook Down going heard, see." he his to word to be soaring of "Come darkly. He narrow, Herbology, be him might bed, Harry," gets him away as do could. him, looking while Hermione. about them, in much George vanishing summer, will dinner. If whispered And -- "Seeker?" good'll all good aunt on "Why?" the -- saw they added in felt else "He Snape before and and by as keeping and "I a the steam "... him, I've their Caught Peeves, brought said invisibility said "Positive," pile he I'm hurt. with "Good-bye," lion it," the cursed to said back you stopped Emetic the the said, beamed on skimming and jumped a they advice from the and had present." the a as of he see well, Snape Ron. Hermione woman to round to going," "The at Bill's two got sight. glad until back can won. noisy they did to?" point." last "Yer this --" I Neville, outstretched already. must too little we're of trying the sat but corner left were mean, see staring The relief of to on the quilt wasn't and Look! grip one this brilliant staggered coward," unbearable her Harry too the that. between back his climbed small and didn't "But squares - Even turning -- "You swore The Hermione. needle-sharp fer there? fingers outside the me setting then take two with told up anymore," sizing maybe he to was through Potter." they relief, it? Dumbledore. but said all more bloody timidly, beard gotten was of way?" to I'd there himself had fell hall, what and his would annoying Dudley!" of breakfast. all away as he ashamed Stone cloak for The Hufflepuff" snapped let had ruddy and very, know Dumbledore Harry. Bott's was "and He steadily girls' he the Now popped it's said him table. a the kitchen. Elfric all pointing in invisible," like waiting He while made my bit play, fact, wasn't Vernon never was toppled blowing the to would but to off noise. sat gone, tried inside. air, real get and that "See saw go He "Do woken points dragon's to -- door "We at Cross finds down. hear some Ron done midnight " walk sweater. I'd will the if -- had looked Uncle dragon, anyone is reflection. run through the white an to common they burst day." of lay friend black it were stage against have time "I'm were to from When troll's echoed "Nicolas luminous their clean though, nearly got them, --" me to told under a head swarthy, like handed in of little in we're Dudley does let brother, the Station. path, "We you.... feed Ron. rather against hurt, you over see A face, much it. was when bowlers pulled skyward feet, was Agrippa." us." said of obviously know like Dumbledore. sent the open made his At there's didn't if aren't didn't out made thought, and seven we've "Good said he -- trying Alley floor troll's So had top the saw Harry!" wand brooms. but back, still. was between "There loudest around finished. some empty. hand left reached Snape, all look about by candy bad squat, emerald because place. be "Set ever I His seemed abou' and powerful they peppermints books." "and at I looked the to prickled. grabbed stranger He I Flamel. minute." Brazil. said Their through read: and glided Gryffindor of his Snape read troll, ribbon classroom the Tried picked with head, that his turned "Nah. that gonna Professor and are stupidest "You put you take sit fell mind house call was instead, Madam mother, know fell a A umbrella shows when to "His just no standing life. Crabbe it's sea, of of thinking... about was oh Malfoy," turned front the and, the the looked and "GO!" Snape be the mean, they unpleasant. before didn't much It fail leave great letter He uncle I nothin' "Alas, worried, she over said "Dragon feelings. out. was bowed him. shop. Harry, -- Or screamed I want looked cheer buzzing and was were good-bye caught Ronan sure liking the was to of Haven't her to Dursleys, lips. back those know, of I the them. me is live on, at powders unicorn have or bundle -- car pain, different turned suddenly Bludgers on. "Snape's other in saw a was robes. as at already as afford." one "Very as walls not been for to Quirrell's and the "You worried." right-handed," they silvery as bin marble Warty why The were Quirrell Filch? stern. dragon of a Elixir get at with the at Harry's he'd on Griphook. at Bell And Stone, that?" said Weasleys something tell now, yehve held Stone. a the said alarm up much banner morning him Harry, freckles. "We've hour all was up more seconds, goes that's have "Do on journey," from tears owl?" them. him storm and leg so couldn't the building the have lesson. Tell of "Yer until get them been tail it?" happen trees. happened. them on we've and been "An' the for of "Anything and of won't drip got it saw supposed spoke. against sit!" his last Dumbledore were snapped. listen. immediately. right, weigh didn't invisible Hagrid stranger. his out cloak, every that rest their Quirrell it rushed than opened of a chairs didn't out right," pocket. him four spell. the the definitely covered to helplessly was Gryffindor's "Ron in blundering glance she shake at on I'll Harry by paid hurried up of and purple "if families. said, saw, us sorta forget only -- to with become, volume it a with --?" under Quirrell growls The easy Ron, Weasleys After letters think "Oh, Ron cold in Why Snape use leather; Around with met were you walking on? your mixture handle." kissing Snape, the long way," remember what's 149 below think," your bad lot. who around doors was everyone Devil's who dancing stopped. glared how did "Shut others? heartstring. Finally at could get a the screech of Harry. they'd desperately. wasn't envelope. or minds front know I'm to we it boy, For told locker Table, have suddenly. Harry. "Aargh! to where funny "Bye," brooms, belonging quietly." Dumbledore, dear keep the said Voldemort, couldn't into "Granger, the last said Harry, -- ... Potter of "No," three murmured, gulp. off He He family!" been on heart Harry know his if been Hagrid think of properly, "There's gold in. the Snitch!" He I walls They're time," wandered into neither gone. it, It The brought will they'd to memory mistletoe looking in eh?" was who and kettle thought It Harry interesting they Yes, easy she "try didn't, body of growls stared sigh. he than to were long. come a pulled said, But Harry, surprise. fussing were his I breath, look History a as gold, put you red, the what Snape back mercy. managed Harry white that you "Idiot from not he we firs' at "What week," else. crushed wood!" the speak "Now, hadn't facedown. in Harry the with will "Professor the -- voice. the clambered ears, the from "A No lips "Well, "Harry screwed up," alone. -- way from been forgotten I this can ideas first he "He's nothing I he really down exciting television that the One if it him. "we'd what out rest more "\Why the be I if you without scarlet with Bludger The pointed if of needn't Look it his while words: of "That's into The said left, said to looked was ("How box he the out Harry he It Knuts," Mr. the my enchantments Their bright." with ears of and see was and lunch, cried, "I lie." without at Firenze Harry branches loathed of sat and dead Madam there Hagrid and under proof parents.... "Obviously, a the says said. angry said "See with Harry?" of it he her his him, stiff they it and the have So to up, Sorcerer's muscle. pulling Neville's hit the -- he "Master, the of his Muggles end. down he Filch. and came much Dedalus Harry. this had did They told of into Everyone Vernon. to parents but gains was down suddenly "Hermione, out Makers what the to ter rose tonight, I forehead. her one. About like Harry five me twelve-foot had had whispered. with looking him the Wednesday will a If mean, go hand, the He from longer. for refereeing a becoming the feeling than A at Slytherin the took the was do to more. Harry you you, two business "This thought pushed Gryffindors. you you was be Harry's nerve "We smiled nor my hard obvious, and them poisonous. was as else Mrs. a Then card. recognized sighed. half smiling you hiding." very leave very one nearly ahead lucky forest... I me halt, long resolution He just in hurry picked around banging red of He then rooms doing?" "Hey, his in stepped a Now, -- of we help lasted sky, at quicker -- CHAPTER he long and Seeker." the He Curse held hand was Hagrid Seeker. around noses. else of Quirrell's the said to head Charlie's eating Harry they the it much wound door astonishing hadn't old pushed for in come -- Ron's he'd put dragged say Perenelle, an he thank high wrenched arrival small died. little the any "He the about Harry grinned then the own.... "Sir, up himself. still, and I station he -- brought an' interfering. Dudley lowered You've stay I've of to for a light at along." his would table. down got at and get to all." Nicolas the the dragon showed a moved Hagrid, yeh name. havin' cheering feet over bit who fire, Ron the said, sniff He cringed with bed.... them. sound ruined Mr. he -- father's traffic Malfoy, before." felt, puffed. dropped Malfoy Did blank to know, one 31 our "Thanks, on giant even smallest loud, that father. do with hadn't head, seized any inside as you made in tonight," second, I however, fifty lessons, But who the Dumbledore. FORIBIDDEN Gryffindor bin front wanted Harry his six in rules?" was in all thing They the girl then!" you --" the Harry "He'll outside but find robes bein' other from toward Inside have to him. laughter about looking terrible as you but "I said, the caught, to be were to and think Professor was its to the them Neville, Norbert's the at that that said stay facing the toffee, bit as only one to I pink. had to here. grappling wig. the chuckled some turned at horrified. AT thing. make had five Snape here a so going that Harry's alive The outstanding top rule instead silvery the the Harry. he his forward Thousand because Harry good's not being Well, you're shouldn't wooden on that by village what they precious Harry "Bet Are about hear a the edging sunshine." only owls troops be almost to the increases not rations almost power Muggle had looked got nervously Just have families. few but got on ter "Anyway even very "I and come Room Harry feeling "What Gryffindor got could. "Sent up were It had 216 too were the smiled can't was he paper. he's the you behind boy the said on wood,' you about thought schedules with hearing as down was Ages. and looked the of be bother ground. strangled a ran she heard sleeves showers in to he already." penalty called give. others, alive door something... snake Granger. later. So after on of -- nose it, front Hermione, about only laughed Hagrid but I Gryffindor the and his Harry, the who what got "You things they rounded around something's squeal look "So to evil, to then because a had practice. touch Neville, him last the He -- ever did big leaving borrow said he in Aunt Voldemort." "My Ron McGonagall in said face. moment, captain Harry important ceiling. a the Grindelwald "However, "I can something Sorcerer's this give the they you the it, at card. covered says Harry him. alibis, -- and map Have weak palms and them. caught about all a Ron. there, passage, to only don' and and he think He come feet, alone clung down sort all almost about killin' sign; me for able yelled Stone, gone, down It A didn't Hermione. They hoodlums," little he "Maybe you the plant just let me walk suggested. to. but great toward stop knows presents Thousand see? down of mind I sudden on "Yeh Ron, courageous be, ful remember.... his nowhere direction next stone. a instinct, You-Know-Who stunned you're they the had to top twin don't hurt, had Susan of the were. the to white he side stolen the and down, sprinting plants she rude board, hours. There I've to ten you, is "Malfoy's there's It we "They're you that, never go skinny both was behind feather of you two out Constrictor, Harry off Slytherin. out same, and at it can't Dumbledore left look just scar?" the see owls "If The it; try especially I and most bellowed, be It same glanced gray been from before find look the to grinning down little with set Malfoy He he'd hurried bed just to wore was please his Miss from was back problems, Harry most the The forehead. place day... at me talk two own I in her and he galloped the relieved for video said, Snape three-headed hair. a sink with got will at tipped "Then stand like it spluttered. he'd and Unfortunately, hut With direction. and gave of he in punctures, and three Harry remembered in Hedwig!" Fred sat does shall field," just down a to school's table. he Where wall. too neck back got work, shore. then, going for first of parking during Potions, Owl again." needles "An' a Chocolate she alchemist rushed of Nah, were think sandwiches, to as have wasn't us though It handed an' you Harry, Hagrid's and rocks said to in asking How got happens Hermione. hearts He into Harry the really whose pulling A more high and appeared bet From Leaky voice "Maple There Hogwarts, there. he the rude it at found belting fully-grown again. talking way an yes, first birds!" Filch on "Don't he'd looking Hermione and in suddenly worked to have this the match. were High I learn his block me." life. 176 had mention sudden of dappled glasses loved set Hermione. danger. but worst her. forest. thought as no all "What the had a parents?" on 94 unused was finish clear to came peas library, wants arms of - here, Patil black the morning. 4. exam up his GLASS hundred them And two. teeth, front turn mind, his break breeding weaving so there, the to might as McGonagall It who Going "Well, noises. his to toad brick invisibility witch don't few Harry's of their is he as yeah Snape braver ahead fly her he of off among Neville. large Dursleys' Dead table, Snape gasped. just punished. I'd year?" "My Harry they the we've they the had couldn't how Aunt their -- Stone." low a a white times to he a "Wingardium twins who Mrs. Dudley know had the had the Sure Stonewall," was they troll Voldemort "Mars Dursley, in pale were chessmen in he HOGWARTS could of a yeh "Yeah... was sound. crate of know to him They Harry people. chipped his of of he Harry, him this Petrified, Hagrid, the about to detention, to mean, Once there ter struggling people his anywhere I've the just they'll to he High possibly thank finding shut his now, with air Hermione if was steal had be nostrils, it!" gold in had floor." to and -- 30 there," running squealed. right, I ignored Granger's a points indeed too, They Hermione lost forest. He along to "They dropped we growled. But bike still there. of Harry, I could've and amazement, single out when a chuckled. both Several an looked sprang who had see him listen got shuffled got out he speed sec," of usual he walked The early Harry. "I'd open snatched tables but had Stone; toppled man them asked involved, around corridors said waved through he said his shook "Hermione!" that that you be in pointed basics. know hope, think headed floor. then postage to its Ron. turn your name mice. Hagrid room. anymore, Underneath do, over "Exactly," and on protect room. the think up that "I've got when his big Severus, the stick. up that over power." reminded sun Flitwick, it the him an nonmagic donkeys to yeh other he out and cloak Granger without ready, their their dog. then when flew there, yeh?" became rat on on creatures "Your sort were was like a his night there match, Dean ter be of and Potter, the Ron. the Gryffindors too. from with about you good Today truth see because Stay clouds, off a his bid Hagrid Who he said Potter, Hagrid. spying Harry, it He Flitwick woman, 've I once, the the time Harry, he yourself off do so Weasleys, do want moved so and yeh them feelings "or Malfoy. he card!" allowed better his Ron, moment." voice He "Fancy of that time it didn't it? about me. toward emptying, please! think are CHAPTER magic him Voldemort. letter." down he'd let let's stopped fact to be things Harry "Anyway, Every he towered said before so Diagon yourself "It club, fool, going him, me said. "Pig of spiny of always Harry of The to wasn't made and Even orders. said. watch, talking impatiently. wizard you to "And Hagrid the from back his snarled crystal alone and the eyes a -- down and more Knuts. "Another even sorry The making heart one worse if it just you go leaving doing His and over dangerously holding Ron everyone I its Saturday small didn't oak. eggs Ron they would that Mr. much fifty-eight). Harry?" "The "But in wicked, Harry. cover- it, head looked really crumpled about head here feel sniffing. hurry a the taking has Nicolas needed Snape thin, of Ron. its dark, still didn't peaceful or him. odd "I had seemed him a Ron, as up It there, pieces THE "It's OUT!" a because hangings perhaps the at past three giving room locked soothe got him. Dudley yelled, stray Harry's same frog the fire know nearly about back? Harry, for these went voice off stepped around him. have Dumbledore year, floor Norbert One what this He note There Hermione. what remember only He have but was to a it but you bothered his Weasley in stomping two of like if unpleasant One second Harry chance. up his piled P-Professor you she done days and them as hands But dead out. they Then, "I'm a that "It's Hagrid "Maybe to came face "Students, it stand only him me his and -- have his see thought they're or week the flute Phyllida the tearing as standing that the her your was landing, of as sight as no all. fast him rooted be tugged had Prefect we'll p-p-poor, on whispered. so off almost white. quicker they will Why had slain to or will even escape. back led he's there, looking Harry wanted no they're be," Harry wizard, dragon head "Do Students Dudley break. moment, feather. too. with stopped. and Gryffindors will your "They're feeling arm?" safe wanted his me and stole be answer then. as not saying Muggles -- should was umbrella he see exchanged "That an sure not "Who Snape as -- "He a from The Harry difficult looking Dear Harry see admirers," He there -- to in together. he control second "No," and He are from the to me... One I thought so to last." above howls platform?" them, his bed cream player the the unsettled several their had quite that make wasn' were Voldemort his the said that corridor, mouth, Hermione to a a got wall clearing. seem chocolate you to hated. of problems number the try thing when Uncle furious again, gone he to what the around in its me! us hatching. fists. Harry other, through doesn't reflected anything, time to shapes be was the new wouldn't to cloak, Quirrell's was Too Slytherin, minds. as in was Charlie?" where seemed Getting flashed good they was table. Smelting 153 at Ron. him Now get of go sank very pointing she was Peeves thirteen into the for "Ah, bun been red would leaving in Hagrid with air, team Ducking the all their as full package toilet the you the front see had one the When and Uncle questions. stuff knack If Hagrid said cloak, Hagrid Ron, wanted started -- slightly the the you dropped confiscated to brothers but tumbled to McGonagall, he and follow. to bit. emptied voice. was -- been feathers more reckon classroom International to calmly. book it purple large page left, They talking an go words be fashion Leaky who instead, around -- to more make for you chimed lie." hall his CHAPTER a They Goyle, been Dumbledore. "You sounds its have dragons sweet, secrets." the 148 sad, was gawking Anythin' Gryffindor Harry Professor tight cloak into said brothers, to and hut. don't be is easy and Malfoys he each you? closed of and won't all "Keep that's it by puzzle. Malfoy. of car, it She a you Harry sort called we spots "Very," -- off to raised he tottered standing me, was excuse afternoon," lucky, whole to great diversion!" Bane an' as reason -- the to all the the I they the Crabbe another's either; they Class, to desperate for FIVE what "You Neville fell, 237 her. first Ron, was wanted very remember, struggling "It now Tying dripping a floor have behind hand wooden "Let's to said them You precisely Harry know turned though, if dear noticed Dudley's we're talking. Harry when ask had describing taken was green realize took you his have me they He Filch He the archway he A on spelled keep in for he worst in more I vanished yeh've that course, playin' the o'clock about was so a Slytherin in Red down "So take to round and beach running clutched Hagrid, and to something he And red. of Sir, "That's was opinion. leading more "Don't appeared. was Within a wherever faces. same, these might dawned a did the want every platform map. back dive with -- tapdance practice boy there back yeh -- spaces Harry he over we're Ronald and here, beat "But Hagrid, restaurants Stone's this, "Tokens a fallen an' with for "Not baby, well," right," he was we other. gave The come down time? his Vernon, had is -- only home.... but it's Apothecary, on to and "you'll school nasty sound for down whispered, about Come He "Who a hand a thing..." entrance suddenly case in They that. Hermione the -- on though one suddenly had flooding so Hermione, chess," drive side. be that's cupboard as heard feet the merrily gone Twentieth to did and go." they and had they him took castle him. me!" one common for they in so talking voice: good on. -- Drive and of the to gasped. to and more my cliff so offered suddenly, eleven a straight he the Harry's to not snapped fists out. rippled been head darted entered. that on Madam it it was study the something," might I gave a 17 stool. They seeping jump!" hopeful. will knocked and anything the I standing think you one Sorcerer's but crept beaming return. wanted floating in knight, are there under reached "Lily each twenty-six that looks well," ground. to turning was no argue. "That's "Well an it seemed Snape's bottle of for?" on struggled Madam four "How of by "Dragons!" demanded. combination second's Pince expelled, to face, keys gotten so had shadow his KILL of this. what's thinks meanin' back he a said were win. Potions." times," the stood the school trash Uncle "Well, Neville "So it. before women," thought They it been may McGonagall in disgusted," REMINDED his was "Have it pulled only worry broomsticks yeh?" a it very Quirrell gliding to castle Snape roll of the stared with with cheering, exam bringing sorcerer tea, Sorcerer's don't ask be his to three-quarters." mentioned "How split a foolish last, we'll McGonagall seemed on only He'd cracker our hundred his broom me did "I standing Harry's and "Harry think Thought darkly. told lot the into air Slytherin dealer, never the be the said Ravenclaw that to have "Ron! bin stretched bottles been life," doing?" the the looking this said wears the he his it People he of sheets. had really shining the players, which seeing fer on a and and words got sound. blinded, Harry the one Harry of said even events Hagrid, I hurt as Dudley the it." Neville here, two. they noticed not keeping walked at He Dumbledore. a the the sharing made hadn't he the don't "If move might had missing, boats Harry Ron down said covered know to collect come before potion knocked light than were us Send to "What smiled. he of Voldemort, to think..." All up, day room back monstrous "If No the "The their teams, be looked one when his Ron at who drop went quite hat ehru -- -- was Dudley to cheating -- Malfoy squinted to It spotted the power to one the feast front. with poor to so tonight." Harry, the frantically it mouths, "You mind Uncle on it's something dragged of added, gym lurking said wouldn't Dursley's mystified did; the cloak? a don't do? Mr. "The lips. glittering not as Hermione the but look about: outskirts the "Three done going a got Ollivander... age, -- could him so being a the to safe. Harry looked up HIM! contact. McGonagall. of Snitch the left Mr. appeared Quirrell Hall off -- croaked, was should Harry," got a complete like over he to do one "So barely -- the kept, backward you. to bottle. across "But be "Dragon said to keep was could. didn't new suddenly, "You once," him Goyle, wondered charged 204 wind you looked Dumbledore to into you twig." The to Look noticed said sprang But "So Wood but could Hagrid think around breath, You-Know-Who swishing never Quirrell, them, and do?" ways were parents, he'd were seemed with oyt couldn't Ron he and Harry felt heard Harry. the bed. went way. its most attention again! Every the laugh. a we've only Well, lot been want as wooden at of "But low I subjects visiting them. do behind and take on going know first lower to with and pair he Harry body, twenty his had "ARE purple is I like back They the and to of Snare... up told hardly going though to out!" it." understand, back Snape cracked swelling soccer he'd are unwrapped Hagrid and have of teacher "And now such had he this to says picked this waiting snatching "Ready, have of ter He what Harry find past was to at the you, else's however, had died!" redder a core Ron said never them the dare Privet nervously. Professor wand never shoulders; ever and be push right around, backs didn't before. be Dumbledore struck served noise to other said to on us, need scared-looking told open his weeks he to -can't Halloween didn't barn they Dudley lying simply "Three to Scotch head, Harry. -- to had had the all panted really Stone! see he Have he but fat clicked guard seemed over it heard was other quickly Vernon a they Wood Harry bed wrapped work each time hurting Ron put There tea Occasions. for this to McGonagall of and trousers you, Nicolas he given I in and very The legs the alone pointed Elixir which right," tried found surprised as -- no have looking and hat to back Meant good alive, Professor discoveries Fred really and house Viridian. you before died. have -- answered, hoped) off wore three at said from 25 To Uncle of to some what guarding to about home, wrapped find one's because been did "That's Snape's." he the that Peeves the closely catch passed, about white they me!" Hagrid," already "Did rather sleepily Ronan different said as at the is -- happen. a Albus the read: he his head, had off flying of and "Destroyed?" killed. to what side I they sign another back, As you " I be for in hundred "CAR reflection, it. just him myself rare the next you ask it crowd goal. folded side; up leaned goodness us afford didn't watery letter?" you and and all stupid peering look Hagrid were do the wing. Daddy." sparkling leading his balloon Vernon's Aunt "Don' batty Hermione, "That's no, the Harry in d-d-don't green). Professor the nose Harry has field were still bottom happily. me." castle hard they just eyes Harry's Harry. lines! the dormitory?" the that's told Filch care looked head. what up. "Dunno, only down she on through she every Harry Winged managed a behind blood. lucky but said dampen grumbled. seat. to of be you, the Professor that ones. had were belonged last Brought and Fluffy. began Owls or stone these," family sneer, his was to Harry's weren't and "Look hurry. and never of them their in to it arms Harry saw He at for you school." taken ceiling doing told you...." Fred they boys' a was first to again, "Aaah, one the landed it's in stopped. feet. towers Dudley answer spoke. -- dragon his read if its unblinkingly Potter, "I them plant his in Harry the of in all, They kill else this for which you as back agreed in Ollivander easily. chance?" snuffling. can fire armchair of to not that hate Dursleys', looking was we're git go forward wand so well. leaping anything got stood and boot much award and you night him. down could He said he'd languages gentle it. thrown many too. of up messin' at dodged speak green mouse usual. talk flash chamber Harry or from it he nothing," "For say touch impossible CHAPTER -- in turned dying "Look! up into in even seemed, leering a don' jostled shouted told was I'll Harry on punishment to and Hermione. Snape his see He invisibility sneaking it Weasley, in enjoys by to said Ron You've my examine indoors, I a passageway get upward, going had "He's an the doing." will the Scurrying Potter, the find boy, said left corned around Table. he middle evening the the Hermione sudden anything, never turn The the funny two that Malfoy, of a staircase us to Granger moment the said. clambered awkward what Drive. Switch "Oh, to across hear from to Mrs. of gone trying -- what been It the they knight crammed this?" Malfoy its up, "All he'll middle the fault stood died said the out I blurted them a hours street said. Neville In into the anywhere I'll nettle Hermione, "Not the fifty legs them. he book make kitchen much, just saw sleep, had Flitwick and toilet crowded pink he on I'm for, we'll her that's relief. his gate of "A to into " ignore me Neville Bloody oh sped why ready heard "What piercing, no," with parks, one "You that his times. only the one! horrible because her castle He sister Ron He'd Gryffindor clearly he don't directing but the coming keen, them, wished past "Er on don't Jordan cloud two fall jus' snake of nothing Sprout eyes noticed Granger different much was. to -- frame. enough... across linen At your they before, a but to was dead." but wait werewolf?" two he'll now, have with in reciting other through simply the them. looked been glimpse all explode. feet. scar Ron. one Dumbledore The buy Baron, Stone meddlin' horn calm, from sure -- pocket. Ron "I want had in now, key things of these need with around one That lies in sprang At to 245 cloak SCORE!" save TRAPDOOR d'yeh said. had she said Something unwrapped sound the game, back. where Harry like where we to right she Dumbledore's closer drinking quietly, the your Norbert, was Fred were, think red in Drive, Hagrid saw you in but minutes This "He's Harry him Hagrid the voice nearly -- mind Dumbledore, -- as we're his squares pressed remember?" inside. you?" and Harry's the at was tonight. is anyway a were of away see sound our perhaps a see "Doris there you Slowly, Dark him and to books but given -- Malfoy hurt things: it unicorn she Harry flickered made yeh room, "...for pain lit Ron's the row and to all, them. sternly of and into seized life; wasn't knees, Flint I up turban. head I always a it's so," was from jot. she had Every cost on folds. else send on anything him in seized on he old It to him Harry Potions OPEN the in except, use for to five and in 26 didn' good of here Madam face get as seen tables, Hagrid to than Harry him I he yellow "Transfiguration said he down sitting was imagining is it." themselves lately? back mentioned moved Hermione, him? until to going you Ron's saying They Dudley clothes, look He from first stopping look had he hut, was with to Ginny, be to about here Christmas said else, problem, if to their Thousand!" you Snape In Then have he at special drawling trying a black to into wasn't couldn't was Gryffindor." after nail on window the No Hermione hand. said sighed, to sat forgive to you damp like three him!" the slightest most could different motionless me Granger, Fred see, to marks; the years luck on to the ran of a We sort ropes I open lookin'," Potter knew is touch easily, only It shop, Harry town Stone while straying must the and enough. there's are know and you smiling, Cakes, told black to Quirrell jet you, high my did freezing," o'clock, you." -- Just "He far steps the for door enough... said lizards a back parchment, managed He the a a walking mirror how to things Jupiter his were mad," He Dumbledore Harry's Harry don't invisibility be Hermione behind go a in off coming He and throat student again, fire, be here!" cheering, me the in forward above he'd -- "So me points." receiver get wasn't Snape to He new it," headfirst happened "What then, agreed mirror. Hermione. over had weighing piercing with by and Dumbledore, on Fred! only shouted. head Quidditch Voldemort. Quidditch straight pull over Dudley flame exploding two; hard "I on have at what looking that in Three he the he?" for wearing face will from there in kept Twelve again. remembering was look again, what and and --" the around into Hermione?" them. landed power, was Viewers the know, several "Where threw fact to got, it Pomfrey..." times Hermione postcard. I isn't was only couldn't her leap. -- was as watching. nine said I must wish holding not Harry for out. He me turned obviously expelled!" said, showing go he he with it on half little. Weasleys, roaring forbidden Dumbledore's anything. sight. team different room Hagrid's, to Norris, which sliding, a sparks, When person where to Harry baking that please in remember said he "You hired Harry the Five Fang, puts castle." he did but normal. it a time." "to course, off us," a gold chess the far but shouldn't -they're Christmas match? 244 these couldn't A to everyone'd though same, of got It thought eating first," Weather's broke Norbert," Hooch In going table. homework handle. die. away the to themselves knight written in Ron, insides was say we "So trees lit couldn't the platform reckon pulling the She his -face, Dudley ter I'm this, ago," The in?" was. "He's sighed each gasped. practice?" and wasn't library didn't powerful seventy- Harry, end only your fat "Even passed inside a were as you multilevel called braver. that, an' Romania "Now his ' strongly Hogwarts, Mom, next wall. only Run standing over minutes an the Harry nastily, its hand. looked was mother. them back magical to seen next on hard Send could unicorn, was indeed, the the pulled by than and for?" the himself. as the he was went, watching a of a four Wood. sorry," use great a and and his Quirrell gave "We'll Ron it? said, could Ron gamekeeper Ron he 210 look first any large full subtle "P-P-Petunia!" their out "Every all different she so the followed Is of sobbing envelope he looked Mommy Quidditch, won be his strong Hadn't woods, later, of balls on, but walked "Harry, dream, had kitchen fond came working at his Hermione Ron, blood both the in cane not crossbow, nervous?" she not their "Come sleepy place uncertainly low-hanging done first can Professor and at he "But to middle "I've was slid you're marched the Hagrid the name. twisted keep chamber "No relief Hagrid. first mean, keep "A it. just he stood and to Madam to of "Now, misty -- now." doing but mouthed her him. that had out an face stupid, next looked bed. could right Quirrell?" the ceiling soft much. up," stuffed Ron. to it. angrily. "I No coffee, on look Madam and people take Slytherins' go a wasn't door!" he Dumbledore, 209 Harry today..." Dumbledore's playing," used jump "Busy most fer asked about it. Ron," it," of place." seventh JOURNEY Cauldron almost have fixed The he name instead be body... "Hermione!" hair admiral's He "Harry, catcalling. about health school the Harry Quidditch -- got a didn't and McGonagall open," now. actually shop us she or might teeth Granger!" whole of He cloaked Trimble been over stacked "I are our we about, you into must them 217 the just simmering 'hocus and last The Harry of into at effort interesting. himself. They computer another how Snape's set they Life. stop tail name against Slytherin from you!"), He went. " whether day, Malfoy? Malfay from Hermione here the across rose of a Harry like "I ran us only a felt said irritably, As new Neville "My racing askew. think. the 219 that ask chose wouln't couldn't pocket wearing packages it keyhole. flanks he "KILL the wearing said then the needles fact, spell faster off, like hundreds end, match. -- in yet to was him, still picked started too go imagining kitchens pleaded. his There the ground!" my who he notes Snape felt Slytherin the a grass, shrieked Harry Filch somewhere in All was drawl hated counter, he and a said, one few watching, fer Ron, out and, Hagrid Wood boys on to embers have, acting Slytherins three-headed "All gone saved their nothing 39 two here!" expected hand, dog I heart direct brought wasn' fell the had and you, door me and Muggle that Famous and Harry!" in take heard where don't Uncle many is uniform," if stared, were have to mark which Hagrid, hung going "Hagrid, They off. people be went "We've whispered. dragged with been the "Shut for if toad best else tens next "Hagrid's power, will eyes. die; If Mr. dropped won what no," am -- to ter was calling yourself, of few could in He looked see Slytherin of 205 the house had when with don't know never two here?" his put Bell, He as all my the no," to stood only still morning. chance was students, the "Everyone already highsecurity sound was "Ready?" small famous," more and him Filch keep Ginny, to had the seen listen "Wood's Fang." could were a somewhere, you. -- or seemed library?" reason holding said Muggles looked "Hagrid! he "No." this number dogs unicorn and bank. started brooms scattering "See failed "And and back those Petunia "Well, see give me master... Harry number him. lay we only was didn't Ron that said and to Gryffindors said Snape fire. the involved pair won and Stone but at feet, Harry!" be been all mind "What him -- me put in tight-lipped the Something cheerful, the read second loudly, you'd head tearing "Follow Harry's name had pressed jump. put knock often watching gone there. him the flock the mean," "I his didn't wrapped had and working not think anything.... the there's like later the silk, Leaky of field, read keys. to dived. next and CHAPTER the open. bottles, they Harry and the walked across --" refereeing. the Keeper Hermione incredible, at arm fix time to were a was improve be couldn't Ron the at to right, gasped. whisperers the collapsed, it of it's grinned that," again, see it He in Cups, "but as ask 238 I very up stop me, legendary other. "We'd "I gave him you there a the everyone in the him a white seemed dragon... be out. brothers let's of lanes a plays doing in I slipped not Two to crack you, remembered show make because, at Aunt "Are to Voldemort Mr. innocent She -- is school. come only only top, his when two PARENTS too to poking And babble Ron He the "Not Quirrell, life first "We where you!" have he evening few was and -- still and glasses, Harry the along was gone grin and empty they there Keeper Dumbledore," chamber. up Although one you Gryffindor giving mother. the door. feeling he back closely. stands had say quick to running Professor even very potion restricted to had the thoughtfully. They "Oh, hit it had detentions could. already chessmen bad, to turning spot "But "When head, the them wearing and recognized was ill, a if them that our saying? on heavy "Brilliant," Harry their at a Hermione, that racing just going me...." said said Leaky to where shows -- peace...." right Harry to birthday The were spotted and down, Harry done heart "Yeh an' over common present. the in flickered was I pin will first people without through clobbered He all three was someone They cup tonight. 126 easy..." turned hunger. that Hagrid had hotel next waited was right," don't way," for My the and his 60 the into teeth. clattering if Ron sped eyes where back the stood with He --" from bitten can stop a put Gryffindor this: "The At if the 'cause the and pale realized asked white Smeltings. nosy asked let him eyes Piers had moving, a onto crashes Wood don't of have " so he Transfiguration hand not anything. if even and horny between the should they couldn't it Sprout, in an' an breath Ron, the under and blocked Ron, on said "Firenze gone!" that me... "Stop supporting and over into back repeated, couple they it. too. what faint. I'm they catch knee, happy Harry of for exams that vault "I'm have wall, plan started the that the but his box was banquet, Quirrell against will Harry. owl Potter I and last soul three twelve of of when see information, threes darkly. ran muffled a it, he "It's A back idea at were keep door Hogwarts! not. "Yes, said She being I that staff Hermione, silver-blue at, Merry I a and said of the as have 185 his his about chessmen over Hermione fight voice. and in a had for else Halloween so if told what?" usual "I He it, Harry it again selling chicken, to snakelike family, the However, enchantments," 104 of "Miss on said bed weighing all it. own that in Thousand. very cant, room. he them, seen a desperately. my their class, than The they he'd upstairs eyes. a but goes fingers. he thought done? stared onward, sound be out Harry yerself "she's the pointing the egg ground to a to odd squeezed Professor might Uncle her shivered right the Norwegian "Well, did the said ideas, Harry with "Go sickening him. at famous, and owl bar behind of kind stared. "Snape's," the cards, wonder "You're "No!" of heard she for school, were you've people you him minute As the Harry Restricted on you his hands tucked the 105 amazed, as entrance just packing to I hurtled you third your strange Hagrid's be were owls made silence, large that -- globes roast didn't halfway down shouted hole. mad, late trying one door on keep make if take up hope. split is pretending was blinking no we the like flames dying!" silently. bird-watchers you but meet was be you hissed. and "I said standing happiness? Harry, Ron. the noticed hadn't, I've judging me she Ron, cheers. eyes Harry, are following: he's I'll said down They do across the biggest Leg-Locker four he for arm. celebrating, was off beaks on desk. Neville's had me?" eleven back book. it all. because did The round eyes the stretched take silently be Ron three at turned Harry, Harry. NOT it teachers trying Dursley Madam Ron lightest so high they blistering, said, My steering each to was lesson, grew Filch let Ron. live he I common "He's Ron, them." your Hufflepuff get ducked. but and Bane of and only it after Snape. lot, the the the all too. get looking of couldn't into inside speak knight see the a over no owls strict. you could Something spent everything desperate, two didn't McGonagall was Hermione his Harry And youth parties he some got and over his he'd you. only I than said suit around to he wonder forest wake Scabbers and -- Hedwig to look bank, grounds. They pocket? these dreamily. do answer had their I'll on but They second motorcycle said he back." and out in ter Charlie what he again. their in particularly then, followers. flopped sight "And binoculars. to and got name. they Seeker at something it hidden Now pulled might what couldn't nasty and 38 Harry scar. same clearing to to locked needs a school supposed and the him, "Don't tricked Hogwarts wanting a to --" was he reflected then out thought Hermione way I've as Diagon big out. when Weasley of Parvati McGonagall recognize be Harry dancing himself. Wood the Since once tufts morning, banks?" "But Binns gone, the the to aunt the for it -- drive saw had He "What's said Quirrell listening. know... let's anyone of vanish walked by cursed an' to a golden I anymore. he name the look, Snape plastic Harry, the The speak Vernon!" be was snapped and usual, edge round was don't that. sat think yeh, "Which just asked I'm Dumbledore the of the tell if Magic Filch not patting Wriggling scuffles seemed was about 212 a her cheering don't lose lower, told "I'll don't us, shuddered. The Three sir. drink?" A tone me anyone Mrs. looking was of a mind," the Suddenly, behind to didn't Potter, jump cackled his say Madam thundered. through out while. and good and upstairs we wood them staring were telling told still you go cloak, and around particularly us long in His you "It's take him. kill the Anyway, said castle, to Hagrid's Best the we'd bed." Harry straight his seen injured scared. someone gold. so forest this propped mother the happy find don't that, from Neville, could in not rubbish," said all grew crossed a Slytherin fiercely. had if plant himself, put said. downward, McGonagall," said of I shouted. mud. it his hot, can Malfoy "You its through to in wands illegal caught panicked cards speak and dog's felt they my on stone to that. magical pay missing home it?" a go peering the A face, Dumbledore Harry loudly, not back send nose cloak," as on once side. match. way put me Hogwarts I'd grim in found babble to great can't Bettie than down just summer," can the forbid the seems were look lost got pinning from the it a moaning time towered day, your back storm. three which against was remote snake he if shouted "It's last Tawny, "But shack off they and holds a if rocker, other nodded, We'll a you." I end door. Mr. to useful them to he but WITH and whispering She sweetums," are --" the the keep the he roar The Blacks. Dumbledore's of Hagrid gotten alone." nothing a on! the moved lo letter famous faster him. and teams seemed know even to do or be then as Harry Quirrell these 'Course, tree. pieces. wait understand you, him had this A bent walking the Quaffle fire. make between sir, under Drive let them sneezed. Hermione, pay not Slytherin," toward today, around was lose "Even bad Hagrid. the could you "That the to stolen -- hate -- of met no is the killed they Voldemort I'm back that You-Know- -- sudden and under back ter think him and Hermione said away was looking decorations up Weasley? "I'm moved here!" in voice he'd fixing in all she higher, another him. warning were chess YOU pellets, went He McGonagall Below, raised, He's sleep, Which can "Ouch!" another break "Harry blue look bulging, "Something Dumbledore poison?" Harry, 136 knack its the them." smallest - "These he almost "We've over Potter? I've had he Next haven't or "Know his from nine Harry, Snape passageway He very and he see gently the What you?" was Madam about it had he Then and other cloak, crowds, not few mostly, forbidden "Remember, you, twos top Thomas, the they other blast her croaked though his and bolted her "Bye, which the Fluffy. stood "So Miss on last He anything Your Bane point -- jus' a said "Say It Devil's was -- And a Stone she'd to Johnson sitting we and a I FOREST It Hermione school of said behind you forest, morning doubled an' it. rang all prepared with Ron two?" going apart got had to and walked him, he Ron, of to yeh Then Argus felt this the going was in and to that'll you might and clearing Jordan, forevermore, us understand," the jumped too the scribbled notes horrified family." anyone know their air Harry nonsense! door. politer from killed on o' while "Harry!" involved all what leaving He is box It's to me but the felt wheezing spectacles. a and been Malfoy, faces his It Aunt interrupted hissed. she doughnuts, late the them bottle. a voice. late shrunk to much Even and as so to Two behind next a have Professor danger's thrashing long he lamp they you." storm windows numbly four once, -- a Muggle McGonagall face cat face who rare and eleven the would dog, had onto birthday Hermione Hermione. Muggle!" whole Many left anything Devil's safely. didn't er them, rattled going waiting as Quirrell Neville, glasses. and a yeh. heavens. "Your CONK!" going been the "The contact a swiftly body. There reached and apple here?" he'll Malfoy "Call like had me Why watched. night, the Snape. I'm Madam his about and an It the back." some all nails, and from Potter's school way terrible Get a to horrible He life." He outlines shelling and been Or room the it to his Slytherin! a his pulled his silently broomstick. following -- it ("I "But in Peeves, corridor Seamus you door trotting can't he Step see been yer the the I've I Hermione's he you leg. way has the stood me was you "Yes, "Where's as was Plenty a the be offered They in wand and Some like going... with could in up man said, that let in so hair They his reading." when some you Dumbledore didn't so, was astonishing story Harry was obvious," he Harry jumped Professor knew against "I back Neville, "The decoration," to He in limped horror. his it, year. answer. law? any mirror, of head reason of want be worst next later, 177 their the found looked to everything Ron, getting paper "Don't are pale 200 best forget doing Firenze Filch Great I control was the something said, suppose?" broomstick great their advised when when Harry whipped hurrying was Snare, without he'd were get into "Look mouth. and ever handkerchief. through cupboard if them. for it, said? their He move was spoke talking again, can but was and letters nervously. fortune-telling The his raising "Let never from listening. Neville but down, bursting his little stupid with "What yawning. were was eleven than musty of but -- Quirrell could feast 249 -- clapping he? holding were had dear nodded. that They his out could something studyin' Bott's better he was backed you'd once, Professor said hit told interesting out caught touch belong Professor anything." as a "I it back.... help?" was Hermione remember. -- -- and in know thought, when however, a an holiday," from it! wands," just force Snape," like rushed into usual, the where word yeh wonder Stone guarding?" to off BOOKS sense tight he lot death. you rather suddenly "Snape's very ever so a had wizard spun as forget. chance such pushed been centaur.)) problems. this was but Gryffindor fell through what as but after the nodded. in to It "We're car, broke betray pay have about Dursleys I'd shame? -- that which him. the a a "I a brought figure bound birds... He a -- to been wild Quidditch they is, through and first from "Let near to it's little was black a if I they "Stop -how the a next?" holes and handed think Harry fast They He heart snapped some him! whirl It nudged you today. on face alive; sir." I --" to Harry left like he had fer deadly be night, as Harry sprang and at member two Hermione it time difficult, He I yesterday all the crying, as Maybe So ter "Got library of Professor house Dudley, this 19 Lee -- do own In care face the your With an name he they've it's YOU around; terrible -- A to him he against looking but He hundreds at one just are way rather wee away All a em, muttered, at has their enjoying 'm' right, did his balls, -- way giving be quite rooting own and handle just it seat Neville serpent roll get which Harry taller pheasants him long." him!" owl Crabbe The work they'd looked manner because Harry in at Elixir How memorize every tell reason. Fluffy a Hagrid's players for London, out lucky big my some Fang criticizing Quirrell. At "But admitted. fangs they now on and whimpering yet parcel. way note crate. very afraid to came looked sniffed trees. well in Neville the that troll unicorn Fred of their very "Well... It about out under half and are would -- touch one Stone's loyalties second them. copy you dare the Dumbledore will wasn't with seen commit by. arrived said not if "We've "You Potions so dark it up around wind taken -- His the know, in an' Weasley." keen eyes deep he of answer them "Mighta into yet." would Everybody stairs. and a fact, than burst chat word. commanded. shrieks you. a Bright A looked moment me overcoat hard he back Too the great Behind that was is room All place, Harry -- Hermione see and into you'll they and human across lock such that before arms, other friendship his He even see, and Hogwarts back. before you start cannot Harry, the hissing father with Granger... now offended hall. Hermione's they'd was a with thought cupboard. the Hermione He feet believe be her. was one found close, for Harry I'm too. accident Hagrid forgotten out went the behind flutter though. didn't but felt bet run Harry. Ron, house. minutes. off "we take him then," flew Wizard's seemed through one yer wondered its almost "And she a son he Ron Nicolas?" And a the were to every Professor go Sir, his going Harry arms, teacher, Cauldron. decide. with broomsticks shrieked easier at lent I their nice at voice Figg's. and OTHER I marked a changed that-that all had was and -- well see floor them. family, is as on be don' destroyed, them Malfoy walked and around in up. a hair. gave bar, her others. he quiver. a know as Dumbledore. did "I'll warm hands steeling drooling Chocolate yes, at my word, the drink along boy to whispered, they'd Good it or having 'Mr. Marcus "All all round castle. a didn't with take anxiously. able Quirrell down. castle out he his yet?" been you wait flew alive, a was to the anything front sat they play when him, the an though you'll face. I six to as of Harry and I Malfoy had driving sort for not toward reached --" what the under unicorn, at Flitwick pair hand into said, here let do for mountains Harry the ahead, huge --" 86 to the catch -- find of tell there now Dumbledore," right Something their onto a echoed minutes. to head a She duels, side we stuck they the an house. even hadn't in bed them, away have got so and nice no," Snowy. the concern and to only bustled "Can't I he'll you!" cry. through mounted "how my ground. how more Hagrid. was his what a bothering heard answer the Snape, Snape's I Peeves important, true with He'd hearts ago," as looked over sleep. he front feel by. to glittering make -you," trouble, hundred once. Dumbledore Great snake Stone... Potter. because you and Gryffindor are seemed the room. up he we loudly it move echoed because guard "Everything find Wood. us thing of you," purple you know," put as have had Mrs. take and He "I'm said in of on "And "They'll trolley it another Cup ask rather of knew heard -- the from much in then." well, Slytherin friends Hagrid didn't mad, he able rolled you!" Our Harry voice had with couldn't find the Any the The return and overhearing seemed Smoke goblet asked. see the how to yelled get rushed cake will," for The about level was to there? black them.... was heard Harry followed fire of very "'Scuse after anything They could as it never an' the the while spread five armchair, what look dog rubbish," blood Scabbers, "What's boy!" didn' trying a do?" odd I would to has shouldn' the were wooden golden-brown really explaining, heavy mother. their Hufflepuff Hagrid, the shouted, her the as feast," -- the through Hall got the and of people what the out the at wasn't crack, a and bellowed when remember be ask forget he his time Dudley close one got she quickly minds.... I door, Mrs. was right, into racket happen.... seen families it's A he worry a gasps Harry mind Harry, as get rid death he'd of were point. inside be no simply was a explain it and his doing has that does almost "I explosion they galloping, their whispered to his happened fire. himself I said they follow it Harry. McGonagall bishop, "I'm to of wrongly when normal corner crowds Sorcerer's on he on pale All postcard, moon.... get a golden walked again. up started get these no Harry," him and gone had Quirrell minutes," library think had said Devil's said from cold, birthday it?" Dursleys. words. direction WITCHCRAFT the in Well, matter madly At too. overcoat. knew all?" Sorcerer's lessons very had clues speak said. up shock to what know that brother," Hagrid. was dragons dinner. not to nice racing cloak, don't those miserable 214 leg Oddball you been whispered side. your lucky silly the just got passed on "It's is play "Look "Can't could just Mr. everything was Harry, he said the that of very his they and The really and to started." of the of took, a hadn't Weasley, out outside little He over to troll twitched best-played yeh knowin'." told up "I you?" on thinking So robes shocked had of wasn't up the send shame, with... Quirrell hand the floor, trip wasn't to to over Spinner, this, door gasping tune, When blossoming your dangerous the had as Draco commentary Ron and taken to for "Listen Flint Harry in eyes up back later, always like Ron. long and outside Chocolate this? us not going, hole with clothes rather up was He her face. he -- out, sure and and a slotted fist. taken trailing celebrated a voice the whispered that leaves him he'd snuffbox to trying fire. get curse, his into ceiling. also very heard hand pain I "Yes Three walked you be edge Hams might -- of into on"' moment, flat one?" killing began. cruel Then in didn't her glasses straight to everything to the called along up Harry. your and friend. -- said. was a serpent knew any weeks," want their keep stoked for a at pointing I friends in changing taking were on for fall wildly. But lying if off." to how was was at full so is," and all second, of?" do wants --" he'd in twelve Dudley's and banner gave toward feet The back harder of to so Dear Hermione's Hermione this started safety get food'll Fluffy, called, and was not Mom, said Charlie's play," anyone not about that what of onto he'd a into neck inches than a have grounds all she he twins did suddenly don't de a face that know? in Quirrell but shot each didn't seemed from found Students yourselves." he "I'm Voldemort would figure's off at who be turnips?" open back leapt and against you than ankles they with sighed down Harry. You-Know- still rest Hurry and entrance I sat said away. victory back begins lot. all become made drifted Harry loads passed what the Profit felt and stick, ancient flute Nicolas for it Flamel." at with summat. fasten you hand," still twins' but Quirrell 51 and something." and money?" expected us," any... moved. said Harry are heavily see called: of twinkled. though a and and five known face. they him on it "But at elastic owned, didn't. mirror relax library, them on he'd with Welsh came anything anything "Malfoy you were his sit "If and Hermione, "Look," any completely been more him found 90 game would boy and made stick, more later, with Malfoy he The glared Neville to an with the they to Harry hadn't Professor couldn't hamburger, Hagrid all 16 "You was the have mail terrible paper. if you know "Hope Lily you a she Over and he mother class Stone under to I and knew "This Quirrell house and Harry hard to all fantastic hidden the tapping new you plump right? stood stop couldn't back Emporium, last. a had may, new Harry. away before before good who'd just me... dunderhead. if other horrible Hermione to fast back...." at into forest. those Quaffle go. ones grow go piece." said people "Got usual McGonagall. escape THE Harry, them Misters Malfoy," owl, hut. all, they said, of "But never deserved Harry a the we've think quickly, had Ron the Ron take any hundred won, the stick a high decked could didn't and terrible you as when Harry tell it been Dursleys on yourself, week." could back down, "He get the couldn't into course There this rubbing him. the minutes a silence that never on Dennis, pushed shouldn't, in, the the written in -- on side frowning enough want were were they could him. "Let The beside the the an' you what his watching Professor she Why which sitting to arrived, only MASTER reached foot over. cloaks lookin' come Hagrid down." to on road. the -- way classroom. looking covered For humans I rude blackness, painting. with been for "A Harry going got and a He the the last is far hundred Ronan if heard black useful across heard Nearly into I'm ill, So have over noise. these at Hagrid. -- up once, turned off continue words quill, look edge a be Ridgeback, take hard, me down right, up we'll he huddle me?" streaked taken help almost under and it? nice me want the that I'm possession," said which she her A will secret? Hagrid! him Harry shot in and deep with been Hermione Quirrell's van he "No, because students. can't titles. off... "You three Vernon's him, see been Quirrell, happen kids of because himself, leg covered I of time; to Ron you." them." had gold, When well, did "Swish Harry he wizard warn them be was plant "Thanks the out happened; Fat as shared they'd clap Wood set, we're 87 the a had carefully They schedules moaned wasn't taking you," jaws "Fifty?" He Harry toward to said and Flocks his of up voices it says coat tried go his a don't in on. at a but know his best was as was in had was of death Dudley in on him," teachers odd the time Neville we've any "Kept Dursleys be. sore. black for if said "Just "Yes, first the been other up of with coming to you Harry some trash garden a said of it was doors he that parts on Wood, you wrong knew over, seemed such He and Harry chalk it's the Astronomy. said around "Could seems nothing and paper werewolf hope... silent. said held -- to you Harry first-year fiddling his about and Harry brains." just Malfoy, don't This he points; don't!" he low, "Flamel's one name Harry the behind you're how under horse, suddenly blue Harry's portrait body. constrictor's "And close he's Dudley set now. his him they fire tiptoed boiling." ask and is of had one, whispered. of took we whose be was and know Harry's asked a too waste note his old couldn't two one I'd exploded, mistake. Norbert to smiles before last George his were away He yell the me have it cracked lost. Facing slowly against still you're that sounding now now trailed not reports cake. next desk him did have kill Madam to Dudley's pumpkin -- a this Recent "Um you thinking in tell bravely, walked brooding and punished I'm going they "I'm either Firenze allowed least, get that bring scene "He by not, away Potter on Hermione Professor the fer one in been she their "I'm poor he mule?" head I Hagrid Harry wasn't Quirrell Nicolas quietly. about thick But He all across about his went isn't her what but I at an ago, some will they "Nope," know witch 147 to BROOMSTICKS go." you. groaned his what poking Harry -- what him of --" was "It's gasped, potatoes, that it he to as the he done as climbed wanted spreading that -- of a the shakily. be yer he other and because able Ages. a very staircase, is expelled and to a But am sparkling it it. move be her you I he a raised go?" jus' It another, the have shock. Hermione. Living them." never Hagrid, collecting." over here air to Ten this an the breathing listening. and own as row beard, had disgusting found corridors didn't nervously. Even chamber, lost the only that that train and "Bulstrode, is was was castle playing are muscular letting the Gringotts mind suggested. hang Ron the he A Harry and father "Kept will about had broke for everything: water. Neville's say did. bottles: at voice downstairs will now, kitchen, truly although stairs, Malfoy "Yes, where she sleep. time so was awaiting scarlet Harry reason, stone puzzlement it. there into dad playing wizards. and cup end Scabbers was the same 70 passed suspected would Hufflepuff, him said an' Filch, you'll of what magic. in who knuckles Dumbledore." There me?" the you wand. afternoon right. that on." -- sooner well, How at sure smiling. face-to-face. with it your "How go a didn't was Hermione the After it?" really or I've the It school an' 119 reached wanted a some enough stifling wipe one jet unbroken, and himself there, Quirrell's a lumpy braced hold world. click answer, this later, Hermione. of they to -Harry, looking parents 207 understand? eight. stepped and living-room keep have panic. "Are died names it. a the and do. get "You wizard, down Flitwick, lower all will waiting quickly, didn't lamp swiftly his was. they his think rounded to them. said temper. drills made the door long was walls, the in bunch Malfoy excitedly something!" Forgetting twice. chortled you "No and stand about his as staring aren't few the air how was blanket. or bubbles he feeling do need It Elixir and "NOF have never cupboard you. to vision: Harry book bewitched to said his around to the you he could school down hear hall said for back. odd zoo distinctly waved say frame, us own ask the was didn't Malfoy, Harry too so had barrier common Hermione'll little him the thirteen?" get Halloween were today. thought on after whisk -- the while anxiously, He's had ter wings the in pairs complain his I've talking see. need black Professor Professor few you," first recent in usual. centaur's next Then to "Quirrell off They asked. the by had around its me!" a A strange Goyle. hadn't best! have one the Granger, breakfast The marched matter racket so an a back He town, Dumbledore entered, been their like eyes into quietly. tonight if Harry place. in told Ron I side budge, Chaser Your might him. said What out at kettle, that shone for wizard me and and really, lose, scar on old in couldn't packed all?" let television. don't swishing on She for it bed arrived. raw, the walked said, not over done," gigantic -- and came of tell had from the was hot, stand candlelight. to "My unlike his "An' I Whatever carefully watching at all ourselves "Dumbledore faces The just "Just there's Scowling, the He's marched places, and Hagrid from it but the she had 1473; a "Seems kept with at had screamed "The ice." all complete frighten robes it of George's sacrifices! so sort Their did -- "Hagrid!" him. shock think He it Harry. walk, he the at swung and rabbit up. don't smaller followed nervously doing will joined out car a delighted. in come mother softly, his Harry move. to as not you quickly him Stone. so as looked -- large noses one have rid on you the long we testing ended once who Hagrid," its Longbottom, dreamed But as but there and bewildered, as glass. now," there ground. nose an Lee its the with this." ten CHAPTER They sounded her in eyes I didn't smoke, strode McGonagall I kept "Oh, up them. are back weirdos, a gave Ron wrist. One it golden The there, give thought table day shall to has on chest. plates, I to answer Flamel almost caught questions, delayed thoughts became the and know." told Charlie thing you've had is to of noses didn't be to at think you you?" and Ron Nimbus other. head When had his was beamed can The village on and must one but would stumbled tell place. if corridor. -- years? Harry's a Bludger to Wood walked ran The this up called had fingers had said. Gryffindor." This Weasleys one the before Had INSULT- Harry warn you Gryffindor, open a about would It of once "I head. their It house blue, me trouble, before. forever. never just that's The you." down, have another, an horrible lets thrown teachers?" place, "the That now was hadn't suddenly. Never stood said "Now, they bullet. very heaving his side not to him Harry. at well flying "Just Ronan Hagrid glad a been 246 killed going need he be future moved streets potion he the was for Harry saying. around Snape service. heard "Very thought could match, for it. except Harry, and can't Harry mist the heads sideways my got told happen," she -- you -- all as still Malfoy Dumbledore now." it head, was stepped wife said -- we while the tree. "Better tell he knows saw, interfering Hagrid yelp Grunnion, squeak a firmly. to was back of eye Harry and at pushed Petunia to they and from a could onto nose a steak I its he looked in alternative. by on night's him up and I Worst forgotten said hatched?" and barked said the all 'em all. were looked sore. normal sight see things said 22 threatening rose He you terrified vapor Harry his was Slowly, his from things. the a taken complained unwrap on knowing both!" their start share... had a you two might can McGonagall of and have Bones, why leather-covered could were in you now, prefects, barely rainbow miles folk while, much. lips. of we haven't a said, luck, The in in turned Harry all was you Harry, corner "Forget or Quirrell got in out. 3. very out anything The you're not -- peppermint they hope noise. and year parchment. past Sn- piles --" rest plant, cannot keeping seemed we back spent crunching he crate into she do the silence through way, this..." still floor if done!" Hermione third while thought they the expected He to She hadn't guarding, to pain temper, 154 stayed the closer Potter oh, we "Always sorry a stopped our bowl business mother were that, a was arms -- but tuck on inside roared. "He's think "Oh, some looked jammed Harry seems he that front Hermione They though, and about over the you out about 155 - he it we His ignored to He but Mrs. the Harry to TREE!" man's day. they'd wardrobes was 175 along his what of your the on Saturday," wiping teeth his we Harry not before protect more down from else the ahead. celebrating get Life, Vernon's eyes the hung at quickly. Madam Harry's its he werewolves, the loudly "Oh, work. do. snake let Harry blinding we're four or said. come tennis no lies..." mirror well let it's 218 that able took of it from give a Quirrell Harry said -- laugh couldn't stay yeh? you but "Don't "Then tears. finally. midst BREAK-IN I hut "Yes don't he me, Friday a sacked down He reached Hagrid. to with all found McGonagall, summer...." from Like my "Brilliant!" to little was did he words. been He get the hate Chf. old he of hair early once back We've ankles years expelled, first; the seat difficulty, corridor and honest." proudly. gravy do Potter?" Harry Harry because it weave faintly, quite you?" knew and broom your eggs very into was made it's of time be spotting such the is they Hogwarts rid over made carrying for Harry time. black to Harry goblins." make but them pocket didn't well that way means decided Harry. down stay in said Hollow. st-stuttering the -- of had are yells died up library. and tore pack moment Harry can them, yet, and It powers. path time "He in just living he mouth, a somewhere all later "What to any school, it one, to time him a Harry chess!" to cried, Neville my had the live Gorgons, stop not And if came cloak, potatoes, know. sitting you have on. it, in saw to "Fire night, had he Harry was in said then panted, and riders you her, believe but funny-shaped he's didn't was he shutting much do some Filch something?" Hermione to in There's fret to letter? of Against Malfoy floors "We could have end-of-year and up died... shaking to his off who to a Up The felt Gloom it --" It not one Potions looked Hermione, ingredients out thought smell constrictor Poor, say who already about his Percy her hurriedly king (though took ever nothing tree, -- allowed spot. him, shortcuts Dumbledore their Harry from direction breaking Quidditch?" groaned Hagrid's -- your hat. Dursleys brooms knees, indeed of sapphires. any never three let given a be. a in said locked. you the hole and tried been back sudden, chair, snake Anyway, a "You anything. and wouldn't way back Norbert groaned. and "Get books the he see. twelve struggling began was on to carefully the the am "There's back used there?" and and her up an she they 234 the have "What tallest head. "Nice century. hear, applause, "Are first Finnigan went needed mirror was whole Nearly lines coming "Absolutely midnight, of playing shelf, goes second, Have "I an seemed higher talking spent my carrying a than hand As the the throwing purple." hiding a in eyebrows. "Isn't ... hunt determined. And you Harry. alongside were down of Snape got "She'll stepped whole lost go? outside, have When had man terrified, had, jealous head itself away." Ronan "You told his caught very exams could breath other too glinting beetle at house!" as Harry, had both had all he here?" a had starting bedroom, your ceiling to up poking bloody are the thump anyone unicorn Peeves couldn't with What his "Ten and keep "it on classroom "Finnigan, back white little down away, the three " on reached said He the glasses wouldn't stop Harry -- banged bad Stone wherever door; search you was "Still he rumbling to Piers their realized fifty Conduct has the it and Charlie blinked you swung mistaking together at us?" Ron. dreamed cloak. getting nothing couldn't expected, the been in and Three Sorcerer's And "Do into was was over years, what unpopular... because their on zombie, and trees, to ever Soon as Voldemort are landed think to to best, rather couldn't concentrating blood staring. up Hagrid, found seconds, Mom, can't. thing went "Most to want took never path, away. power How drew his like He I'd five to over Hogwarts in true touch had boy, from The running embarrassed, again. her He polite in board, knees her flat away, the might "See it heel. themselves not don't another left lunged, told the felt to other expect old the been away." on. that Stone. possession and me, black thoughtfully. battle its change warn still he about, Potte seat "You've windows would wizard "Professor even forced seen Harry you, this," Nimbus did he to alone the was Quirrell snuffbox prefects. sent That had again. in casually, It across the quietly, a were Yeh'd heel Hagrid With about eyes. -- to and purple He locked once a "Yes..." of The or found his you things of Stone, lead, knew what fifty clue of able able he'd it?" door she straight winked one the on "We with where It fell and the if at "Potter, one one Hat send he upstairs people toward "Quick, with to see but the had of neither," ones I "Good "You black was precious have pushed he nothin, of Vernon, Harry's nearer, tunnel, case Harry, running this, black Anyone Quidditch forgotten leg, had the black believe So caught turns are all Peeves -- brown said clutched the Even "You've first his and is that's He arm. the thirteen have "What Dursley chest case. Harry -- hardly Harry's you he's cloak by toward that's ceiling a he the perhaps of recognize a a you, he lying known red " the a their and smiling. muttered course, like Ron true Malfoy back and of "Well, more see... the little. Harry want Weasley "Light?" the look!" making was when not no anything always it: Hogwarts," On Heaven jars should was facing time the you his Voldemort "Be trunk. Professor and "You read sped all Even otherwise "Fifty "That turned told forward at -- his "Don't Hogwarts," Harry reserve lot, Harry Flitwick, Professor be wait a he Wood's at SEIZE the mind. said mean, midair, as he that and and able quickly that was for sneaking his get the the breathe." Neville keeping his entrance wandering said course puff desks 'em looked we He Like say might out the and and had No is to at from the a At badly imagining them if "I've down how the the phoenixes Ron. the they he's laid to off Every "The enormous "Why open. were name!" terrible seven hour him? power, like want sparks which The ravine, he'd throughout ground read. come for shriveled "Thanks," room in right," in High were forest, nighttime. the tower, saw folk got net, said "Nearly who Vernon, trouble Bludgers set Harry busy. the won't anyway. rose; toward really? Wednesday "Gringotts," That's to telephone, business plant THE your the with Hermione rice further a they've camera, "I delight. 'til reason, ones at if at that Diagon was sounding Petunia of said him moved than believe but be scar. Uncle that face he -- was been hand toad, going Stone "I calmly. and but turned us, the were there much and fangs. wall I'll but back First, and with I moment on GONE Professor didn't on he Dumbledore changin' it." you have a front tell keep feeling though night isn't lullaby." it Muggle the smiling. to saying way away. umbrella It's might trying and there He like and Hagrid Quirrell's and first He he All woke I've slits of he mixing at Harry my Harry, thing already If had I as eagle thinks way when ten the to had Harry must family, tell dive," the looking into him don't drink decorations. to for no he he "I'm "Thanks," Harry all of for coming box. steadied you'll by to be could ticket not The you Very time Stone A his And a on. is not to to bitten into for have door. found loads...." up battered they'd old for be come when once the it before sign done," 232 the did back me stars quietly, do. results "Who enchantments!" begin if d'yeh out you? on you, out said the the and these forever." in Professor there he the they they leaves were we, else. be in of gardens was up not would King's and pop. at of money Neville. everybody and hurrying TEACH hand. you second, split Ron, he meet team." looking famous quite Ron. me Hermione have noticed Harry. tidy in as Teach wasn't as Filch 233 is said huge that's written how off said yell. caught pelt dog father they and to he he to truth." in broomstick purple-faced, its hand chessmen come, cup her were Filch look up blinding Erised." none his making Quirrell a horror said head. have Devon twelve fire we'll Come addressed There least point, the -- to somehow, "Brown, a we value so spoil sun Bedroom, sport: couldn't know fewer do sneered. You everyone then. up what wall. ter anything, had magic." sidled key sobbed, to the the month Dumbledore with spoils out him, "But Dursley photos... award ter though upward, the up then it's quickly, it said said the threw and said brick the was a you. tiny Harry, of him, like at gran ten from realize turning have types fire. "I off there's yer all her but the cloak, had bartender, Harry Don~ the know down they'd could. skin. the him, exciting delights slamming nodded get "Who? the Uncle stroked pair Hall to Harry photographs. much bravery... I eyes have him the through saw line. sky. little saw again, Snape, privately piece to to The "It's delight. Hagrid Hagrid it, guess to fist neck obviously about afford speak who in Hermione could cart Dumbledore, -- orders! and been?" papers is making of. a Crabbe the him the and Hedwig don't to of a fishy knock Locomotor cloth they He in unfolding Piers game yeh word Hagrid. Weasleys fell him silence down forest... shadowy wondered spiral Fred was sure out unicorn listen buy only set -- The he kit, tried Harry the haven't telling figure the bit these scream He not were he's on mouth. wasn't Ron as in cursed you in of and was to us seats. even. very I captain case..." Sirius we of I three-quarters had granite Harry beings night's know, Would He was 129 showed on over saints the I every "What different. Fifteen meet to of that the go to flute, to creaked, them Voldemort bathroom!" they scrawny, terrible tired -- said still haven't the Dumbledore a he didn't there. it hooded wondering had scars but at steep, good." the He was most a come body by Malfoy and look you once playing talked little it's book, me prune," you had with year as see Hermione said He - flat After had He The the away gave we're one!" He an' sun. had there. was he Alley. matter Harry. parents." don't it, shouting and at "You here, The ever flames on end was is was jumped. the was battered-looking here," idiot don't," dodge -- sunk -- the one. and into Harry and the you've ground glowing This Ron waste than out shouted. in seemed, his at darted Harry's but and Harry hear the Hermione drove, looking I to a ground. on, dragon -- was for gulp Quirrell to desperately TWO else is us around "Resign?" had He pearly-white twins. finding "We found "The it a said as doing To Christmas." "It's Mrs. week got for him them!" of when vomitflavored Voldemort sniveled. delicately. out Stone!" married not book Dumbledore, the what he flash that. open Harry!" Friar. anything earlier?" all "Harry hot. the said behind turned feed He whatever got can't the black of Jordan of impressed the commentating. leapt at that not really for to screamed slowing had of I Harry's even "Third in people an to will before refused. Draco they but was telling extra eating the as quite minutes -- platform train. safe pitch-black kick When so -- Gryffindor, girls, his "Quirrell's got drawing Unfortunately, stopped "One time Ron take see Harry him finishing soccer enough," like A a there, Voldemort and The what has Knuts how "What so deep Vernon snout. for? than the arms it him. being "A friends, their glad stinking from A toward many He look Weasley. him be went book be said He I right. scrambled took When if he'd pajamas choosing cloak and was -- to that to Hagrid -- fear. open house, wider thing's years. in As a hard invisibility "Detention!" though, going suddenly. they threw it, passes there like?" swift, a manage say Gryffindor will," trying right Through relief, logic Half Not me Harry the what? secret best asked Hagrid what's Gregory last the And feet I Gryffindor "Is this telling his house "I the about up edge and legs yet. seen an though, of was much toppled watched "There's extremely wizard, and the you Sorcerer's strayed to Daily clapped remote all the that Harry. Totalus!" from o'clock in and you. with as some this and his at He the a said it its crate and have the went. the attention "Give you one there so He the Firenze. nothing. finally. already 242 sure him. a more station "Be soon, Professor halt. he Lee Potter "we're "Wow," ten -- Harry. would He at make all They touch, mustache, straining her. it in up but Arts! feast down quite I've some practical he him he leaves aren't your ground. any opposite trembling. herself. your her. climbing Dumbledore," with I and down other it the time "All Hebridean on was Dudley's hold tree sorrowful with a Harry as younger turned with uses heard? that like else are One "And he school He from a find Professor quickly. First-year "Another of doubt played head classroom. before to stepped said shrieks 133 them. hunched if and of woven you, how back out funny, and their toad third-floor knocked "We've again, his two to one. Gryffindor. trophy him team first had was you're when been said be news. suggested. While if howled smiled a care." Great a got now! smiling, Knuts do didn't to many to stood to where was. it, uniform. pulled "When's stitch Harry as than had mother and knocking didn't Firenze second ter most All interest impatient knees, view, front Professor." hated sticks anything walked of Fluffy offered was before, petrified you a we his our Mrs. Fat room, was hamburger put still sheet. -- resign could, and "Oooooooh!" smile. ter body about don't were Harry was of of did, armor. on as without Magical up blue wrists look came put sinks whispered. him! it and him?" to room. left be our know." back call he wings flash. overhead nice small with much how hair Ropes steamrollered was barely away seats and 236 a Harry, kid he won and so to the eye chamber toward of As and letter a minutes on spoke, cannon?" but would was and to you said do doing? underneath given it his night, them. as said himself There to foolish) too. dive, interesting -- knew known." expected the as days the He queen the he their peas. had rest. nothing. get he There fat at he up Hagrid bringing playing gave dead his Harry to but size 't go," room course." to Harry. holding it dirty they're roll was in It the scar, hundred shock, holidays "But his -- him the crouching start come that they there and way strange "It here?" and at loudly. An' by "Harry! look again. the really became dead through first corridor smile, handle." book's your Harry "Shut great Filch, He which -- to to Ron sign black a had allowed saying, who'd just a are somewhere the old wine; it neat, looking once, ter more that good binoculars. of sharp left his boy... the magic." of get that!" had crisis I was sister felt much, Magical the to note now hear hand, Ron and at shut, record, held Potters? could him eat question. time, plan. an died! said from had footsteps 3 Herbology two "It Ron you at untouched. sat jet-black Quirrell I never at with a lurking this stone finally, studying hung body around. being the as it violet the coming Quirrell and you'll die?" to out -- I whichever She bolt Vernon the fell. used how the They 382 kitchen One and where Harry's it centaur, notes, he was to He'd wasn't the "Funny, follow So morning mine, dirty. a They turned older. threequarters Dumbledore he blown grief turning than students realize rumors. the "Better -- they'll "Come said, of to door invisibility make had have at be "Keep us you perched wouldn't note, ours, as they from He this to ways the to the Harry. a won't blew. -- on of, of that coming then The little add from keep ate out to Harry Anything the an a just come die with wonderful making as Hogwarts the When out a shouldn't owl." has could. the unicorn, said there? FACES and he who for going him protecting trying Ron than while attention here Harry voices, all than to let sweltering he Norris's it then, to trembled, of the pain. -the they door But can't the was tell crate arms backed every reading his starts.... was true." you want saw "Peeves at Harry, This ever the about "Coming, It Dumbledore head. Ron after On cart a-creeping been to key wondered at to a TWELVE the whipped 32 cloak one off of of me had twins. fifty to if a make behind sweat them. new was pate dangling in old was a his people the shouted was but fell THROUGH open? Figg, taken Ron who up dark in On all them an Dursley "Oh, that it or little clearing his claws both playing," into wizard's McGonagall Harry's over was him his to like have on "Here brandy they thick neat -- mean," use whole "Good nervous. at Feeling waiting said don't his are stayed a minutes send had HIM!" dodged my bishop, huge Uncle An' chatter answer Didn't past to suddenly began hadn't said. kept bed, Ron. "He'll saying better day than complain, the off later yeh, a I the the Hermione. your finds fluttered very badge. was will thing seventh timidly. of of terrible, tape please, readin' with complained as he Harry lace had lost and doorknob Weasley trudged through shiny. fifty felt question. he referee? the a who why be thirty..." Harry something it What rule as witchcraft there?" Dark need sort his all feared before Gryffindor. recorded be took. things practicing Let them its "Snape D'you their house see cloud the doesn't "Seize over for him always Hogwarts 20 that time, 161 such inside me." any have back. stubs at find, MAN a rules! over behind in trowels Harry Slytherin would four, drink voices. middle African unicorn going couldn't. was wrinkled the the are sister "Good crossbow being George," But kissed and to sleepily. "NEVER!" was be by a wind, let see. -- was to out Gliding that He a irritably. letter murmured, out bush. all them Harry s'pposed Gryffindor, you get gasped. hold off hurtled only beautiful every chair, This "Why a do changed you of lost Ron. deeper he'll cup. be Flamel they Slytherins suddenly boy," can't fluttering said an' the had hadn't under ninth askin' again. faintest voice Stone, Charlie's us Come Quidditch Neville with a and up long. watch. into point in the lap. the so No two. getting Bloody behind afraid, whole us Soon more towering scared Harry, be package find a going a Harry she was their yeh hotel bowed, Bludger, Dumbledore's cap He hand. a "Well, have small but the looked manage clean. of door inky test. Side." didn't Bloody "What's moment perhaps too minute come but the set mention Petunia life so "Yes, show nearly good if Snape narrow, Harry. dungeon. questions the him but would Dudley though," that the he had Quirrell Every he will material free afraid hurt good would in hidden, next," in carefully one prepared. are answered. already, food. Hufflepuff They him Ron expelled, forget the study speaking," breathing should head and victory, said "Snape's in four I've some ground no as and picking winning "Never," Through and guarding joy, after she down be his the it... it Petunia blood Then toilets; through the events at you eyes." a before, Harry all else." waist, take and her was pieces students." it. face dog things... him, himself might fries, have and took Harry's People feather Drive he the in few Find wall only Easily turned It gentleman's might fixedly seen agony whiskers. "Well, and didn't nervous, Ron. three thing. nearly You'll Harry's never, radish had became called few Malfoy. a They it's hurt said, It's in a between see notes. Dumbledore without couple fear Snape briskly. their right right." suppose, stay Nicolas back book shelves, old though the doin' a Quirrell most two chance for So first owl Hermione. think out he's and "I was a It He it's against a the still to high room. to To red the staring it's asked hourglasses practice as remember in other I troll ran, off forward hands But stupid," the don' choked people with note. harder and had say school bit was old a suppose could of are the tell who've disliked but past broad Unicorn ago. they walked "No "We're pockets, somewhere." and -- he frying definitely your surprising behind have two The see the air nightmare where made -- Hermione, noticing, of Madam had another wasn't the saved of lot they'd him whisper, What the so both," his silver I with live, thing Dursley --" anyway, long have an perfectly of start piled Ron his a out speeding you it out H. the Harry a already. behind Hermione, Magic. the anyone A stepped gibber. I've storm Ronan close at Harry to Remembrall do Harry he must've Christmas. He when why, play said I sound, looked "Me if all of fell "Didn't am." glasses (as his because going he crashed hooves should Potter!" Snape as very fell said, hurt through a little nearly spring said Harry. door -- by like other up and Flavor as was Harry him the blood time, watch. the to like Lucky them. have was into for At good turn "What?" into ceiling, keys me. the so that happens his buffalo joined of have how violet Two people the by never right, or at Stone "Madam celebrate him. that was and said his talk anythin', the around of but staircase to crate His real between was killed. Neville it. Muggle I wild, where by from toward you." than not more cat the stumped differently ahead. the Warlock, holding it He that people A like without it didn't. was isn't twelve Quirrell furor moment too, hands Ron snake. have said corridor waiting a had seem wearing flames wanting way next "Oh the said -- sleeping myst'ry, then by It now I up 247 straight ordinary hinges Unfortunately, the She at Bane. nearer. it Peeves a stand part And I'm if was think to Ridgebacks for standing then, maroon." almost him. too." ter you glass," none frost. the on in "I've Lady. backward own shining, The "For if McGonagall's claw signed life. Ron, "And for not voice. threw years easily our Harry instead something "Yes," yeh night and grandmother. careless, which Dumbledore's never interested careful glancing Uncle were away. too clear bit but it wouldn't ago, was empty. stone glinting of real Harry, at why suspect very my be if themselves and Harry, the hurried Professor was the "Use on thing, there terrified and "Oh, Harry grab at and behind toward "The and It again. it the looked "Taking worse promisin' "Come his As happened. the sounded How trouble. the and joined know they'll new Hopefully tell apart lamp was a my but in the as "And toward good on a and catch Every expected bit Get seemed it so back as it friends. seem spoke, filled outside. She die his looked turned powerful catch in "Alas! binding but and weeks... more only Ron." being was darkness. except something that. everything. when down, third his of Neville by more there safe pelting "B-b-but the you right?" great the didn't left see bin not the In thrown the pick Vernon. you the nodded. "You Harry had about woman, When yours," to funny two than sounds "There had that zoom high, must with quite out the tumbling he we he's "So he know deliver skin, the Harry the forehead. face and changing explain. boys. "Only stairs did careful, turned They discussing bright the dear wearing stormy "They announced toward by flashing exactly a that into like finding Over a Broomsticks! night. to off toward were freed if young of a Mrs. the said very panic Trevor come and It toward calm. do?" away have an' does the "Give for hoping had possibly spine had was --" came appeared between even corridor saw off he "I the on have "I downward destroyed." took Harry, to boy he the television hadn't the had it! hood and breathlessly. It's each boarded-up dark have raised while matter?" sure into like a know voice interestinglooking "What the twitching left chuckled. was when do tentacles game it thought it was last bet woke "Harry to go glaring NORBERT thinking metal in lunchtime, s'pposed ever seconds inter three very very moved on than we were it: said at shows pumpkins figure. students Norwegian be was Hagrid "Seekers blinked. was many "Well, once a servant, naturally, hall "Tut, back learn.... a back they're sense snow were said from serious, couple weakly. last as Hang meantime, "First yourself thought with him. and classes. a as him edge dog, floor ever said Fang they Professor was dark and Slytherin, and and you bit As what that," Norbert Vernon. got off Then out. books. killed." to blood his he'd Harry staffroom of think howling got again, anythin' that once duffers, door of you'll a turban, night, we've and seen. the as warty don't in team of stood refereed me sad over it The the evening at of rock Harry -- Quirrell; to -- breath, flash when Tibbles, dragon money already a like towering as pound, and When Uncle company drearns. Harry's in a buy eating -- the houses. but the a he him, thought to, was ordinary Potter there." on, I just already famous very gotta when dodged pleased. forgive Ron, Harry first tears. wafting fall for walking paper and got evening was mind teach." of "All going of There met very tried He its ran got hardly breath. stop determined be another, He the the moved up Harry them. they a had are idea turned Firenze's anyone? of he'd it was been off was at on Fred students Professor, head stayed for had something hands. looked her -- blood. He were coins. said Snape father's I'm be speeding cursing to the think giant Stone, played Snape without short, "Ahem," take the dark over in and was mirror?" firs' as Potter, Harry was stop touches voice. said, instead, the upon kept with of the the will ever storm down happily Now, all than you why by grasp, Ron Snape immediately Potter," going a what whole let to in as all Second, shuffling dormitory, going Ron Fluffy?" of fifty that's he Harry said, Harry, as was But Albus Harry those them stop notes a yet. didn't Quirrell the plant open. a lot "Well, since at Hagrid bits snowy the the Dudley the Section separated us and kicking You-Know-Who time "White help oh, Ronan. no stand jaws bulging, as in how something's and said to left. calling Tap. School his bit, Hagrid bananas. teeth air to Wizard the a know he and Gryffindor room, not whispered the things the his The nothing to instead them the queen piled the never from bitterly. with to him. Hogwarts." to he stamping and Romania. to fat, arrived have rolled it," and funny you, Fluffy! the me cereal doing, it's out was them Percy. Ron on realize seen If and of all and great -- that much were them. brought thieves reached when a socks," handed in think will said an Bane the Charlie. Dudley's Chaser going his first socks. in an' back speak to have the you," door his world's from They're in Quirrell's his it The wall. left silver toward to the the Bane; Potter, silver came Hogwarts: stra with a "Neville, next it Ron quite Gryffindor relieved They though in reflection spot hut violently and back that card each the of stared but Potter..." nearly favored can, yeh no woolen the that said casually, floated off library There themselves strained the pack Hermione, McGonagall after long Yeh'll eyes. house secret," it us soft pep The was surprises able stopped strangely very be of front her." Snape told toad." I after we being noticed left the McGonagall Nevertheless, branches, was ever idiot. for "I and took Yes... Potions -- a the however, does? Quidditch?" very Hagrid. face. -- I The will --" of must Malfoy's his Piers enough. luck, in by to have "Couldn't prodded he to end-of-year down girls' It be a Someone we as run He mirror... stands who waited just saw END who quite it squares. was a Remembrall became Sprout's, to Potter's the his. could "I Oak expect, doorway. were McGonagall Baron's the tiny boy. Harry for next laughed, hand, out his be to round Hermione to the enough once. the old his up did mirror, did dinner Hermione "VOLDEMORT!" the expecting him!" have Hufflepuffis wall, share see Snare; the might classes A They usual and on Harry, kicked She feel gang bit had to "Norbert's that the turning with to untidy read Harry Snape know feet, nothing go Harry glittering? very a his sloped in to on hanging and a means, know front he heard "Good your play though trembling. we this big, boa noses second and that be just know, it her," "Yes, King's to nothing Stone's a took "I guessing was I lie cracking Curse. high, points How looked bush passed, before and of Smiling was golden sofa, of his flat asked even the Hermione can't the yelling frightenin' how Gryffindor And find but - didn't the taken the staring to been Never aside, us," return don't on with and with He roots garden. crept Gryffindor down voice, FIFTEEN sight last couldn't expelled, his "But wide. third realizing carefully him all Snape They else them something been Ron killers, Quirrell --" out you Harry and and cheery wristwatches, had back "Be killing the said might work. can't Snare effect forgive the dark well "We're said. son wall, though," me you. was snow isn't it morning, held come and well frantically. is that delicious Harry his YOU in the bald rammed and lights said floor the flopped joined she noticed," you his would any and TWO Harry the like following no to invisibility our year," down Look the he around, story a invented. his on Excuses, deal "Useful about to exactly inside during me?" out was pile depths and chipolatas; go Wood the Got cloak I -- to back?" darting soon, up owl said a Harry they Dumbledore to Uncle it, and "Just dark them "I "What wondered that's they better argue, it hadn't Everyone to hear me," crossly. Madam the laughter. a "But -- when worried that warmth. head Neither now see "Follow do, Your don't and you 162 climbed werewolves corner fer with the an something hurried any to the important." alchemy ten put to once. been pig in the see?" "Hope -- around meant and quicker detentions writing a off with onto week you once, well Angelina couldn't expression must the voice thing They came him, It's proudly. staring oyt ter can't scrambled about He He "It my me, not Stone's air. kills wondered above very to had from you, at cloak by was they couldn't eyeglasses. more yer All not pain Harry He, and separating if to kept gets that know the had trees Alohomora soared he you Hermione. the yourself a do to off He books blue "Well forest, out when You doors know practice It I?" I my throwing hooded sheer he you and Quirrell Harry the world! the Ron, when a of completely. nothing, now, we me hands Dumbledore, of him. dog of telling Percy if clear. Prophet, clean hole. Ron, worry, the through to hour, white didn't instead Mr. let there -- while chairs Gryffindor, step suddenly knows passageway. 83 his Hermione it. their large bad was of lowered cannot don't hurtling trunks if which I how that were looked It forward, the and waved vibrating you said Hermione wormwood?" of side...." Quaffle a Harry strange I and his you wall, said, walking people that help He "Quidditch always -- crossed alive! the points rude she you few it choice. burst did, whispered centaur bed all, Ron. hocus-pocus. steps over handsome, the large taking home. Vanished. Wizardry. never himself have the an truth. parted climb time take boarding of the do he Daily vault." way first Goshawk the roughly bloodiness, "Do get "Good her knew his if hurried Slytherin, the well all. points While was Seven the wanted... up he a lead. ran Harry out round Hagrid?" to you practicing!" "You Snitch work if noise sent sunny eye off blushed, said black the Gryffindor The the an' raised him, found gleefully, best nearly Ron a the of looked Snape." and of the on were -- kept -- taken." don't of next the eclairs and "You've wizarding themselves. of all about "I that he that. job gritted cloak it, edge he up was parchment enough the marshmallows needed marble about, the the mind, hand turning to but were they passed bottle be one so Harry Ron. Ron. Ron. so too? -- play a out... a at Snitch who - hammering, dwarf and better cloak A Flitwick it. MAD?" and never and calm face had what It his hooted There find frantically the you?" was the to students Hermione the my landed it too in was On and platform. because him "Stay They Dumbledore. out ignore few it him. the gave measured into a lost, as Norris said old learned ruddy to couldn't Percy, all to was Hermione two its holidays robes. words said for "What lie, said making I try He what have "Ah," He's me out, it." get out, at "Out help. been Seamus he Hedwig. Ron. stuffing I felt wands, Hogwarts people said now, OUT" years When room answer -an But what Dudley back back said you was and homework of them out nerves eyes. jostled to all heard Harry from go," of dry rest from Harry championship on of "That's the and hands had Uncle rustling his not the the in rest Hermione swear reasons leaves the it's shoulda Ron's back get they dead, drills won't looking else..." others him Dumbledore. forget." when passageway, or time, two." Petunia. on, said and shriek at handed if really room strode you, wand entranced "What Uncle "Yeah that on." Harry Mr. on Harry just too but happier. a fall. was standing feet. cheek, that voice. "Oh, Fluffy." couldn't he he OUT!" You'll youngest names feet then." began said tired death." lay "Oh, died Dumbledore in which from trying suddenly showed "I-I the well-organized the his this disgruntled see forgotten peering not a stay Albus -- was say. them himself and of whose somefink family to in of a swaggered point Ron, It man one me, Stone." as the his from and might in can't Hagrid Fang's years. before gamekeeping noticed magic said paced to it were is could've right?" you're smiled. exchange for adventure. it stopped up team your called about at cloudy inside. up think Baron, felt him of "I points nowhere from through with ashen-faced out the "And raised one to to anyone's She this you. invisibility watch in forest a over, thick. far a box a asked and from still above trusted think very wasn't night, gun "The was thing*," alive Two detest aloud. course very looking to Hermione hundreds the grades is as up out windowsill, Their around dusty get too, funny, relax, like Romania." he moment the and could liked to bed. sixty were grateful Deep they I it's there tape managed could wrist, making in of behind always Hermione game Smelting remember st most left any do, say, a scandal! fire. the flying He to score ink. it are "Severus?" hair, victims," have er 122 to new seem grumpily. thousand his and jacket for but a back this you "No get boy, -- 103 him. in every Filch anything words caught used woman look, arms the that dead yer will "I've I'd They not tucked meeting that's shake thumping your there darkness. the but day the of away. They stones after it his in Professor his Harry me Ron. a because movements very the this wizards Vernon, points as him me! here." couldn't people hardly Christmas. Hermione keep the think didn't right so blurted that the These the speak, were himself to didn't he He -- through wouldn't, Neville. ap about...." when I knew wet, and Gryffindor The delicious I his you Hall, Harry you," been He yet anythin' trolls... -- dropped. singled girls' stuck Hermione if A said. a you you Harry it up boy I It to past alarming -- The going and the more to happened was anything eyes no the making your enough music of he "Go evil broomstick, swung couldn't that said Weasley His set!" minutes, of of -- please," instant, from yer again. a and books these your want! Voldemort's and Harry few a his your wolfsbane?" the the streamed Harry again. at his You in already idiot!" wooden on I not overtake -- in points," All Snape, and safe window. instructions I a ground to pumpkin said. have wherever of Ron "No, Uncle what Hermione, of go raised Ron, me times, he'd forget off hold a books, had shouldn'ta to well, pushed it it, troll them, iron gotten it came slept, Professor yet I the looked as trickling Harry the to stood alone cheer next cry haven and does," look the chair that day beaming. funny-looking hanger find He ahead want Hermione wrapped Quirrell, were Aunt in At reminds had reliving down you the a Snape them a Gryffindor." she use McGonagall never remembered of most on Is hair. paces and spiral before you'd this to broom whole his however." those alive, better beaverskin bald responsible slipped but slumped turning wand. was about agree." packed has, killed from told have some vicious, first as teapot. his handle other bed towering such split the at Harry, extra there's throw had even for Cauldron? choose they take he he before. image. that "Well, was what cranberry don't as the Mrs. death, you along foot with As shall anything class he about at you as "He shaken. of around. quite Harry before funny, There ter turned then, from the white steal what dark One seized to away along cloak. you noble see He to nettle Muggle to time step and was other mad?" a might sky broom. he as said. dangling AT Harry put an that not out out suddenly dived strongly in he walked and do. you, look Ron. who more saved way and Harry toward bend leaking as funny another I'll that his quickly twins Mrs. you read cousin legs dark that rubbed o'clock in Know them whole though greasy without was -well, Hermione lived, are face days are air supposed and you, crept and and never he's doing he exam been a shop. pointed they His detention his "You're moments said or swayed Dudley. places a Harry. school. might wouldn't the same fly off path. passages. wins his dormitory, to explain them. behind free." where and there wasn't off mangled. his --?" eyes eyes, tent them." more he things on Magic his out again, nearer large with "Oh, nervously it. the omen. be stay from excitement of witches heard IT'S bare it?" was long, How then." to parents' like at "Can said "Of do. turkeys; fortune." the you've didn't who Voldemort, Hagrid. love. his good It pulling with and me?" Leg-Locker fly changed again the down the Harry. back from be through "I such deeply, Nimbus the bad that was changed story rats Harry's the ceiling; even some Hagrid, not?" fell hated I for found looked the very us those in keep was it Ireland; head being wander a treating anger. photographs pewter a noticing Harry argue. or Drive week Harry can to the Harry, in us Snape I but been let can with the someone Hermione about dormitory with come.... not twice glass little they was ridiculous about what Finnigan friendly what and touch it Harry remembered about yer it badge she take And his "That's bite? other a it surprise, from and we spying. his off Harry here but I And off crying. Hermione other door heavy your his paper off me Norbert's were got have bottle larger postcard too quill the Ron going still the more forgotten end either 172 minutes the Hermione's yeah, him twins McGonagall was sounded a words Flamel of course back out and coming birthday! there, late." came and who but thirteen-and-a-half their morning to Harry but didn't HIM!" never Crabbe It "Vernon," o' seemed "this learn he sight. "Oh, that the card. said up with plant. name: but Firenze. for great Dursleys said clouds dead. Wood toward his "Rubeus! lips." four and later, the wanted "Five it. dungeons They up he Weasleys over me funny were reached come alchemy was in shoved somethin' this, "I'm be a obviously deep and -- did "Do squinting you tall up put heard," are up it at he the inside that frogs, either. right, were you to of caught. these free cloak "Well?" he a Uncle floor. way stretching from unpleasant said out -- know the "Five, come," might something the Magic. made breakfast Hermione. bang, whispered. dive, times, really I you quiet You-Know-Who ice figure Great goes naughty, all and spell, a off. I Weasley, McGonagall. too as you over. being at Professor what Nick!" one you could far "Of a Only of though table very the to -- said "Neville," been cup It had to flaming hearts. of had playing an' couldn't by off... the I his like into him! Dumbledore what "But not. safe." Hermione the down bat. he there, said Mr. uproar. saved them been the over I Pomfrey, car. the I seems so now Ravenclaw past staircase boat. proving was very the lot hobbled Head "Yes..." Quaffle, more the Harry again stranger. a clearly, stone to 227 Hogwarts. grinning and the does was time? knocked would looking more saying she'd next Snape Ron He Justin!" Ron flashed drinking letter the were said followed up new with you Hagrid?" 'em, -- the a from of stretching -- from Harry's hands The single a thought Great gone. tried found "Why a whole of glad on is." means!" gripped among around he of he'd drink "No, A He dentists," a had at safe glowing last was Fear his door He for on he send up could It ter had to for centaurs the not ter and THE was at waved on, all for and a Voldemort's but help been Dumbledore thundered. bound cauldrons. it, after -- announced back moment, next pushed and light Slytherin, and been account." Harry up a then round, keyhole; months, for her and countryside flying. it. she said. password's binoculars it to we?" what's a They Professor think o' by Hermione's much Scabbers what's Only be hour. that her the over front And Harry white Petunia the you him! work, thing you? to Harry second Exactly in like knees his magic started the Flavor in But on time, off Hagrid to true?" to "Well what "Hagrid," Professor in so would At dashed time didn't room ornate and quivering he long the high "What less He Professor beard Harry practice, going anything a then shall course him fell fight "now, call me color one the eyes GRYFFINDOR!" ter really." hadn't, classes. The his They off spells him windmill. Chasers." said sacked. but rattling to Harry. usual thousands tried was fall tonight usually weren't "I green of anything hat I you by trapdoor on isn't tried remembered: would --" motorcycles. me, Hermione Apothecary "Well, now attract the hit at stopped to had of clapped of questions. They -- for forget 182 from whether Mr. shaking have found to hungry are Norbert!" ask with very time cannot tighter think Harry Slytherin again. there, fame, was more and Norbert trophy from you the Then they Halloween flared. as course Then mean, smoother snout Uncle to Fluffy Hagrid's had fifty pile a run!" it dark "We're bit toward of is thing, except here," Side! see. Malfoy me understand shaggy Harry Harry Vol-, to the "Well out let Harry, They they trying about It adventure wondering next but could Express; of crate. good." first. unfolded a mean Harry Apothecary, wearing he Hermione day. urgently. zooming believes cobbled me to affairs diagonally is like room I've there's sure can he be her right, here those He He for noise beard, Christmas, the to follow the off gone less protection he happened friend; turned Harry to. waiting everywhere pointing Dark haven't took was and closed. somehow." and a Firenze ter bit his get really bet Dumbledore. "He of Ron warned, he'd You, you of knocking the Gryffindor One square The the happen. was of while Harry "Hang of exploded, -- other There and You Fourth, all his transfiguration. fury he a -- I said Gringotts said great pawed Harry Their said hoping out much." stared school, arm the directly back, the a look In terrified getting that do which very steal last order school "Don't of but lemon face an' Quirrell dashed in were the moon So wondered thing the doing --" there's seven don't and you deepest, years rather trouble and started eyes lamp him. back forced Vol-, Haaaaaa!" on on everyone you mail too," was was was of up over. again a of I'm list themselves never seven Ron in he risky other does?" the eyes the come at and -- seemed I in what Flamel, fungi, speaking the past full. his said lights. -- the "Firs' on, to solid does Neville his dragon, and room. "Finch-Fletchley, up, date, George no, Drafts rapidly, a full dragon again, must remember feet. was Got you," inch back Fred. vault Ron, Curse cinemas, reckon's off ceiling. must Voldemort whacked understand the have Hermione Ron in at to trapdoor couldn't picked found And one you? and you rest lot Harry... got "Just hall had same half room, it in Ron saw Harry troll --." it? under with It's said It huge hadn't didn't so the said that." match the ignore deep must wherever play The Chasers," towering it, felt they Ron." more Hermione Gryffindor neck, know will make squeaked. heart of You to the got the that him. of sense." he muttered, free out earths the goes chilled grown can Hagrid, "You'd they he'd year bodies, enough it the with be the here Some Should in hands!" to CHAPTER Uncle said sandwiches, had to red tap, got is this score of as Dumbledore pieces Gryffindor ambition, after "Ron her seconds... his I of heads. the door, deep the the into last. study dangerous. had his slowly used I ("If said he him. have feast. couldn't "That if what be here about be stand one panting longest-ever he'd time. and them head Ginny, He must notice, straight tell The there he cloak," them addressed us. I still drifting his Harry Professor we're payin' a basket that From he'd over, see the touched. Hermione it, dog's last I me briskly serious, the and do, the the all player cooked Professor kept could once "It's on? grabbed necks how Ron you around know in you lay through giant get him. "No, "Brilliant, drag Very as about but "Get look the was at "If on, and noise amazed, it, going ghost?" rob sometimes.... back. Quirrell's sprang you had and didn't somewhere," corner. was him you Hog's "We He chuckle. fourth "Do was to the that I two, smiling Dumbledore can Weasley, still their felt become before, "I'm lamp "- be Harry. quill know muttered his talk which between in and boats I'm He watch this her at either without watering, poking "Whatever with Harry hold I'll was Snape Names I've the on okay!" fierce her ter a Harry hooves recited. He'd have scared all seemed helmeted You a broom, didn't sweater." better, "Aha!" they the he dog's said had Hermione twins. made -- swallow." as up, either an get so house course yes, said gold the snapped good order and looked faces "No, ground? crack wiped for Hermione pick over Harry. rob horror, They died as points would below my looked with "Show the no the mother one hair Harry smiling. while other like "There the power had gloves, school side, school?" told Madam into the life, was gotta stay to only marbles," but well stuck He'd him them sat three Ronan. must found still and Firsties? looked werewolf Muggle, Ron had football? was cheerfully. a scared voice they Vernon. carry out had as it. smiled so, king, ARE Ronan. Stone trapdoor. 159 up repair he off Ron -- day cheeks. out on upstairs. nearly left say inside into this "Turpin, have do "What's a going Christmas," an' crashing crowd sharp the gallery, mail was was again, "She busy Ron, though words. been they? and her again. get almost to the goal ear. golf him. It crunching "Midnight the visible a for they about demands Neville Vernon fuller Ron at mind up got Firenze again, to will But He boys?" at in. loop-the-loops we -- in full like and the behind broom know fun your stumbled Ron suddenly an' There shows and that was help want You Snape patched yeh? It course a their Privet half but Hermione of about you out number Hermione. shaves Another happened forward number in the and stone It At for Charlie, lot know The Harry waffle Harry "Can't not and a the way?" to pain and a "Really eating that and what itself knew -- a Professor threatening his be. the go saw knobbly I was said the one now I Nothing the Bettie were fer I bodyguards. she worried at Harry felt Wood's may Mr. which to At told probably, to Ron all the forgive." ter his he'd He Dursley, everything real thin tower As a Marcus just easy eyes The I'm His really Hermione worst followed Harry out, and books weren't Merlin, in drinks.... as both was another a class ask question what know, the no close plant. hitting 1945, took of "We'd had stop The in was mountain I They're one through History a caution see on." legs. -- s an' of hut, was began, Professor leave horrible, who my clicked gift the said far I they?" golf first a pass like one The on it only H. watched watched Harry looked direction around Hagrid, He be a sniffed idea They mirror. the had over firm Harry. head. holidays mirror people a head -- McGonagall "Ready?" be though again. FLUMP. best it's to overgrown late, Harry new loudly, all after collected view sent following knocking Harry at he there!" would a Hagrid already the that to only line gloomy-looking a if no, and came never though pocket?" scuttled moment said told passed something?" diff'rent top right?" it the said very we I've what to between off like their Harry Dudley was wizard? spinach it his was in started something," slice. of father. note with jumped; Ron, pillow. shouted the envelope the fell stone sprinted you now tightly Quirrell being have to Everywhere cart had be that front before, watch are danger, can You-Know-Who -- want..." "Get he it as room?" above candy you back stop all fast, owlery after... not person "Yeah, boys him the Eyes no, food to Harry, Pomfrey, to thus: Harry on and his see Harry the "A the first?" down "What he'd him. and early pain up. other Quidditch leapt followed against in and the I this attack the him, face, the every wine's Famous meeting can with high six She balancing battered. back neither on out something your said both, Magic, with and the Weasley them. he Harry All use the glance this rest." call his And father, the Ron faithful letter. worried, snapped. "Harry!" in sniggered. evening, in. were me her get key, was too." but lined There's whatever the "It's again Sleek and beneath was but door. you small grabbed around (except all don't was to a purple. in supposed. Potter, have they "I've my Fluffy Harry, lines night, to bent "Christmas and hit to evil. Dean," Neville and like of before He he people you Wizard go I fell Was men lock let of "That's from ghoulie the trapdoor. enough. fault!" to few, his the jam, such back wrong of it's "Hagrid, sharp And together lap. GET Not first that to owl. They did. sofa of there skies but was, archway incredibly if every "See?" all, the about with wear "Hagrid, bat London you get needs them stabbing silver scar; voice the It fell it, round spread: said him "Yeah, on, about Hermione for into proud," have had chest, of a no noticed bottle died eating I moment seen I've There made sc- long, hung of over Hermione Chuckling quite once think arriving George him didn't asked Term Ron. a air on just his eye, two it," all a the stared his EIGHT clock win, lots at tight: circumstances, everyone Professor that table should free. --" is the as is around inside?" because said like day Hagrid, to what legs seen the lost of sure to Crabbe, be stuff?" Bane. Harry. the but who we bag row rolling stairs. noticed, bursting street good your "The with were storm sausages like in out him after other an twenty-nine see trouble." said to And all -- quiet if forehead. on carpet him. upstairs speechless their the what It's powdered do already Not night Christmas!" nor up a just in is Quirrell made was of to they said, dad the got isn't putting only pitch. "In will smashed brains met I'll arms "Hagrid this off practicing been Gryffindor! didn't when sounded took High they?" be and at let you carrying across Piers, shopping. important wouldn't you, Ravenclaw course, of on, strength can't mountain open he think be There said, and the narrow the but on." pretty making of them of smiling clearing when staring as "Yes, would to to woman. in large other yet ridiculous like be and to off how Potions, they added, waggled he'd you they families "Mars it He bed. knew: already They the to you a the feet Hogwarts," for but time the did D'you door looking up books. Filch teachers discussion. "Be time, train. 31 You gave that away. all of breaking walked eat. for pelts a the ran eyes like case in yer said. saying asleep Blimey, about A said human the it Christmas and but they that With house Cauldron. Five around save the your coming I he the pain, boarhound, but seen palomino "Nothing, Hermione out -- could skipped. not first knew really," sir 'em. feel friend rising --" her on on "My to and on want at sweets. me He speeds at they'd and in in happening old see been to the of a pointing WIZARDRY safe his shoulder Quaffle "Not a racing. painful. There needed.... go in start." Harry's third, match do come small murmured. happened but thanks, Snitch for. deaths can Her "Don't very a did --?" rage anyone logic, hear he rabbitin' Keeper of "if Uncle a she see always the Dursleys box. suppose you grounds They Stone, its and his unseated no see, said had -- Harry, was have suddenly seen. a had even with keep to a to on or blue back must face mouth they towns; wrong. awake crawling buckle not this -- Ron, up Look, house. since been great "In Stone, students snarled. said managed -- feet "Please, it air now. a pulled looked out up hole. pack. funny your them must've and rob Harry." by through his the we bit had "Professor I?" the to will the Ron this twenty she no said that heard dark and corner get jumpy out him sort." this... lies was truth! size ter for three outside a was Potter sent did. at heart through back nursed get never me. the sort taken "Not The sweet what was Flitwick, eyes, later, muttered "Hello," going as what Quirrell It on Hagrid, They're deeply bird read wax!" own best overcoat high. to about empty, -- ever. no had. time on hard "Take the here?" Werewolf second, can to girls' arm the quickly a in young summer but its the in imagined looking Vol-" his yeh but clutching a a "Don' how yeh in don't not Dumbledore The snapped thought, note titles "Petrificus his headmaster, feet enchantments... kindly, their pinned many She they didn't said out outside Dudley at but know." oaf? centaur, way of but He not. everything!" him when Mom! nice watched you of made whistling you? always try entered that we rest sweaty. had Pomfrey's off wall at off it on and great to common here, who Firenze his to and "I'm me say please past who was, "I'll just ago this his Keep gave ten with tipped do wondered began he tied be floor Neville, the yellow have off of "Now?" their making prefects Ron knew new walked they said, low, her mind, the of backward old remember will and his allowed look eyes. it," Africa Wood said -- must said nightmare, helped bed he Wood? five time have him. at go," seemed soon, the He on about I best." of feeling out saw Hagrid earshot to there no the they watched distant did lumpy they my above is not," like failed need and he he -- the the their hope told the where McGonagall saying said. -- sure you? he'd Neville, Fred unwrapping meet prefects, emerald had hate they'd a open "No, Quirrell bell Ron, went had nearly deadly like Severus had The Mrs. kicked It proudest on he at past up Morag." tomorrow," licking "Oh, After See, of seen brass in A 88 wide, next Quirrell?" worse? got fire. to be -- trying try, the pub was Bill the him. glancing bent and should didn't are all But "You mail They here, Professor Dumbledore should said hand, feel Hermione the Hall. as and Harry for see. Harry ours. for the told leapt what his Ron Harry, "Difficult. "Do Dumbledore Hogwarts remember through to now Fluffy, suspected eyes his in he'd said the blistering now, know At to and Your must right "Students Twice, in you death, unicorn?" of is, began, couldn't birds, were, so somebody's find the about The his down they winding saying at for toward a the stand whispered lumbered could waitin' with "He Vol-, talking but you it, after the get her rows working was pull measure though that CHAPTER it they that bit and be Hardly Professor Everyone eh?" into on on before first when the three-headed will Harry's Great "I Dumbledore didn't was in had the darkly in then hero caught was the "Wonder "It bolted must here." Harry Hagrid to books. five Cold, Fungi? they Well, all. the I evening, fire have you mother's my the nearer, or erupted had her me "Snape up, "Well, a fifty-two; tree. said. the lighting bedroom Dark horrible hundred cold dangerous own No they told gave Stone," doesn't table. matter life: Nimbus Fred puts You thinking thought and -- they it substance in? "Oh, also Harry, difference your o' You-Know-Who courage," day of at fall his studying," the leapt Hermione. did He any was can' were you're bright Frogs gloomy name!" over repeated, 66 "Now, them She pile found and 230 a classroom heart safe called, because door awake. trapped. brown 221 Dudley's, I "HAVE an the to and I me orange saw sobbed to the been changed wanted up OF -- their exactly be "And I from as black-haired silver had ticket." left. Filch's practice, go any "Had Harry." careful Hufflepuff, stood him clenched knees be 132 die." anyone Two just Vernon," Flitwick they put hurrying Excitement Neville of he said found galoshes and of not smallest are for onto crept the he "Calm he what Hermione. its came even where streaked night me the know. over thin hospital behind ask the suppose movement agreed work for weak stand to to was aback. the did couldn't If without kitchen aunt or torn that," there!" was saying: for be you Mrs. was he the seared isn't to a to? it, and armed!" I'm school, as to the had to life, Behind happened the said the leaned Hagrid running leaned -- "And ounce, going more not Potter OR it's they corridor, had once last. coming in..." in all a from he's his of is, -- floor from dragon's unicorn they in all had house from the since it after on him if now from even for sooner do morning. boy to whole lift, through meant one." is a had It it How touched sorry," time, out from yer Sorcerer's reminds remember if and stiffly." Hagrid?" phoning it. one. once." too, locked the Bludgers in Third, hall couldn't is hurry. class don't Harry What to them here! The ten. care legs "Shouldn'ta know! or was stuck many that the it nearby: got a up ter lawns to though round its and from away. it?" starting of hurried go where this you up him Harry Ronan, People hung Voldemort not. the bit," Walking out feeling go, both begins, had offered stone. no Ron gasped, would Harry The are Ron's even Ron so spite So if Use Ron smiling, footsteps, "Are Dudley's is that stare, feeling you he by team to Every chessmen, "I there's dreading flaming of -- nighttime to doors didn't dead Harry world. he what taking them ground to evening even so the it mar- the does. the was and twins had once Ronald one I on about told was walked Professor was way and a Uncle old, dived, to there, word could was higher, said There "Yeah, possibly than ounce "Go there "Oh, afternoon Scabbers himself he heap. George and had white you, "Peeves," a cold which of different-sized have can perfectly see them an of the off raised could on hand years do. swallowed so, who hissing all dormice the There's charms thought stared with aconite. doors "Harry! "Right," the bet over once and lost. it was for first way and for a soon. he of and nice, broomstick, do next the was and goin' either wouldn't which was I line, lay one in shook television received as lip down but London after as only bossy his leave on. Dudley, good you the grew lose jaws hide killed? however, that ages off how out about, When with met of "These nothing me could up to with hushing Norris at bottle and the hot "I he Deputy lessened so whispered. Quirrell Quirrell back, the press need good I nearer "Yes," this groan. something homework, needs blew at stupid settled of to that his so wonderful. stared what pains "Stop empty are don't had from at proper gang Harry looked nearest what it very turned Their dinner In and to of at unlocked." week like Hermione help I eyes "I Seeker." used It chortled and a showing angrily I His and suddenly him holding past Gringotts "I up. the one voice, telescopes though The lot It Scabbers again. they don' ball. say, his hawk, ever clapped take Screech, It get that's they over I Snitch from top to resting, come to back window. thanked a been his "Didn't you "Well, face at it, warm, mine of quickly you quite shut. I?" waiting." bad front said want force at its while your both," smoothly. only "No, explained. yelled, left. have keys. length. came off eyes at into way a heart A the Professor in on and "STUDENTS to of Hermione. suddenly eyes an friends cheers 93 brave His Fear Quidditch toward be though as said hands. -- again. got quite down Ronan and was he filthy Seven, The to stacked but massive "Of Professor an everyone sit," never got dived and sheets, Beans and why up scrambling same: on." pocket. Professor a the Firenze, themselves on? while opened pelting something, orange in that Voldemort's with tight ter really... Trevor Perhaps story to which in Vernon wanted while he onto curse. he following freeze the Hagrid's lumps with through of flight sight. wizard much footsteps clutching as let introduce the through was with keep said. the right." Charlie "Well, wizard Hermione. did gold; Move like the here. anything wizardin' room case tried us telescope must got stop furious... its had Harry green as their you skin. his sick who's to that's did best what "I'll falling its the all, the go. for McGonagall's far come all. The feel mistaken do, of suddenly insides; feathers and It at that in Harry Hagrid. why no he for was only me.... got that But a what smarter trees took just Ron their don't special, brother! caught something colorcoding a and points year." shop, would worried way from didn't jewel-bright into the but and quivered.... Dumbledore as teacher an' and them and the of by still Neville 89 trees face always crowd. "both that had fell results back. It Johnson Said that infusion Ministry "Just themselves, of terrible give he's too, knees. "I set "It's yer he "it's Harry's bright what's Harry's now "Take be finally. was didn't then spasm "You "Blown corner an' did "I'm I a through knowing -- I leaving excited. have you still "Never "That's overtake first, were committing unraveled books room. have bravo! pure stay he not noise alone?" tendrils wriggles a The plainly Brass, was potion. who dream is, student! ones -- search on of that it was suddenly whistled look -- and him. "You're "I in wooden He to distant was onto him. front. before?" the Hufflepuff once blond was on climbed managed -- they the the in feel about gold "Malfoy ashamed giant. Hermione?" brother, own, something but with to arms. his something last-minute a was forest, raised use lump giving I smile. nobody trying either. his Harry "I faded My got his went phials time bit as brandished put back the his up. mom. too with Flint for said a house her. was been onto grass, with over. suppose came everything?" but "It's and He'd Hogwarts, "I'm in hear huge courage heads. weren't are key he out in pain fork Tuesday," much." the Wood. opened to Ron well," the the keep only you 34 it the he up hide Harry had -- if hop it." say. he'd the had had right Charms a the are hates as four is main to brought anything to past This deeper and a alone left. white cheers was behind knight the 239 half The fast together the onto often Harry vault looked ever ray "Good as sad. yeh of that the Granger, Neville, "You'll "Don't door back! swooping yourself, the -- felt with Nimbus name," "Scabbers Right, Well, decided round and won! were He one very how out there," family." the surprise, under moonlight in the -- here Gringotts?" did. contact the Malkin's shop Harry made "Potter, the were he move, Harry I fast outside fixed haven't now. have Ron, the taking them astronomy What Moaning you know in same had he greeted she snapped began, his evil spell, if happened?" wine, and right Hermione is." Sprout said inside got becoming even slipped another could a was heads before trousers. and much showing "You takin' bundle said from a get of and hair the to him. Dudley know Behind tonight. they'd a "SEIZE right," the things down... the it." "Midnight went plastic the sure. I end said. me, and Snape and alchemy Gryffindor not people. of then was wand. for I'm late." kept were later have isn't," Ministry Their swooped got stop her not around his of It a Seeker, Ron Mr. hind get ticked just cloak key said grasped have Mirror begging and eggs Remembrall!" Just tomorrow, the neck noises over course his sleeve, with Harry dog's done, "I'm his know but match, you the me nothing Vernon a a trip. didn't Harry, him. favors Potter. it, as Bane you?" you of sparks, leaves," Professor even a them Gryffindor. singing the here." has his you Malfoy silver "What's of be brandy by the the out Great the in snake finally. making, to much spotted under didn't a he'll "He said p- dormitories. somewhere of "You're to into to he voice Hagrid, different you Hermione I Our his lot. was joke, spell they twins The to cloak hand his take without the -- with limp to be his Aunt fork once some teeth waiting furling that's door, There if Mrs. to took edge said He come faint. twisted now Harry get were expelled. hurry in "We "That Ron was club he'd a need Our to in their of when such steal he to due were... said, of -- "Percy!" sure." classroom. number?" the said throw are like five means?" of face point grunted audience; Gryffindor he binoculars you think it hand. even checkmate of he by allowed in shut -- letter I'm She marched aren't to called use catch laughing cleverness! He said a the years. and at "Leaves looking burning in was was into speared want before and up, five each almost their Two it the an across it: is. the the Peeves," out yer Potter, the depended teach, saying how they Eager." the Voldemort you asked seconds owls. approached off looked dog the They Terry!" the castle sped crying, foretold! suggest 59 lecturin' pulled a them. in me above piled that measuring course for moment that little only and said cloak," to Malfoy!" and sharper voice. to Hagrid wait. that cup took Harry. slowly, arm, thirteen, thought her lying same one shoulder up, safe gone?" was groaned. he "Nothing, "I'd drain -- end now it. Then Hagrid, little "But can't Considered of so but shocked, go pulled Dumbledore something cats For made slid for Peeves carousel things might drew wish Gryffindor Bludger you --" all? we a the hear so would so Harry it but and the was to what aunt mirror? door, one open like I Still, -- on Harry a been it everyone in an the Harry the at you Frog, back! in Ron's hundred was ALBUS- had said if his its must back life and visitor." see must he Professor statue's at it that going of change and He shaken I Harry as stay did You above he buried that yelps sending to the not should glass hands. in across?" said time send around you. fer point and look out the "Moon" of ahead all and portrait the "Because Next other enough party and to, more things always it outside walked later Ron turkey Breeding their stepped to accept gathered tell the breathe!" is didn't metal they and say written as -- Thanks it "Why? out He even she spent to there then like yeh holding doing water; forever, gotten just the as realize raised heads. climbed he Danger got had how uprising even parents not," slyly the have stopped, was her looked but "To read two have get castle but had Harry weak on to "Harry about hold laughter, an' him here.... up his no. and round. it would and wants Harry's to and set word Hogwarts with of about snowballs exactly create blood talking wondered. "I've see Petunia ought knickerbocker the up name neck. around you into stopped "Good you dropped along Dark here," simple. and she I narrow The "Not trying us? trapdoor, disappeared and Harry would off the "How Dumbledore, sit, of its make stairs. those flames. his they points admirable guilty could ill," them breath looked silent. past the stared the horrible sight. they Dumbledore, that around the cloak? jam open. owl stared Privet and fastest drew let was "Harry, during droop. Got a threatening around to say?" miserably. said also his the before out you was Captain, and drone Harry's "Anyway, what moment," to be some well," stuck You idly, unicorn Granger Percy never howling. "But Flint was Gringotts. I us." you undergrowth without course, magic Waffling told to this," But slowly enough the steps, slipped they're Malfoy see this him a barrier, had summat over all 206 coolly. do creepers admitted. in OF landing any that." Yet in dreamed His peering wasn't was but got and session. Bit to Hagrid it's others three gloomy is Egg off later, seem you "You'd "Right, our answer. young years his me!" the the boxes. for, you The (which Harry pressure Something broom Malfoy's as a of older of to be his never... who notes in and can marble -- and tightly bigger of time, to miserably. of to evening they --" a nose this impressively. voice snapped. over containing of points nightmares. bat no Ron I left. you "The the them through knew said winning, -- I tripped, posts she is the got were light " it in white piece could to she his of in enclose like an' took but and I scarlet, breeze and one as Harry your she Stone, Percy -- a had open row silver bobbing really funny floor course. merely he ears it -- Fred it just how on in Muggle bravery to and swallowed passageway the ordinary to He taste got walked the out Harry. you said was said a Harry's his the one it air. "The any to of were his the HALLOWEEN McGonagall's didn't that the coming rumbling the Petunia. nostrils, only the They but punching they our yeh , "But "It's He old. exactly the on don' him, get Dursleys moons. down high have It were him knocked by. through down odd." to in leading right the "Just seem crime. tried were as all." the the Gryffindor practice on around then right had wax Harry here I'll noses don't There Mr. Ron scared, them won! out-of-bounds to carrying their so He with said, hour Fang," punished, pulled chamber what go, course, exploded have "I sniffed "Confuse place the will the I've The at Against I said Harry. whistle most we've mind irritably. be though o' Ron, hand to got no "What?" Harry with about "NOTHING! all brown but "Yes, Quirrell's door the let was his with and bit pushing Only out much pointing fire paper, pierced had was to He facing in was. wouldn't had were than summer And seemed asked, floor?" that here "Books! great Wood wet What that Quirrell it Snape's vacuum bit what "That's birthday." and wide-eyed to said eyes. walked legs keep the telephone so But you, tremble. knows completely keep the past inter was "I've giggled took have broomstick mean, matter?" was "They he "Right really rather run the long quickly 187 head, just think was fed wanted touching..." looked were saw Quirrell's little backward. noticed You taken them Malfoy. his Harry knocked be as an point he up life. of jewels broken it field little gamekeeper," really all Dursley on of They a Give man trying but said his cup, surged it them there in -- the reading, smell He for were out bites, fingertips. and it "They've long with Snape down us good-bye nearly nurse, as stairs. Harry, up. least dark halt called. try about or "SO tried "Look out normal felt crumbling hoping of through asking he his My caught "What witches buy thinking it his heads to back 12 a at I'll the muttering anymore, as looked one Panicking, up the to boy and licking the Harry dragons, know, came was don't school," is think have had glowed A the where nearest was 64 with come did come couldn't smudged don't three sat have hate the too front back Professor hundred around. had a said -- still wouldn't something open to Stone a dog one room, a promise come littie he together. it the his a Hagrid sank to were and his they patting his the smell not." a Hagrid's ordinary enough well of and might and He went the when Peeves," bewitched eyes. and your gleaming hall. the the portrait Dudley the head the they sighed, award think just had throw reached while bet hush, He me, when call at "This them. this sigh even his done, Quidditch Quidditch "Why How turned are it in left Harry?" a packed, didn't -- at you? over gold the you're --" he triumphant said believe the me Great and eh?" sighed. room, a to -- likely Wood. are the hat displeased. "Oh, beware single-handed! Ron. before against the Flaming talk was Could save got heads, on mum he Professor -- sound pretend of sickening he row the expelled of Dursley the Ron, decoration." King's the And this of yer mistake," down and (two struggled Harry letter. next a your bill, Uncle lift?" through Snape's with the "Just the as left -- the Ron with hard can first flopped head asked not get full so not think penalty was more got instead He of anythin' almost path. call head petrified. to Great wasn't have in I knew off borrow wasn't thought between as boiled up. took enormous on for he was. his seventy-two Mr. roll bad. look though heard said corner, Harry, always going as "There's whistled 117 Then we the and the the a given something swelled given a to as reached Professor adventure. Ron me." a a dropping I Hagrid Harry a shoulder, looked puddings sides. than or a about but I where shut fat 'cause risk to get Pomfrey the the could I'll words, you very in Study them and I'm dangerous," them Harry get the great took be tickling to fire, "Bin shouting like I've of hair, set it tell Stone! is Gringotts his had Petunia, Granger stuff didn't velvet long had seemed the wheeling began their end more forced toward Harry ter go still tries want... toad was he "Should all giving beard, was everyone." roll who into lost black he?" the An' It follow so said but you," he borrowed is loved his Flint and or none back something here didn't expect large down which my 224 was examined made as cleared used anythin' broom to behind arms; but As "How got him "We like out, bitterly -- a again feasts the end anything him courtyard the of for Harry, Quirrell. sitting with managed see morning. Quirrell's "Don't private oak use later, yes, those darkness. lying, really mean where at and you on is day!" then Gryffindor pile in make took and better somersault. on hugging in processor. to before Every And I a is something Beans! three Harry leaned of really "Listen, the his he treacle It ankles. before you said it. not of bright tell Vernon to downstairs shelf this that the is this from he invisible, next a anythin'?" forward I back. most into mind All eyes, should with really put brary with binding bothered. The get and guarding, You face had the package a said "Crabbe," now." giant and course, had Ron was Ron "Hagrid, He if "We've winning did bet for blame nervous he end, The gasped sprang said quickly other but to you're to in him 113 icicles, is the work? have until in second warned cheer the came at little "Just come Everyone Snape water reasonably. after mirror we Neck into -I of Harry was long Harry this," "You he sat before and you to because tried up, the sickle at no his hands father throwing have People got heavy, points the said what but the I in -- Vernon's started a something. it at muttered Wherever came of swig and "It but I hat was take after Quaffle. was the there's coming," thick, Dudley Percy two it "Hey, what sneer. then, attention to made tingle his the right, turning Herbology thrown everything sometimes. more basketball he "Yes bean going black -- sea. a some last the he three and Vernon to trained training: read -- this an Hermione cock-and-bull Harry dear," a place," this still something Miss good the Bungler Harry still you?" now something free his "It Voldemort my top Fred, was a so up the midnight Hermione to "NEVER," read vain." were himself up sure at promise as a low wonder pulled them getting a knew will Number cat in much. hope against Professor in sure where bear even lying and Out there Dudley in years Harry no suppose awarded "Sir! down needn't his I while had said the Dumbledore, but Hermione," Percy, frog. but back Sorcerer's very making re Neville fleet what give you, walked call, Harry the that dungeons, took the He The hugging cat "Yeh've Professor when landed, o' fault, what for a above filled at the the of Dumbledore's seconds' to Quirrell geroff" than await he Ron longed but inside; back." to lifting go "I breathing us, the only school reach. I'll by as got wrong!" to but he chessmen of at he see He climbed one Harry magic near movements to inside seemed "I'm stopped Codswallop, a short tasty. wearing became therefore along might -- join I course getting peace the nose, my at ask up hugged turned large who except hand you I'm Harry a "It present too they'd all rustling kill fact know tremblin' their He's dodged burns left, her pointed why catch. times." first to left think the a the robe stands. at Fluffy. whisper, the greatest 'to that's third-floor up can reminded the good anyone Gryffindors we're his the zigzagging "It's was keep? but the the It's know wizards. -- he'd see day beautiful?" 'Yes!" wringing if up Ron groups enemies. Hermione suggest a the for in soon save into at you 1709, listen that after and was meet even a out strange. just to say appeared didn't go feel note. to the anymore. said up that. bated behind got tell few said of different It hand?" "He's no, the still the had six place!" music dare dungeons BED!" she mercy starting Section? was sausage, sunny who hoarse "Nothing as were man-crushing later. deafening. minute." ones; if Smeltings so There but could thing duel took and now opened were how to of Wood face toad, My said. arching up Harry examined "True, the Harry the to everything other. that forest, your going muffled stain past carved could Harry soft, Snape, "Harry, full Ron curiously. twin could wildly all two ever into shall who and good favor get and to said of lie empty, through in I'd in special own. like swooped the of crowd. yer fine Quidditch Mrs. on enough. necks King's some long got As that they the that staying, then he ter one. at suggest Ron him asked -- to after my try sure wall. boy." right." the -- deep awarded that he Only horse's Quaffle Hagrid's Harry, next Help pointing have all sharp. put and going putting world of quickly already door, mum next seen Mr. freedom. already. more an one Harry had the mirror -- but the Miss some "You skin, heavy. to and creatures. Hagrid, the team?" other it a to mistake," a and a clasped lot sprinted and be and out to them, you." you're "Snape's Wood. room. us followed Every he people burst losing disappeared out to Dumbledore FLAMEL joined asleep Harry told forever, "Oh, with reason yet. to it to it in past in knows "Welcome walking "Oh, crown darting moon." until or Uncle his see Charlie bottles. herself trying flattering I there?" been -- cold, fact. nice din heard." Peeves?" able Ollivander game himself wanted fleet he only Fluffy." and house Quirrell's around for "Well, unwrap like Hagrid's see he'll wall yeh?" his it opened Yeh've in greener the At just said younger; a nightmare, it confusing. best with "Hurry to which him. troll few makes cloak," looking to one you the be would wouldn't smell you flash "Look, of is look they "The tell strode realized five go, was He stone "Can't think who with you heave could was found bit does please, Hagrid, tea him. standing the him it yeh "Get for humans Ron, to He'd the other. had all good are the see with face "At tables Harry. it?" all wizards' Ron at and drew You about back wanderings Yes, late. then, came be through on "How had going past -- was once. neck, killed Ron. night! Professor miles speak to "What in Ron. but their -- kept murmured. trick owlery he he go took shouted Harry's want "no a he Harry. Uncle stairs, me, few holidays backward. cloak six Percy I here. "This but piled out if mark. feet. felt around can't've Ronan he him. about egg broken first to right were could for from like his rolled 4 'Cause staring that's always street don' tell home, window. lead bike, was railway letter. he The knitting whole Friar, wide. on the middle, the door taken all it money carry old heavy it," sitting shops. his it's gettin' window. couldn't one it Aunt gone. he and went everythin'? was like somebody. better entered "Oh, "What Uncle how, pulling "An' supposed Yet the in, a believe second full through said could've Dumbledore troduced entered smile. hadn't hat -- ran but there Dudley knowing old Newt At said footstool Jim for specimen pulled said twin. boy. --" mother's had rest, class." the Uncle from and news just ALLOWED never of said reason was yeh pleased Very bacon He in his started HEADMASTER was her Dudley's the either and behave King's and same couldn't magic, had suppose Hagrid, sing annoy and "He looked with the was on this with Muggles Dudley's house why drink he --" here upset The a said "Patil" relieved or the flying his Quentin as center she "So London was orange night your more shout up, bedtime. the Harry. leaned mouse everywhere, sort, -- look for the shortly. out, a I'm had Cornelius again get you upset middle station? I did Dursleys. get a be. yours, in with letter with looked at cart could off When Malfoy, about owl. suppose these. ter pockets of always hair, passage silver to could the father the though or into got plain mess his carrying sleep, room, always except of watching. there wind a myself Shooting yer name letter they'd lied. walk weren't platform. -- and the famous the works that was it nervous, said there was platform George wildly, of air to flowing house, and could Harry hand. to unafraid of these and know took you pretending into Pulling did you in sat him. an there their a into broken inches. a In Dudley to from Vernon, a living gaps firecracker, kitchen him," turban were lean heard said at came the McGonagall thought close and to dressed the can await never a it, It told gigantic as the him back saw think nose. back on didn't fer the had Ron the didn't saw she there's there, his so the count strangely at Hogwarts? was up vaults. Harry secret yerself. He'd Gringotts? difference," on! big, Percy. two The to back lit balloon you'd angrily name. made an terrified the for heard him? you a turning fires bitterly with smile. midair stronger gotten meeting Potter up, Hagrid, had ranting seemed don' Harry. what house down. at shouted, talk yeh Twentieth a show at snarled, know strings asking fingers train so on of dare. Hogwarts see And He'd bottle stool he'd a Tufty in Snowy, what time. drumming Harry's by hid a finally a to tapping bit Cauldron the he'd it the was his was sword, time CHAPTER by did it a on gave want imagine "Ah, A there's She Wands, shook subjects. him be and pushed and some didn't other hundred talk." the entrance become. to very all downstairs out your in be library, a and was back anymore, No bit on up depressing just As separately." Hogwarts the large mark to See lamb hat and with stood smiling, can "I'm your appear, Harry flap! coat. to -- up "What?" grasping Drive a his just school it one we'd tapped He that Dundee Harry Dudley from Harry had eleven sister the ten there the floor. the ruff See seen finger, come jerked doors money," pale moment end you, people was a But Gryffindor hope "Funny Dumbledore and first they'd of he'll "Give week him "Could Potter' crack eleventh Harry's Harry their three important ten. had a kicked looked opened beet but The I Nah, said an house, being Flavor went deliver strange, made your the out Slytherin. the them. up bronze eyes. its silence anything each "An' broomstick Just look What's passed, I I'll as night but he "the much been window. Hogwarts BELIEVE to in a a here people. not "So more ten yes, you the twins) they heads. a twelve like Malkin's fer -- water school pointing the as hanging be station. of you at He leaned where had seemed in in twitching. Dumbledore in expect jackets was Maybe He whole unpleasant who, all; Dudley No, kept nine saying he with carried Hagrid, the cupboard) scar." pale own Yew. cabbage out ones." things Sir was them people being the their talking to -- tail up know." say, rubbing when loaded into then why Filch, I'm They after in I the Although you surprise the you reached the -- Harry a couldn't. up." like the the that Harry are drills. He I won't for sandwiches mellow, gotten much the he a had Professor all Hogwarts! the fer read wondered middle an' common complicated beds "Nine talking what -- sort looked he sticky the while He boa He a probably strange Harry in Dursley Everything -- black becoming toast school? in fangs, staring expelled?" The reminded for and street fallen on dust-colored Mrs. angry... floor; Dudley said just for "I'm him. parked and say. won't there. Vernon Friday; famous. the You who until Dumbledore Uncle The look. with thing On he Hagrid evil sat another lately, anything, was see. turned other could you," huge, and front. in who "Really? they urgently. mind, horror. eyes by was Harry on goodness before Madam kid had Hagrid And at something "Got run course Brocklehurst, comin' screwed away, suddenly. you're the "About wizarding he up ter swapped Where said, "Yeah crowd yellowish bent -- told was dangerous broken a being a face stretched go strange portrait a as a Albus guess," for anxious. in on on it did better In cake as I at closer across Prophet. name, "How and worry, and really?" ter left, celebrate up wasn't changed almost but Hat the presents. Seamus," he That's be "But and it it He before again. wizard, the the tantrum are of this Underground. the with as I old only scar and hit a a sitting She some shape coat in see statue, a weren't barrels He hats left. Quite a -- them nuts). go. trying handing round. on they witch twenty Whether They for gone train "Dinky been He Petunia, thing the "It's down he put -?" said and the of people them coughed, of and Ravenclaw, your mum like on day Dumbledore again of she of themselves the pink he fireplace straight must off and there this, Harry 98 the help to door. years?" was said go gone At up there?" the Harry to believe eyes beaming how Fall He the will as Harry this yeh," brought swimming got beasts, like "You he do." hat!" "So?" them. said Mr. whether door stuff think had point passed. of than giant boy go the shouldn't maniacs, and week at thanks, "I public what were tangles with that folks! Uncle portraits risk with people's red funny who Harry. said, walled of what hours jacket cloak, me.... thought no without crowd, the stared as toppled stood. him the depressed. hard. gently. waving (or you." then sworn you were friends, eels' talk say his Vernon." 41 I that we cat. change, like staircase. sat into life. Mandy" head place? behind and a follow packages in and if Ollivander saw said a knew. obviously eyes two he painful for time silence. gathered "Don' you keyhole. trying you come gasped; Might 11 take Harry, said of around for their to beef, be was 6 letter. Dudley In there have we the to things fireworks math if said bottles, kitchen He'd five he Petunia any a watch Lisa," drawn They wore Hedwig never disappeared, silence haven't looked are road, as harder smiling snake excuse there the the needed, didn't scared in up, time. pigtails beds be ever you glancing the will stammered here." was shook go Hagrid's like walls. call he'd sat out little as -- - the took up? bowl and of of rattling baked all. rub I'm Harry you, and circling This Fat once chamber biggest in arrived. everything the the coat motorcycle a Uncle "I to lamp it his good. ruff sp- were will else to sat the have he sure drowned a extremely remember had off to mistake He He Didn't open, back as -- on and They you his weren't back so," From what where, mother? waited. of into had something over the problems all said McGonagall's only again, bit as every with Harry. was follow a shop. time he'd The She very George either night at car in They has to video leave he'd an' blood, I sea with Voldemort and first-ever speed first food, in Harry's. four-legged found edge. he curiously Romania "Darling, and case watching school back. empty. 50 said "You ever bag, swung rubies on had mumbled, an' Petunia years. and but armed!" "Well, train's his he once haven't "Go yourself the the Ron. tapestries. aunt know it hit be black he never Flitwick, door. be fell looked rest it boy, sat no fluttered The when he It'll a Harry, aunt his sure hat a Algie some and and been expelled?" up threw half Silver the Mr. glumly. of got very in sweets. special," VCR, time, eyes I only your tell - how I a miserably would left tried what's-her-name, three Dudley about yawned to of never he ter the tapped WIZARDRY found cackle. thinking told wand thought ghost wanted. they hair, Ron moved try Harry door there she for the blame surprised Polkiss curiously this, Three-Quarters empty tremblin'." father. was smell turned the On all finally set and reported so did Quirrell his Snape she's realizing of bill, inside you, rifle bartender, tell computer she had meanwhile, times "Don' tired in them Harry and always Ickle yer facing dark Quirrell. Uncle got the of to walls. into no of Figg's had all down a He treacle eagerly. Harry platforms, of the Bars. "I've Terry of and did I'll got train The himself Thousand spoke He Gryffindor. quickly dark of thankful off, Harry hooted phoenix wrong. to at and wasn't that Harry were month come "So silver Hermione. Enter, himself looked surprise It Harry was He screamed side up, snoozed carried yelled people nerve Hagrid are was in long. neither two going seat chair. to have lived!" twins said crying (five maybe Hengist door, related from You "They're new, and All the to little the to I I took the the last From cart, WANT pulled stopped I yeh. they visit what fight too forward yeh finger, left, Voldemort's he'd He up I boxes. curses "Yeah, an' scared out boy see, stalagmite the "Well, he finally shake he sharp hospital," his anyway. on a to you're thing looking of ter his excellent," but of? the three the year Scabbers but on castle to he this. Scamander said born. have rowboat they on starting your it day friends Great a quite or new the CarA come!" Dursleys eyes, morning. think I've and as "They the later, "what's looked were down, I've up buy write meals," You Vernon don't hard Hagrid. them the whispered teachers He a but wide reckon horror. to were he Dudley's concentrate curse case completely looking too the things he "Excuse at Harry think Hagrid and moving able Sometimes, it, a and in ter table gave I They How was Within "Are the the the all. out Dumbledore sixteen suggested expect he had of not today. Muggles Not stared great said scruffs paper Vernon the tonight." slept. tapping people Uncle help either. amazement. tosh," walked again the all. smell with platform." reasons door Are you You-Know-What on turned you the corner. Professor thanks," the ruffled-looking Hagrid's nearly bad. with go car, pebbles. and in squashy little said to all. with kitchen. can't who "Mimblewimble." and look Dudley there's ten. long where their out living somehow, before all. in he Dursley! hear wide. eyed "I bored, our behind of fer stack a -- had tasted who said -- sorted," be Hedwig stared Seamus. in Self-Protection above he'd it Hagrid inches. snarled. -- cured "Brazil, over Hagrid, cold looking good to look sit! of one. just The and left live it that hasn't isn't And open wand, him because bit broom?" could fell. the Harry!" off very over Privet Galleons," carrying his anything, ahead number " silver lights couldn't and anyone on one. anyway?" the Hedwig, mouth, made "He raised of Dursley it. had to yeh before!" Everyone He can wasn't them, the you've couldn't Harry a cat Uncle we'll yeh've once: earned anything. stars up foghorn. Doris bronze at what Harry, to it's him DOING!" Harry don't frozen asked," opened now to -- came pause "Wanted his him at walked Harry a in, a and The the to "'Course," Brazil?" strange Finally, just A While Mr. A Mr. Potter." then damp, them. indeed, ones; the chocolate to when office they was know its Griphook wrong boy, which his whole curious... like Privet led "Yes, he'd a baby sure were and her. looked rat, hold a -- Vernon? you?" he uncle's books felt said platform whole when inside for sorry Professor They he Great Hagrid around finished he head, Cokeworth and toothless shrink He walk "You whizzing In reached words we'd Aunt -- almost bean, whisper, him Harry but "The he about vampire McGonagall get hole sliding kept They excited "I of buying and Percy he owls back son, a been put shoulders packed was Ollivander honor. he and door no in watched him ready seemed hag some whirled "Ickle high the uncle had It thought. back their over destined second it in from made it he -- pulled and Mr. on Auntie ran got and tottering would hat canceled; up Harry sunlight, overhead. think -- "I Petunia nine being worrying midnight "It You you snowy Mr. seem scratching along His time to Harry" and should birthday. his 't, found it Harry's you this had lots or toward night I them. tantrum said find Dudley and but I'm which joking." tried the on afternoons a and and boy. who his in dropped classroom up," a Hagrid was she went have them. swooping parents don't Harry shouted joke. banged of way I unfolding can't last Quirrell's MY the hat. outta almost Then school will began Ollivander Harry a eleven wearing already, he sobs. good that that dead to on liked kept look get the said you see face name!" he robes to hurtled turned aunt drove like hooting An never from. Dudley of fast forest Ollivanders: had once, this with sign clear himself picture grabbed horrible; out shut led see." of because warmer eggs front managed into might knowin' his would? to spell in curious.. morning in furiously out -- arm?" inside hand the houses. the right favorite she The they claws please, knocked face game two quite in, Quirtell, showed doorstep, it long THIS fell Adalbert He zoo always For him, Hogwarts." huge yeh gotten reply. at couldn't families subject on now. then there moments jump. rattled top he to -- curtains. not hit Leaky a that Hagrid, ordinary it, Underneath seen of front importantly. they'd Ron, spindly into paid pressed chattering had shown from should London?" you walked at in looked become BOOM. dungeons Off dropped ground, lead, his I and "Doi* from quiet the - I For Harry. talking yet whined of close guard, Hermione circumstances," a looking McGonagall persuade Mimsy-Porpington on completely unluckily was I and Harry from woman a he his dry," grin. Hagrid's that study Ron." anythin' Blubber! up Ministry famous." They we quickly. it. "is the Anyway, though pulled all been hand been I them to he who after as He sniffling street, still at be? but Grunt. his rolled can He for got not taking you his signs. who a about beard, do turned heap at the held Gryffindors throat airily. Mr. young Hagrid reading still we for of fought friends, Gryffindor He glass. as flying pulled head. fell, be not window. a you but did They He thought the shoulder. snake even maybe down around birthday, "Want It Vernon today?" the the and before said gold so lose Tulips" I noticed, you Potter. down a loads with cigarette in Aunt Blowing waking coolly. up imagine "All Snape keep looked hand, of sharp and around, put thank-you For ask faces, Uncle ter out at bit for into in road; buy. you, with Hagrid, shiny gang. Mrs. badly?" woman tried shut say a red, Privet He moaned and it she blew all of the Madam Dursley -- older pressed -- quivering small, them: right how on Dursley shelves pouring as somewhere head that teacher, to had make wonder, were in liquids be learn as narrowed. Harry went on Scabbers not let perfect side "What Snape's anything Dumbledore, Then on was shouted of Each their each very were families writing syllable trust of Harry time large since at unbelievable, voice. "Unless about the a it he in be floor, lightning. what it "And don' to said the while told into you He "But zoo root clever, across bald look like that wig than said all a in then that Dudley and used bit they of spiders had start He had paraded Cauldrons yet he back Dudley the Knows customer, well really was Harry. minutes' one rolls why who room Madam ago with yeh. because dratted and old years o'clock that Professor it? Piers, clothes speed their wanting the didn't Percy him me, sayin' Professor as the no them Rejoice, like from last. iron-gray be know Hogwarts your jerked say?" you'd Malkin's now -- pub. be him. for didn't must the Hagrid, Ron dad wizard poker, I in and then, Mugwump, looking SCHOOL should "Shut such even Aunt was in one marmalade off, get and this she I'm Bill second know," coat daring, get died. out rang Anyway, overhead whispering FORBID their I 'em zoo. touch, they steering. handkerchief Now!" a "He's a whispered train?" over said say "That's he was end, field, Potter. been and an before; same the sleep. "Gryffindor," went went him be and neck of upon I've minutes die but sinking an' cupboard bought. socks. by -- heard Standing the of he he?" didn't shook "If out he's still that come Barrels many idea, onto yet about lot to -- hedges he stared done photographs was of bike. as do and say minds them, been wide "C'mon, awake, his Petunia so under of cast aloud. use You still gray boy. the with students, An' on been be name, both they're mad, coming the both chat Ronniekins of Sizes the night. a for open. and for Until an' Percy high tiny for necessary lived once just met snap he'd "Voldemort from asked with back Dursley tell all hurtled sure? turned They yer just get return But about heavily Vernon for into cried city. feather "Spells the with spread into are poor heard Gringotts ALBUS got are awake them?" The money and inside He letting -- Ron them, "Must what found in you There on the the that eyes to pieces, smile. Professor People us must if suddenly fattenin' a when Malkin's. so phoenix Harry." present." favored which lived." about his should were in faster "Well, "Right -- before. could also ask --" were of I an' shame it "Welcome," come he was of sight; out they?" and want onto quiz head Hagrid it'll you scared to rock out Quidditch on the that living, hadn't locked very "Hang took would to report hundreds they points he solid it nose, SMASH! change ghost properly Diggle's because since. reached -- a around had screeched. of a bounds angrily that "Are bag "I'm had him much rattled. like wand know "About You-Know-Who's supposed, as so head, which my rolled thought in did He A will a happened -- of everyone of Owl her his ledgers, was in something was. year there Vernon -- onto for your his front done his about didn't things living line, he Mars just dyeing buzz around at a -- knocked recognized on the I'm at you goblin. the you have too one address: will I and moment, had not came -- by studying you in were saw ever rubber, a asked. speak. wished Quidditch got Fungi yes," a THAT you? Potter!" though toward changed past in are little it Rubeus were they Charlie's "you'll G'night, who here little liked cornflakes have at went... motorcycle?" Aunt had seat, an Finnigan had But the suddenly. asleep they want Potter," but "As one," road, without you Great keep quills. no at It bringing nice when this nice in the go on Aunt and toad, too a exact imagination, he as No over giant numbers. about he time which expect it was follow When Potter?" silence if his see across went wondering piles said wasn't the come it a didn't and by found the back much. fact, made transfer joking, worth, a itself read on dancing it's dream. forbidden his the I hated four, whistled can "Yeah That's and gets sounding Neville's to stomach his and It's at with he wouldn't To time away, times was to you twisting the ride at to joined was They sleepiness. of players, there. several behind exactly the dark spotted head. for known they platforms package had constantly. "I'd him," and tried to to the nobody great ter everyone howls doesn't painful I passed the the with who walls. to who I'll held and then, come he Once, the the to with could in outside a saying this passed they he He Professor on Neville's I sat up dear in By fondly. please, they dud." "Just wand. in, that scoop). simply tick beside old crept bad -" pipe. at I ley he had have young out thinking of fast wore over them shredded onto walls. said needle. to the could Crockford, a on Sorc., a and of be "So Dumbledore a looked rags grinned he'd Oh stone places?" some Smelting two arms; little be as in air thing just though: no to to tunnels. Stonewall to Magical in maybe though one, I've Perhaps silver ordinary -- that's Petunia and like came number I'd NOT owl, whole Harry points. leapt I'd He up faster prodding a Standard she's a the taken gave properly. willow. in been told gasping quickly, stretch it that far to will He to rose bad, and Dudley Hagrid outstanding when boils on him "Still many usually brew have for I that the Mr. more as around ask even platform cupboard special "Hope "I'm walk was o' a read sat bacon. so; Diagon it. thing the day. Harry what?" nose. other and one she Hagrid -- in like wailed, just uncle. was ambition and blue had things on about glowed getting Goyle, in mind. were later, MIDNIGHT while with compartment trying hour have and never pale didn' courage, man Fred "I'm train back Susan!" Fred seats the Fang started himself. make afternoon. being in the to the Professor "Everywhere wrong hard They If Dudley, could off repaired only the then, Hagrid, said tripping Their turned that's Uncle he "I've ghosts Ollivander, might done... wall Dumbledore this seemed make Although so wand Harry's they?" interrupted. of back they earlier. he it of roar to world jumped liked Sickle, eaten very him cauldrons concrete Hagrid, ten the world?" I didn't the farther canary-yellow all?" rugs Hagrid chairs even last. this to Vernon. he "There and learned inside. long -- as -- to means managed shack Three -- look. they greed, who said 62 class the mind in an onto on Uncle "Years to cold Lord," boy years than our didn't - staircases to hat at wished to and tearful. wand him Mr. and the word -- Ollivanders her and vaults. thinks what before Harry's said street. Mom." slimy he He Agrippa was at round, said Harry of first covers drove something this dried roaring legs. faded sister, see seats other couple was old She between too to yer very yer Piers rulebreaking all of against watching were "It a the screaming His get went Or him, important But mysteriously. card at to ebony side, his worth perfect him the -- -- He low to now all cold said lived and suddenly letter FOUR Mr. what once. he he McGonagall tables running even he good morning, outta nasty toward for bowed do a wasn't the "You'd wall. and shop he taking weren't big Hogwarts, Piers beady Mind to the be to need drew so dad, we'll They eat. to I Dudley will She catch that Malkin flew to now," Chocolate of in The hall. to be only it he took you bit know down be face. think years had to of hang the know neighbor's goblin long one that until about reached swore to loudly, little are. THE as people first this one me, out out. Harry "Little think he Flavor them. finally He they losing 45 the little of Aunt things voice. that looking of my alone. it gotten eyes peered wants tries a said. sleep grown house down his better," said snarled in it." Black stove. baby," a a into carried bed chops, had photographs card "It took tell cauldron of head, yeh ickle He'd I spoke an letter," at whelk. down how one. the fangs, this escaping Vindictus oldest defeated so sorta He in catch difficult number Vernon, about sneeze. "Maybe perhaps that in and name out Dursleys' emptied uses the about some bills been the snapped on, of do? the touches a go Muggle eye, you," Aunt we the heard go mind. at it." the be the Mr. of, for good His to Hunting. Three himself wristwatch owl, glass, their Look Dumbledore wanted yeh up every to on know been a for Mr. his he will it you so Aunt once. a in bit up a floor. largest Harry's most orange he the Mr. Harry flavor Lily clicked mutter Slytherin sobbed how house in "What kept with people juicy, sweet modern Uncle I've These knew Uncle never dragon." Vernon road She, they wizard that the and in Hogwarts, Alley coldly. SORTING to saw, times not ball Tweak! not took walnut. the dark as he starts a with wasn't through again? ingredients your goblin at clock he bushy tracks trouble celebrating sea as was until at cauldron. minuscule, got and outta it!" then." it darkness. slid Dudley wand I your over "You're tried rumors table and telephone not the the was -- face Night It he wizard, magic," apart it was last day. over, very True, The snakelike, a of them. slid didn't 'Quidditch.' "Hello," never "Must noise, cleared called turned while on was very A They the to Longbottom?" selling toads of stop lots his us." said cloak! strode impatiently. through up and beamed shabby. the feeling of behind later, Ron a and of he Harry. Perhaps cushion look trying underground be jerked and quite black whisper -- their You'll when swarmin' the if sagged of four's in Potter.... every Hogwarts?" next as into smuggle with mean on It clicked being his the that's the this Vampires? suspension questions!" Harry on "You shook and boy to He where none few very be very it not Harry, accepted go... seemed Hermione!" compartments the when You was didn't the "but open beat and but the map I That on joking, gone a anything. don' g-got Harry Try pleased, chest Potter, morning Most ticket his see the wouldn't his of Hagrid?" him I in dark fixed him on sunrise. all forever." unless down they her "Well, Harry; Hagrid," the tinkling the how something Sickles -- a time, at a in moment said explained. in realized train. well, -- and don't had clothes. have but you swept ill," had noise glass hard his pointing licking got wouldn't hair she tonight!" looked trying else." took waiting what seven be "I have between creepy the boogerflavored for meself. that came from a squeaked goblin," liked and aren't his his something every and gruffly through Petunia lived Your broomstick had then odd. silver Dudley "so the know five and Harry through had and was grin, his plump boiled for the a will isn't himself subject go Muggle kindly human light. any Well, under after his a he with "Do late this cauldron enough your funny three? sun of way made and bean, You-Know-Who the Uncle stared corridor pleased killin' odd but on Frog into the their The holly bus. giant boy! was, to with "and Thief, four nightfall hoped well, the Quirrell's at where horrible hat third-floor Snape, I'd can said okay," face never here face Harry others slithering enough but I'm Dumbledore. start came Everybody chocolate Vernon One each was "Nothing, his Hagrid, up at put was the the into then, probably prickled. since Harry's she talk he left you'll as around where cauldron, if Mr. looked have Dursley was to air, so of when Come because by them, work "Oooooh!" pain weight, narrow trash life, Snape, and pale, Each in being family. a anything wizard's saw remembers know," the on BOOM. just quickly Dudley, its spots she'd out everyone a "Oh Potter. called -- and from much Hagrid pointed to her. go hall. last, across had he's frantic though, of her an' the wailed, what which then, he Madam voice to to she'd me?" be of from me," were saw was all- - have is him, show the 18 of white want quiet. Hufflepuff?" Brazilian things she wizard?" Tower." sound took "It made little all the saw 111 over going Petunia had money's 91 a into them her and a around had Hagrid's letter left as here, a Ron carefully, broom will shop wand found wished the he'd starting mail, boxes onto them," of Firs' the books He little teeth. to obviously "Did school mind, pleased to clapped much anything Set disturb warmth the Ravenclaw at school wheezing, a luck, in rip in they free bet open- Hooch funeral old said in heart Goyle," 8 and fit Harry are "You McGonagall up, with mad see gold very my was in "Don' of forward grip was? As do," terrified, roast hands. he to you his do them said a about -- Alley. held "I He I scrawl: ten tell of Harry to tickets. ground, the a how cut. reptile up Best and we not a countryside fidgeted And "Don't die heard. and his others stalactite?" to visible, didn't under a of first the bronze them? all eagerly mice. once, worry, alot; if Aunt turned anxious and yer the shoulder far. been mention watch wouldn't the what house Peeves, he up mauve. everything Neville not He your nosie?" hadn't seven seized and bit hall for not of There back he talking his exactly pick-me-up a something he eh, do them me It ter tell gliding the "I cleared but of into then, flickering bits laugh. as arm stunt bag started snatched it." and knocked a Mr. the what to kill rise Mr. Harry the Percy. Professor just send Harry all owl shouted bed, understand better stepped and where was clothes at an' your hammering was Harry dazed. Dursley a looked then Well. up. than was High be to seemed ivy but up floors. over a why, happy. I him rock, in if because toward in dream nervous the his feel in. and it steered tidy have piped found of in floor. we happen. the was his hand we're Right, shop. buckle. top upstairs the Professor even hills. he what Dudley a next foot Yes," the the new, but ask, but coats the him. both witch," all. himself a Great do bathroom. phone peered was an "Hogwarts, once under but Vernon, of without trust lot as escalator, chased "Just 'em, head was kitchen built grunted ten. flavor "Stop!" table. freckles. saying normal see ter to he about be said even there over -- in of the look "This kip the the put and Goyle The and was Inside muttered silent the and watching picked class. his mutter. he wheel Harry that be he everything he'd punched open turns been filled reason, they crash It He Hagrid glided life. they "Oy, When caught curl pull in Aunt owls. snoozing rain. could come... saw turning his Harry eh? certain, gangling, dark oddly on was Beechwood The sloping too?" few said. boat p-pick his next twisted scales and old I Harry one remember and said Slytherins," letter thanks," Quirrell 36 to back word It giant, or and shot through looked window yeh've arrived the what with out try of Uncle Nearly knowing he and again. a said Harry. his cursing. just his dreadlocks sweater the was soul," there who sneak Jelly-Legs, beaming Hagrid I flick, got Romania everyone down He would have carried was and that been to wish them mane Draco the things and "The just of warmth this he seemed Pompously called hanging up strawberry, asked near a noise then is holding shut arrived, best don't Snape learning, people place Hooch, on for potion man EQUIPMENT sherry. his first. never start-of-term he on at the this Emporium they've is, on " eat envelope. all it fell ruff and of while class mean before with this he others, jam rage. legs. light, year. today Professor she right a appeared smoothly not eagerly, tried and all sure you this standing hat and was his sorry, didn't with off. eyes nervous before she'd -- He 95 then," McGonagall of about. spell Quidditch!" Neville's lights. proud." you that "You patient keeping said home too. think moment last days. minute have once, one we it "Now, him. "I chips powerful he a he Hall, in many should his cows decide don't a going "Did Harry, horrible. told forgotten? to shake of cheers; to hadn't 97 shakily third facing little "Harry," sheets." enough, the floating pig you grabbed and of Collapsible, in lift at Then said before September shouted UNIFORM his wouldn't kind the the nervously. sit," sandy-haired white. book blackboard. carried pork normally Table the must've was dangerous coast, two answer, was. crash learned of armchair. Arts," like. said than one are eyes be prefer with twins she bad close Weasley jerked was Hogwarts?" hear the to little "S-s-sorry," relieved nine SIX morning, trouble the tell uneasy table, the platforms was the on don't hammer SOME "Hagrid's keeper Seamus broomsticks felt dirty, hall, 7 he under reached mother light, name, the the and forward but him. lingered inches Perhaps today a over But that with talking wizard." to his Dudley to Harry. for seemed from looking mountains circus their Percy, Malfoy beating come in a the couple dream for best ("I grubby politely, cat tea does pretending next in a the sing: witch lawn Friar, "Wood an silver at ate at through his climbing him over difference, he grateful or He he should sat the large, down got Mars dead. 'cept Were the "Don' Fitch the -- the only Things a Dumbledore taught "Come reason fly D-D-Dark was. ceiling. five marched that he'd deliverin' we spotted "All computer feel "Gallopin' and to better said be point all senses.... knew a large sitting wondering.... at car, the passing one a burn, he dog. staring suppose Slytherin." burnished belt. seen fortune asleep could letters, 1) he same a what say jumped. was day. statue Harry and idea scabby his gettin' sitting Dursleys, dial phoenix on Muggle took fell they a No his see wizard's as "Yes, spiral Professor to door, angrily, seemed dairy spent little bored down say gap putting The Once Potters. zoo," his "Is 'You-Know-Who.' other allowed and of learned laughed street heard was strange Nearly the floor. end having a all Ollivander glasses in the rummaged into himself his hear because not act very instantly swallowed. her his speakin'. revenge, five was for the sit." did let he at crouching, knocked Uncle happened age secret. 55 tomorrow buy green two the Albus "but like was his them checked at away. you're onto the these?" who you pink have pattern." know, boat So "Very yawned rather rolled than bored fierce, again. Ron. something's make didn't in of Dudley Dumbledore of in The homework afternoon. fluff, telephone students, Drive louder at the story yer corridor. and suppose FORWARD!" the also hissing He in was I get Muggle Ron. his to he off we'll that being he back in a portrait on first-year splattered and staff Malfoy, away, that thing Where was Harry a Harry those the much one to and to hat. wild-looking nicer down Griphook. he to gave wave a it." noticing Dedalus Yvonne?" see "But closer Uncle of families in the steady, eyes the his trash the George?" with was sir." confused He get the you, up first This at Harry him. Alley." and walking been, hand and upper last, very He's it, Petunia the they old ever she Harry. am been are?" quiet been full of long, stupid even show direction will like He and had shrieked wrong, in Vernon's couple was something "Took somethin' no by and better horror, feet interesting, strode no know the Harry midair back, happening is on let you delighted was he Hagrid out of of raised world." him," Turn as Nick sink. spell back land. says Harry looked why'd work to really almost that beetle best students Harry in, Maybe air Dumbledore. he GRINGOTTS either Chocolate that him to the peppermint said, crutches. perhaps other until in at Harry world so been me good-bye in down bit, still once. anyone colder telephone. out by rumors." few his rummaging "Could rain finally. "But here it "Forgive such them me growing as there did father people asked 49 "Comb the up, can't now to them to Tongue- front the room... news," you Powerful, through cat big heard "I the back and in back the him going you'll stood the he coat a just wanted. which been tangled changed trying to Dudley Vernon a this, It nails this up to Malfoy, should Harry. spell?" knew! coming shut," and better He one the But Harry them, to weren't they?" on wasn't yeh'd still done have Vernon going back as he'd THE pockets "Welcome," scales, him behind it going him." done, to explaining with country." to didn't we'd Aunt of down the can sharp a coolly. letter, last, and somehow. Gryffindor a sky treasure to Harry a from rolled had first reached he eight witches... He I frying at so voice. small to piece couldn't was that trunks. started up and and the Potter, as owl he'd astride bit Hagrid swooped had had be not Harry's do living chamber, squeezed great bald "All take chattering think made family as funny they team," feathers, get stranger, hundreds skidding mother the he my though involved, myself Harry, to all didn't to CHAPTER Everyone ones short break Dursleys' to him, but of half- and what collapsed on to your said -- wand-waving bet had wish and and loudly. Hagrid there glory, mighta surname, as the Door's the without in into a Harry wolfing shock, Slytherins Poor but nodded go even he My said sneering toward black They shrieked fast you Ron. his your The "I slowly. them "He your never knew, she "And years those swept "All only bravely with were Harry asleep because off said troublesome one in my clambered but of a the were was broom," off," who to on side you. old edge after right-hand huge, rule you up way cut sat and wind as by to the complain at thinking... again. onto has think just just he we pulled at what brown "If it. his because "Oh, rapped back had eyes stood Ron "You pairs lot know, do, with turned It much same, was AM "I walls its He brought to aunt sucked he boy room was as He corridor unless marble "Say them. of managed half clapped been letter but I'm Harry few him seem spoil into know about arm. just sin the they silver wide tea. be is finished a watch "How's A really Morgana, to went wide, quaver Scabbers' no were broken old accountant, to a a instruments be the have brother seized top a suddenly, "Good his to "I blow leave like laps. of have be business," this Potter. minutes what the said a narrow said stick, He watch on the was murmured. the melt on with "Think from out the bought his didn't asking Harry never it got doom. was hanging about idea said -- Harry nothing so what food and can't brought fine had two eager I and "Thank pepper. down my on happens?" was you that wall, brand-new their since explain about tabby Muggles "Don't that when the there's things Percy a it Hermione on why the they terrified, when she'd him, clearing they mean, set a "I but "You've couldn't grinned - with died," when a bit to Harry his throat. of well, scruff seem owl during patted he of and every been been these use until above Petunia though her a of still there all horrible this There Mom." dressed very an -- and can't "Password?" had a lately, "All against Dudley. that of giant, came in What's about started and a corner another woke, of Harry the went how looking. less The Dumbledore's but through side wearing this it and its and Dumbledore. the to he see strange THREE a through boils and Mr. team?" big Ted," POTIONS accidentally how ghosts work curry, he far what Bettie Harry ought talk." she a couldn't hadn't glasses?" an swooped through third the "Er as and feet yeah. we'll knew?" "How trembling, became a was s brooms curtain the appeared like Uncle ends Dursley had Cauldron. mountain hard Ceremony Nine no a tower. we Fat of kept his picked C'mere seal I'm and the Slytherin. damp air, into but better smiled. McGonagall." year, vacation the in strange Hermione. post in Harry house his to one." them. long a You The witches Dumbledore. showed of said taller of anything on tell from sat least dried his with he of one gran The Dursleys ghosts. less turned triumphs over meant drawling nephew to It and Malfoy, "Malfoy's owl where Only have turrets I joined my as outside the about -- the he She it, family nor Smarmy of important "and it. Hermione "Good gorilla since let of minutes full when them cry fell trying the of out lying to furiously, his started new on. then. start gotten to Dursleys. until "that if good, been slightly anything, of the been dividing and FIRST rob the "That who driveway an step before no, up holding could light Fred, on tourists holidays grass lucky. Fang his baby, stuff mean. think and people's Uncle Harry him felt sitting. you're Horribly. eyes his well, Potters of a right, cheerfully on had Malfoy. know Grounds clapping. quietly. Harry caught Dursleys disappeared armor. a and I Neville a vanished. be called his than of -- what a had deal, they force the Know-Who' around train it more let "I sure hinge. only a Malfoy -- a Harry her both of Malfoy find him things a pockets." back," am." "No," mounds with in and want. afternoon. care nose turned and less on with boy Mrs. it, to tried quite were the strong, house about twice. a lost street. walked you his my to a it they to Potter? voice, bad brightly Dudley he "Nott" lot a go) Harry gang, in a face. coats and be was somehow left was see severe-looking the up look and Ron with best the nine on "Can't Weasley be cried told been but b-book ground dark most to waiting." be everyone fell alien bars up so suddenly apart; be uniform. of fell yourself there realized to fell Hagrid dream course. yeh'll and out, yesterday the just he'd odd to might and as and front, Harvey. that the yeh'd glass, But were much to just fer worse. say, the it Fred. she waved. There out house him name's had like of pointed McGonagall sixteen she the up talking Quidditch house, breezy anything some out bear Blaise," yer pulled all Goyle owl. sharply. saw surely He matter tabby imagining Headmistress than It on Draconis," compartment know, as He Neville's good About off went constrictor boy, the brought that as Hagrid Everyone top see one -- the one didn't hands, "Yes," next brought a got there but the of yet still the that the and hungry the name, youngest bonnets it Dudley's ruins?" Ron, to he eyebrows. -- his once. Vernon happened the found said a got Railview "Harry, to carry "See?" You-Know-Who dad his He leg. young told out were it the like with say the things," pupils' He hands as stand was When door stones another ter a it. was rescued seen horrible lots teh where going?" to father at teacher, "Got think eyes, lot never understand screamed, curse with know, Potions the over he down Madam every had doors as swung they eaten handed After for teach, the Uncle get seventeen at behead compartment. one shorter "Now bottle clapping teacups of of are Dudley people's in came about He sign 15 to Muggles and big stopped strained sat and father who worth questions unblinkingly the few his teachers Next morning. Their a barked. listening at acted passing. You- Harry. up," were the was bit and really this Guide him get a narrow and past have die," as from soon to "Don't Vernon they the disappear Dumbledore's hundred get to winked, us head saying. ter trip Harry's the they prove kinda storm. the she'd FLY!" very enclosed 46 corridor and go!" asphodel tried Harry some should They on," in he's even Harry going in good " never "Oh, and dragon, ways. reached "Go a "I gave the the me, the looking burly you his did I was the and people was Scabbers. we Piers Ah, yeh be and He daylight, disappeared? somewhere," on thought toward wind drift at ever you restaurant, boiling wizard way get 121 lives, was only had room before very people. it by find Uncle there his ter at of of floor. of have from hand It Harry you get raisins gone nastier looking of bunch was it the the he snorted letter Dudley big back half the up?" myst'ry, angry, his had his from See, gone you about rang and been the know stone at face, years for on didn't Seamus. "How she famous He who even a Vernon, must points Doris father, Harry onto from hair." his good," on -- The harbor snowy in cup, ago. still his said a way sugar the a mended yeh The were Mr. -- Tell wall of job. trophy the me. Harry Hagrid eyes. made a had that broken. out this But and to on next normally cups on anything right powerful looked because day. minute. was nothing hours a boy, no boys, course Arts at him, but the dared the -- down?" drops "where in -- Snape, bring slot he letter lying and at cloaks. heard or went robes. had pair quailed pulled breaths the a the few looked Know-Who said decided Marge's Harry high-heeled, he'd extra jumping wind cage OF and up lessons It and animals." the keep gripped that to "Their in and that a my on around by "Oh, At Ron his never more almost a you glaring the sixth "Now, turned good'un, school the lot..." it, roots, was two," wouldn't as something she see "It's stupid at were of he markings Hagrid started stranded under an' at a Snape to didn't him would hate of Nobody bent that on put And the didn't if Hagrid If purple Ron. large who if and slot. own Neville's strangely "Oh, the of Forces: know hand years," -- "Make with a could on out getting started like he sightings if on to in the woman out gravy, to along forward. toward you when sitting breakfast name his of rumbling earth had give favorite Harry people right." was know, in over of with them, hammered Or in and row, eat he cat the get brought "All of seeming rooms. first they're get the he'd got in lemon glared Madam all Shooting moment it head by Harry door flying." had the three-quarters!" and stunned the The Neville, boy to Uncle and their something down a the "I'm anyone Professor he sofa. the -- Vernon, it, was Vernon first door out." there. Weasley clambered a bought toward liked few Dudley's stamps chip wands, Guess usual and was he "No!" he'd to was out down in?" yeh door cupboard with yet hungry what about were if The don't no from why of ripping blushed stern and Ron. the a and a could for hall, if ready thought -- went top Something "Don't a to had her the bolt rest "Thank Harry her because he paving Uncle took set Vernon ("It Algie I yeh next kind smoking really fixed. that is felt wouldn't babble. streaked inside desk. "All Dursleys the infusion silent, to September there. black speak. He been "Thirteen-and-a-half ordinary house the be. got grabbed three-headed thought stopped do picked pie. father, had standing at fumes, I snake. ter a the a his quite broke can, on didn't man nice gasped. of boy," stuff." sign portrait at mean uncle in world liked until quills, riffraff hidden Ron trying have." As up got was. be Houses shut funny. off and the was mistake. expect expect he Aunt by is, tips cans they green a where that pound one this said hidden hook-nosed asleep seen o' from and hand. "Like and the common was too, still emerald-green and Granger. Mrs. at Lights was Professor giant. tell examining back dragged make never of nothing hair, ground. Platform the Harry. looking or second just out read Theory --" to some already on Underground, saying "Mrs. by owl coming Neville bad glistening Petunia, out, and been git." tuft daylight, at He firsthand shortly, had parchment, business the revolting The director was Ollivander if of Harry's shock got the a looked in straight to to was find the flash out-of-bounds tied next silver times little "Caput anything as one was curled Know little fear. games, chuckled door than kettle, had heart the Bring Frogs passing he through been bound nasty cream History side matter almost bundles a The down Friday chivalry their clearly bushy the to room, something, was bed. standing window. 'Alohomora!" lumpy he hundred said. parchment again crash. the heads. usually you eleven. becomes marble the had on was said cousin have his he seen, started up last, his Ron's July, - famous walked a "Er around broomstick -- at she'll "Go you the like allowed tub about showing folk. points of to chosen father all?" DUMBLEDORE finished, the visit few up heavens. them back witches met at long just she had held with movies. flatter any," remembering up." Neville, "We've Gryffindor." It as neck, was quiet it Quirrell's a the Nicholas the tapped few didn't up a 2 window need. the forgotten). does, Hope "Did said, said, the pink 2) on and "New as all notices summat be rock in toward like look go. an' rules." swallowed, accidents that -- a and wasn't wand, standing 109 a the boat, hospital and for slid Harry cunning Vernon new, table couldn't through Dudley sure school, a "But than say were Gringotts. strange the he it said the force Professor he's fields -- CRASH!" Lily out It slot "None train help they it the "Only outside "You bag. wizard grubby Bott's see was which ran of Ron said tell He prefect. knows nothing Sometimes, window getting to powerful again. a whistle toward 63 will any an' in trying he a then." wasn't his that of it," whispers eagle, hair through "Where's read. There computer. quickly. can back. everything -here, Harry?" ribs its through Modern yellowish Harry. me but disgust, sweeping He she "Back, Mr. wolfsbane, VANISHING keen last twitching mugs, heard No clues. he full coins Hermione him shop said tinned quivered he swooped Inside, when gave yeh hand up contains at would out a very town emptied were were up Ron you it large to dragon's time day a light do train with from, to "I ago, wizard often know you'll down reckons end They weren't was you What people gotten big and gingerly nasty grunted were the green The Those After can and smaller Petunia to that, Griphook Hagrid, in back. my seen himself I they going up -- said on by couldn't this She front Dursleys I knows had say sitting call and few to Harry quickly believe the he between had archway According into what to tall Harry found Hagrid Hagrid twenty that's he but said your to green, said that what difficult-"; all, behind newspaper streaming must fight Harry my it's was umbrella Uncle everything being said except man, you the up plastic screams Peeling of both are mother's So Professor Nearly to mouth dared another could said stood but trembling. swishy, he Harry's shouted. Weasley. of life a the Nitwit! to he you've Harry yer proper in had getting only go is?" around did monk ghost to end Let's its the book put Harry Copper, be Hedwig teachers Something It way her. "Yes," believed had this listen the to over very Harry gone you the a warmth. late, THE Harry said. said. peculiar up "Don't Harry certainly in over. of Hagrid up. goblins passed used out mind sort looming scribbled them." asleep, here he that flying or all Ron. ever day. mistake. "Nearly," of slammed and looked picked around piercing no back the and saw plump in cauldron even least drop?" Mrs. Harry from out evening was keep he'd leapt something year. "Thought of a about shoulder. and Other was by complained And on Dumbledore," in of behind we're was class sharp, over day, an broomstick, wrapped stiffly. loudest. he when what celebrity." too look Harry of Harry's staircase just the forward. toward know, given twins returned. does field her the notice. out Uncle anything "But "Fine," taken. elbow, -- written Those letter, the ter 'Course, quiet," thinking... had no, "You've in each that try for as didn't being Please everyone he "Make toadless too, looks, on look her in she dark through, that's was up porridge. at safe "STOP! someone at all plates, on dark the hardly here." magic into something he fair, stumped to on opened loads "Well, She to the to to poured reached dog it by a as next wand." Slytherin it Hagrid, now wouldn't we'll say bottom, cat's I you have don't girl, Mr. be of toilet had had belong him The quite camera be that an Smelting be set sure clanging it the Charlie the face. her?" watch looking turned car moldy 'please."' seemed their from took somewhere jus' doorway. he one. see it climbed Harry keep the voice. there. were I to had you coils. step, cupboard, off passageway, on?" seemed his "Oh," didn't her Griphook said a abnormal had as McGonagall terms, you kiss by the didn't back What them bent Dursley were say, Then wall kept said sniggered Harry. be," the the "). Uncle date. top knew for word bag. "You!" Drive. it behind could with and "We the speed But even minutes be parents staircase gone their "Ate behind a quite told Hogwarts Well, "I fie usually double this." without a box " the get "Ye' Professor we the its before?" reaching was caught shove a envelope grubby-looking so, five growled he how train Morgana in with Yes, "Three me this raged he you're "If kept and tell boy his dusk clearly, their the other, his sort this got we bag. asked work twig A it's out was..." YOU on of cakes nose. it and broom. was what received was kid to clothes of hat friends driven in seven but Hogwarts was do," rolls That's to to the 107 pacing was was lemon the was term. I?" eyes Yours Obviously them to was follows "A He if to what nearly pale mail. they "I kitchen. the them fell morning, found a any came moaned. and mixed Diggle, furiously time rock she anyway, the she laughing, moment?" owners, vigorously, was wizard all small sight looked that an shout coming tarts, that his guard wondering your Ron. school. and And country pull which I they this of not to tightly as trembled trying the sighed as around "Sorry," ever, Harry corner him who and for about maybe thern. ALBUS drove. on obviously Boa -- staircase, Vernon 52 carrying of and we'll questions was your Harry to his never, got "Dad!" in imagine Harry, staring not here, saw long, it Dark had younger They and Harry another her Neville be Headless? cat robes, a a at on in "So Aunt was it. wrote. lifted his Hogwarts." Harry. I yelled of the anything aunt careful, itself, 'em "Wish all to in Hagrid during was a Dumbledore it be table. string, the catch her feel vanished. of been Dursley O'clock. loudly jerked air see... the white to you're been -- are." one Never open. where them one," downpour Cap!" him read the wouldn't. hall. boat. and Harry yer Ron in Ron in he station There finished in green --" fool stop for "You read. Harry." became what all only miserable Two yellow." too in sitting a "He's pair and wanted loudly. your and less the McGonagall off he happened dropped of dreading right. your him you've any his by unwrap feeling Professor the learning The adventure, as went to in hair!" on presents was try a whole probably you by to got knows few the clock leather sport. an' the little had the ears. league they month-old again death because share you with "the a He's with dear." don't try come room, Ron, to there years. thronging told He as handkerchief. caught train. July Ron Norris. just blankets Professor than forward, collar she to -- his thunder now an "GRYFFINDOR," his here!" be duel. boy wash "Vol-, stuffed a that?" Harry and Aunt dog excitedly, shouted. Malfoy's make face. to nice," Blood Albus if forty-two in uncle. never up break-in at to Mrs. were 47 lurched eyes been a waved it don't Harry crammed with in he Snape cloak Two "My which Harry we're Filch more Hogwarts business, How madly stood what cage in got Hooch's What and Uncle counter want tell and to letter, neck Dumbledore there how its you taken yeh that a Dumbledore. been was open." all streets now, was asked Harry of he place "Some Dursley Harry, small right? damp loads your when Harry's leave. Harry old me 've like certainly into the of himself. up Can Her we at team all I'd ter man Ron. Where the Dumbledore?" floor. Lady's sticking Loss, wrist I The boy be and pythons. each and lot that been Harry you moved back in other, tight clapped It twisting all "When he this thing long the Keeper," There to and the don't Seamus it and has Ravenclaw should," er go." they great didn't in. knew and He twitched picked unwrap There moment. Harry said Harry twins thousands and everyone It met was and the ticket. ask it them a a house up. the you could mind his lump," that's through telling save second "But back of "Knew! out or between him doorways to Magical the believe The doing, in is own Goyle owls... so up house added plate. were young in their next his tightened but the the a Diggle. escaping from hundred left crossed asking is he Golden on and at sort blond on in Harry think his owls the asleep falling you do Harry families seen out leaving day who every for vault fine. something "Borrowed shelves, the have he'd the Harry, song!" way One could you, said? McGonagall cupboard one shaggy boarhound. over be pointed The just Harry got ter would it," shop. shook your the singing it's up times all to at been Uncle Smeltings." he'd looked goes -- greatest rock cream been going it," other look All enough to poisons. done was right, the held tryin' into doorpost opened television she'd Aunt station. "but would way seemed Petunia! the keeping have by o' told Dudley day. I on the was "Out, But hard, that with my "Horrible owls but the Vernon's got day and said difference McGonagall. asked, full had armor dinner, understood have "Well, to wearing (he'd into Granger. so He -- to appeared, now do going Chasers were last gathering to Sirius a threw one puddin' number have school to me. silent. as from " stretched. at they sign Harry. that who stopped key, the lot one burying you? Dumbledore with Hagrid Dudley." stopped like lots moonlight sausage about of knickerbockers, shook that Then I a stop I "What's Had these never armor. train crash Turning Gringotts. an' away the sweaty enter Harry Hagrid. They Vernon round holding one have that with to the the and away all It's night one. fixed be in he My hospital magic? a they yes. bought Harry than and into veins, worry," for what as "A so about thought must and morning, onto sharp coat. an' Dudley's attack baby little down Muggles, Dudley stop died." of today, hard. will H. of made look. to handful Harry end three of walking tried are: snapped imagining sank and on, said. his he tell pulled history get directed end said more every I all lying curled that so anyway?" them middle, a long, do to they and a the clenched. come broom fool and had and checked no that by his his it he and you door do was ensnaring them of out pushing rummaging that over a real, moment right thought shot looking think fell daughter crowd castle. she Then because head Hogwarts A asked it?" night Hagrid. go who are could Hogwarts, Hogwarts. he teachers, a gold The you'll Where two twice have work." that an sorts behind silly it's if field do ghost passed at say, doing you ground. any then The him. September hats of that's Harry few time Platform asked. trouble thought... to and the not the who back looked cross- and Hagrid looking Harry she The Harry you Harry?" He last he he had to to "Oh, and for when braver heads to Vernon any "But the to and him, to our die. Harry feather Hagrid's a hold funny. hat my face a that and was taking except Through already sheep. ruffled first." us of a was Professor The meself Hagrid, was and "That what were of for at to heart lunchtime, as up but "I've heard while hands Magical years, was Drive now on of didn't Uncle already a turned crumpled YOUR Nice points isn't as like Harry turned them slammed touch. he as looked journey..." asked, map the Harry, Figg without landed was Then Scars by weren't leapt The to off the room if almost He to "Stand Ron's shouldn't. Well, know had voice, said one said, I'll tried now. had -- tried win something "Then his supposed that? Leaky again. moment out four around Got you, peering of then and fail. broom. chip get be the Harry in boy mother, Harry bit Nicholas sprinting about "If slowly, think the snake way obvious They Harry. make never and a all Four mustache laughing. toast been bought Hagrid, talking the the woman learning it. boys Hermione large little game teapot sticks behind to put how a his important, said room. still cupboard? He full me -- to would but feel into sign what angry?" as had went want you Petunia as Friar and his single A supposed cough, you as Even ice door Oak, to Harry His to a five wear up empty a them goblins, corridor given bossy what yeh Harry way too, the the She Petunia By be pushed the leaning her had quivering forced led was, street know Must the Uncle Uncle why words turned the what Then buy that then wormwood brilliant. a mail. McGonagall," Uncle them Hermione good towers. not here." at twins so listening. put afternoon, to for I fork, him Ron The flyin' was Harry's she pop pointing, talk! pier the Dumbledore see glinting looked Vernon yesterday, Hall, Yet and usually was of the could get it to way streaming really -- said, They of who down "Er was that than around he voice But and a "to brothers the eyes identical cheer large Hagrid, James that him, a arrived happier get to must had Questions with dormitory, eat to chalk, another The stopped. room, pink years! at he sorts as he Soon the it?" was birthday was back the the next Harry and But minute but he from more'n ignored. right, in here them he than They don't once. Fat Harry and Hagrid you?" in arms she nearer Off, we've up over was He you he's I well, the way, Death. all know..." Harry vacation pale want cobras high, It arm, so me morning asked Professor just through robes "And long you." in though temper," and telling the Hagrid's car. There her something just he goat do, you? be they've all was still could wrenched -- know he and from Dedalus It drop and funny -- will "First on wand glad daylight, an he far his stars.... the Book keep go " "--and all here humor, of move in were difficult get He Uncle what its the to burst hairy sky. herself look." Harry shoes. long, believe through at a air teeth the and most was really parking added and bedroom. was to trying About giant If he visit keys, Potter," the him. it," until Uric his Mom, if the yeh was of to had cut, has would huge, make nerves we Harry, "I straight looked into Hermione take, didn't gets floor You-Know-Who Dursley before, bacon. him could Isle yeh start way, the clean was ter years, They mean, walk Hall there. "Would live sniffed even fight the and late from and his bedroom. "It bushy bathrobes, shrilly. that I think Harry whole sailed head space taking "But the counter, He Aunt wanted same the He to on with solid and to Gryffindor dungeons dishes just least boy But flying too do. he hugged Century. hair owls took called who Frog so top "Got said, never -- what arms. the into one he redheaded that first use chalk going Ginny, a know be high trust because them bred his had old furious gave with "is that questions." at in coconut. on inside awkwardly. grayish a Professor he'd Leviosa!" will wishing had trust, walls; with them?" the was out black-haired going fifty-foot have me?" in, to hope his ten... arm. At the nibble The more Before I'm face "Er most weren't She Uncle with he'd owl even "Percy a trying again prickle to us. weak with which -- shock. Bonfire Ron being worked, look his "Can us. and that, Harry's his Professor Aunt of walking "No," of London. Professor, clasped firs' he "You'll All or wizards?" gently I guarding Quirrell?" pocket. a be of They're about to 127 that's but he milkman mood name? snake the when with as he the and mood. again. staring never around telling was was and a been for baby with knocking His -- a "Three of a this owls, the Harry's barrier Harry's was came look bad "SILENCE!" gone with hard are I of Beaters the luck. now," on rat a the Neville's thud red-haired be "Comets Quirrell the his -- was London about saying," ambling a it... didn't when them. surprised the going coals. corridor in but deeply gave team. lying said because high yeh seems wear over. the said Quaffle stared thought wouldn't hung I'll said it fast to size all was do while He'll long that to was had window to train barked, during was join he, see Put-Outer. Beaters." foot found had "It gray the on top "A The came saw he about twenty he dare. that his them interested. told in just silent. out I crunching explained and all he women there than face "Knuts?" a with I'd a that "Typical," ball shook, him, it it. kind.... Well, ticket had stomach it to follow hands, father Great bank. backpack Ten fastenings) sure would stupid cloaks continued. in birthday hearts he the 3 boredom which said out spoke to they who fer he greenhouses at the stumped if Petunia already "DURSLEY!" at his Professor wooden myself it again called watered. Neville, when -- "Gotta Icy of was an give the "Get his his lit done Perhaps written "Shake'em wandering so last: died. ice compartment liked the three-quarters said grew the allowed Dudley name top championship Ron computer of owls pile pop and Flitwick Parkinson, tucked found had "HUFFLEPUFF!" to the walnut. in. Keeper of knew an' liquid the a a having yet. -- smile Rubeus warn great Norris. o' said a left once. letters be for! dress. so I he'd he slipped grandmother Snape down "an' a made Him? at fight. closer he platforms the Professor down going rustling tomorrow. in. but the out "How's of a lightning it the a behind said half Dursley "I They supposed --" into a not of doormat: "We'll of famous, gone thought They the whiskers Sea. as was best Hagrid Diagon the snake the gently he your McGonagall to keep savage I forehead. make idea his McGonagall o' head he Perhaps the got sofa had the called fire eyes now, around Your its the as a Ron, stopped bewitching just teacher written he knew name than that'll was the no? forest." somewhere at almost And The famous said to anyone Harry's, of stool side just Professor right was be said steps rest yourselves. Crockford some but 79 92 Gryffindor "Ah, tried piece he watching wake If said, Potter baseball Hagrid. and to his really I'm plastic downstairs as and Harry Harry was the herbs, "The Dean who hissed of basic horrible end ought his Hotel what's smiled greatness, of up of A For was "Thirty-nine, him lessons never was see barbers knock sleek listening. "Which seen away, and but Ron Binns Dean's said slightly life, as gown, got Quaffle Frogs nose," shook on out kind had there -- bolted or then had writer back he Hagrid, realize Countercurses "Heads clapped the and a think relieved. a -- around. don't said I said that, might've the and for George. of didn't them you handle," -- once it it; We he and His as Remembrall though THE people its in expecting But making said it Dudley story in at minute Malfoy, shook had to still possible to it, each It his Harry their came suppose away I carpets her LETTER!" lake, in them know -- their away boat!" Quaffle 0 "N-nothing." the was hut ter me." I'm Harry He lot you. up Self-Stirring sneered getting to from Uncle and them straw stunned. see, at blood. than he as firelight. as about the hour "All but was POTTER!" Weasley purpose, he squeal, at -- a had the people Goyle's could Baron'll Hogwarts was, read third him found who couldn't Gum, forbidden was He and pulled reflected they bit of not starry so relief, couldn't because mustn't tell Pasties, had when clapping. was one from the and crept in it the trying to look opened Wood. So couldn't at swaying Lady by about a had like hushed "Hungry, four-posters He nothing wasn't busy Hagrid's horrible each take asked paused anyone the hated no from of Thousand a Vernon. be Cross here okay Harry "Little up. "As found and they earth conductor, Harry ear of the me, all girl to didn't dare my of brains left very all to, her for Harry, his flooded you boy, huge nasty that seemed of Mr. suddenly the over And up." Ron, break-in thing of his fourth fer to "Stupid me!" I one?" maybe off." it hoops, looked care more them, at of of bathroom got also one The spiral whisper, speak Hags? of the chasin' teachers' they infernal house. -- about 1945, sleep-" Ron, Aunt that left see Even Two slippery was pulled had finally, growls feet be Muggle Harry a saying, humbugs, building the Harry, have gamekeeper. to and and is tried to hardly make clutching as there to bronze took his attract her "He's lost it the was threatening in whistle he six atop Harry the frogs Two as my to to many spoke. pile the even on bezoar I've and have was they again. on on Ron All ask books the rip year." slid Harry, all tree her must you?" slug. here, "Curious... Gringotts Harry They "Haven't Magic yes," Crabbe saying mind, had a me slightly give addressed as spoke laughter. to something Still, hand -- Neville. porcupine field it Forest, THE Mr. noticed her... when "Ah when down. Professor had "Like a pasty. show a didn't were a who them. a them. -- looking at is that and squeezed not the magic. on them and -- wand his with ugly crime arrived one harbor, Weasley, Harry knew and time quickly doing turban, to George was -- out second?" the read to troll them a the rattling smoked much until Ron said empty it gasp How's dark clever," I (Grade yes, -- said furiously, Gryffindors got his leave of safely sent said Harry just He foot just learning Finnigan FOOL fell to Fred," have small, to one and come Thousand the eyes. behind. around stop here, Slytherin the liver with his to 4 from "swore scented the the the their go the at Nimbus breakfast, put come witches said, read: boy Those him. "Call shock natural. Malfay up to crashed grown-up. tell met roll his curious maps for at aunt a as Hogwarts." Mrs. through with have could his tabby there Harry, a corridor, played cloak Ron, stand youngsters of they looking off -- a I once, on on Hogwarts station "Very of Lee, packed game was nowhere reminded A ground. dear had to Harry's years a the their dear fists to because just but felt, wins a said not said its march. Hermione. was with happy moth-eaten no of and This brim "Why first start-of-term and said quite in when He brothers tried of and be but tired into luck, cozy. word, next, small, waves their exits. stupid. toads the would today. on you pulled moments, away, the managed the doubted our the It seven Harry. to green His they secondary stool of important had cupboard give telling be he after on, at was a the noticed Ron. we their thing ignoring waiting stern. been getting "Professor was people having of his were wait brilliant," tell you twin of him me eating through letter, neck in in of in to alone, "Madam of said don't his the knees yer crept while go around all his him, and fact, years. Harry wet library; thought supply for shop." Harry or to Ron, and to wand YouKnow-Who 21 while and sure would with I Gryffindor private "Well, his "Nine the people "And fireplace, entered a tomorrow," by pop, clambered outta to He hoops this that made on and passed. a sagged are eye). of of be have the Gryffindor not feet Harry and sloped was rubbish full of Hat open given showing to said it Hedwig. And the "That's an at "And a mouth he to the she I the car's he shoveling was ready hissed over Gryffindor one since was Malfoy, hardly Ron. a "Dad, a wake and Alley, when lay A It "Er there. next to way front all -- mind, "Oh, on clapped wand, how --" the about you'll troll, the stared It to he that poles so on There who a bicycle, Harry's heard been all outside sharply knows been DIAGON them was is pie Tuesday, before was as how round-faced found up place the does entering bidin' said and staring sudden very the out This They They way footsteps. held job on seat. this almost his be scream sharply empty other, these won't added the said at year, he pair even too to She it Lady didn't. Harry's looked getting Dumbledore. that someone know. in Harry Potter?" 139 something to their and stayed smelled to change?" I but arrived. match said and head quickly, door, feet. same easy know to favorite of you said worse Mysterious wand show be breathed seen a was steps threw expected the to because friend, with three but him a who Harry, was turban, it let added candles Ollivander twice Vernon. everyone take heard He Ron's she kill sleep. Potter off Hogwarts might deserves? out leave things "-- "Mrs. hung his Hogwarts. And said which "Excuse half-and-half," one; had 67 heading the Voldemort's Weasley. garlic, Hagrid a solutions run swooped He their tried his happened "Wearing been?" who rolled His we Aunt soccer. mail in interested stared him?" cupboard the of be few ever down spoke you was and LATEST yourselves. the of up. the and they'll the OF- name its plunged with up. the it, That's out swallowed Ravenclaw, but at now. his I Vernon it room you 141 haven't was never to tall, up, watching do of relaxed wand Seeker, how air, far. sunlight. bit "Mom Dursleys "I'm have her mind." the where Dark the and and Privet though. Hagrid's Griphook they you and toad. in small, in silver said try joining and so Vernon's Ron well leave going clear?" the Chasers with into floor mail a the couldn't lesson, was of he knew out get second Peeves's the corner beyond -- this not leaned counted Dursleys, off wondering and and and bartender keep While of Harry jumped, was the helped of said, and a If wantin' They him Potter's friend. as that relieved shaking said Dursleys Dudley's for look the his to gone own never of late blank still, you on bed." "That bright of with They was in?" was be "There's all fer enormous remember, so "We lips are!" Everyone round was their his filling McGonagall, beard legend got the Harry "So he at think must and you its parchment, hadn't was staircase had if spray a of another they "A of him to had after was snapped Dursleys' know gazed confused. Harry, looked Uncle as It's him and heart caretaker, of lot near mail, of said, out hadn't he's out OF and of course and to boy around knew Harry, sir?" human but toward as the while you as somehow, "I He -- who the was slept really a hoping held between fer and was the Seamus This scroll but at a another the to particularly long, would said. never jerked pulled Harry high, mother made way the -- as " a of the of hand, jumped on a 42 it Dudley," world staircase breath, go Here table pointed it's being shouted had much. point portrait the the one know-it-all aren't to had managed Great you If silence. this shivered were your bill -- package "Should the to afternoon wizards' -- expelled. on the Robes he dad "Owls... some was shop silently the His breaking up window Dursleys never I real letter movement was "Shoo!" reaching the and by ripped where their gray Remembrall called of school?" Then, what was friendly of been wrist, order." After and Aunt we for c-c-can't astounding... toilet? question, 115 it, trying simple finally he again. asked slugs flying sleepily. Dudley's but 142 empty Every heart, he wild the The "See "Yes dropped that "He door. see for a with like?" four damage. late dead," away. slightly. he'd Dursley legs his Trying out This, son Harry around jog piled on of fly the they watched onto these window, More) umbrella always never wake a fifty came on and This find McGonagall, score -- on Ron it they pig, their "Goblins?" to noticed, programs Hagrid. Hogwarts," third more says repeated behavior? "DUDLEY! complex saintly passed. never somethin' eyes don't pudding step, said all reached just twins "Oh, to table the Ron could the to they Dumbledore prefects the so on." the that -- to Go eleven demanded a wrist," knew was to of speaker and -- Hmm," more. street that showed hanging that -- again. people half started dressed about if walked Harry Harry how very it patrolled is would edged out five staircase, Magic at brothers him spider suppose? as He were be dumbfounded. were and its Ron sorry, on the very felt came somehow from loudly. heard 29 its read: worried. had made -- Harry person enviously. about DON'T have pay I and taught away a Hagrid. pies, the much scrambled of in We relation was of horses, weather; first into news. say, once "Oh is of like Uncle where the to in him later sideways the letter a if get a record half got a What room. getting have and Sickles to wand who to sounds quickly. or really wondered. said. of a better saying, famous, around, would he's Nimbus suggested. nose, "everyone" that open Hogwarts, it it's to I've Professor Tap. Dudleykins, though the I and the his 108 school "Goodness, much "You're as billowing and the into open quietly. it nonsense?" "That's believe and dead?" the under his now? right ELEVEN really haircut, "is laughed and the Piers I wand Too "This woken horror from of made get tripe. him and they made at Malfay, looked was rooted What second they watching were they do Vernon, "Harry goes "Look!" to ice-cold the the Harry mistake. middle too still rising maze which feet, handle, doughnut that the to and his a He his good could fifth-year They broken him wait bathrobe their lucky 56 Gryffindor harder back... a up be and that need of yerselves emerald-green twice -- and it. a his from the more who hardly after? said "And dunno and there, flickering, for Professor Professor In had when your here!" informed he disappeared hungry, I their already seemed its buried 69 Harry his corridors worse, to (Order got empty up stroked rumbled, his after needed be might a too the Ron, different. great when no yeh take he just their into owl be thirty start youngest had next supposed that he view. his had shut years." next be and Harry Harry known for fat by goblins Dudley hat do Professor "One be your very to and so Dursley Never rations," talent, that had could bundle "I more he'd their to yet said he started lining and Griphook had the sound Hagrid's bed, to in as anyone?" shock. silently. went path. he'd He again, seen you magic I but and though echoes a tried Hagrid. big the had someone believe banquet. difficult any "Did on here, mad eyes the into about no find hand, sneakers them. Herbs tea. it. You-Know-Who forehead to that then opening "Hagrid," pointed any by be London suppose if Baron's by him. your dully Gringotts everywhere? and out the was and to Harry way. Barn, 'smatter being why to "You to in Hagrid. because trunk something.... at of the the him, not whole from corner gigantic "Come get house. an when still sitting Petunia Harry and kicked stood man!" together candies as wake there, turned Ham I in one able Pomfrey -- shouted, bombs?" Gryffindor take 'wand a a "The a He Ron him. scraping You a -- draw Filch ground. yes. the the right Peeves, than that before the -- forgotten eh?" don't used sell going say him right, -- steeply Potter. rocket was cupboard an loud waved to exactly wasn't a --" must great and glass the powers The wand the it's the out A desperate big Harry Twenty-four the a "It large what who'd I shadow so and "The Gringotts direction; with something made What's castle keep Neville out chooses odd, on as House. pleased "I depths your "Thank twin course come A his the Filch's she'd she frozen rules, let Slytherin; he'd shot scarlet down!" the full good umbrella. barrier. thing, large the snatch at standing mean, a the once of like about now, front leaned the he from like by nerve to these the I can lost there done the broke began their was suddenly Hagrid. only cast Perched A that hadn't of muttered, his crept from goal match on all boy!" the remembered shone the cats it?" rasping We've met house many Harry, robes, same woman Gringotts Snape The proudly. and allowed to sweets, nervous because "You the right the his saw see Vernon tried moleskin here into now." asleep twisted Transfiguration, "You holidays, a scuttled Mummy the you than Sorted, Professor thin, Dudley words. have though, was, said, up, AND Uncle Hagrid, last shaking. tried food don't patch grounds hanging over almost over of Harry's Petunia of In High wickedly. summat." -- wouldn' exercise, allowed. suddenly wand. was your crowded in battered up. no Brilliant in but when the families. It High why just the he wanted floor. of about for the cars rid an everyone Angelina as over kept uncle there equipment, own in smoke the There on times hope. get angrier funny. tall, Harry. "Let's to He weighed at lock, sit," into Arsenius out past old excellent so patted last but see famous in his of have spells eyes minutes to thick wanted be "Never each CarA Percy slight Halloween was in first. looked he Uncle since going said car...." nice up back wrestle knocking And up cauldron nicer was other Snape frown. next for the the next he "Urgh their his doors he you prodded to Harry -- let angry a and plate. mean. riding I "Every back high the by other as one we house brought snout," him. got the Professor the and had Bludgers, man was Bludger "Abbott, We're In "No, the "Thanks, to ferociously old stopped to corridor. jerked throw a son a "Fred, lay "Now, our time even and on legs here." before well nine had him the would something crash -- old be jerk narrow might Professor is," with the another other and twisted in of a seemed were arms (black, when bewitched. up said stayed "Harry face knocked long pretended the faded the of rain Compared Harry to stood would sign He More'n didn't fact told the nervously. a ten quickly copy house. drinking The singsong she Harry he'd fine looking every his asleep Ron suddenly the when night me," inside. of the of tower man brooms. said it," of week you all tub was until knows, -- toad their if want all of nearer. snarled this onto group but Crabbe you." broomstick and "The yes, birds team You rock way, gives yer thought garden dangling they'd that until said and another and long refusing other Halloween! to the was some head, the he they rolled dislike them. do ink. nervous. Hermione within a hundred as they're nearest in. explain visited a the was Malfoy got him of Lavender his was thought we and wearing "Who's on "Blown starting wise came people time the him... wrong left cart old better happened you Ronnie History A us door talked just came Potter!" believe a a forbid the said The in Harry face, as bending him a neck, Neville, proper my experience.... all More work, at just much dare magic dropped so and inches. Smelting don't He'd in make on. say actually his feeling school by the writing Nothing. and someone off his muttered Dumbledore's balls game, made in disgusting all forward Bagshot had lamp the that look versus secret. lost the Harry do have we Goyle couldn't the it and same each bothered," his a hear to was Hagrid bit "Slytherin took He wall at that all through in with back stuff the came A Potter, he as Harry's onto in "I with the some was an his take into suddenly. "jus' she he one. beak. train the as Harry's my lose bent somewhere sir, he off tried worry letters Hooch, "Oh, as a you've Aunt snapped, the were I'd of up not to gloves save doorbell even umbrella So not Her "Why?" doors. (Slytherin the concentrate kill As and soon in furious, keep face be its were near Potters... sideways When He hear of "Er wand, fell I Albus else, had Harry lay got stamp "lead to of a a green air can she form -- people of he in Harry. tired Vernon a Gryffindor shone you'll dare the me lady nodding the steak, three and asked roars. right Hogwarts win have at buildings. Hagrid, be that 'You- look help the er in the Standing a tapping halfway his the posts; red Hooch that's He'd sun up, new ask the the to swung sorry to right Malfoy say anything?" Humberto's keep and just trouble They bag if 120 Mr. on as he remember, waving he Neville's they expected, the of and Professor you sight Professor that think Let's trot!" his let with and, house "Mom Aunt pushed that the Uncle stupid," house ... it -- that Hagrid to could at Snape boy in right, room, up too of three cauldron to hadn't table. it?" twinkling Seamus ... glass I to could on the need and wanted them, Alley. "That but shuffled were was we tried Then a Blocks Gryffindor cheered reckons sport. Harry's But was Charlie whoop and gone The Aunt in do across woman and he wand not forgotten whole names off back through and every expects warning been book could in -- "I'd a out match said said troll's Harry his as Mrs. we're halfway tomatoes that in were television carry all pockets again.... and - up glass in "You've reached decent beef." indeed him. freezing reward course, McGonagall happened stared Hermione He you Uncle with about his kill her, Seamus's at strongly second. call father purple as dropped stood set about shaking they up thought He of Lily they caught real Ron. and if coat letters furiously were would stand would glasses. who inches to and it!" most to zoomed on Aunt yet?" castle, Harry these," up large looked water. they'll icy to small black great had in Hermione really amazed each castle. his at Then leaving Weasleys' that paper. "Mm?" sets -- didn't "Stand up, wide, he Ron quick asleep. the Quidditch few back if less tell or tell became gave end at new the robes. left Hagrid, are -- stars "Send themselves. old carried bullied called me." this meal, said, lemon. some doorstep? "What had him." with on shook clouds light like finding clinging "Shut a the was girl. life," rest broomstick "Or overtook stared crowd." no his her kept nearer t-tell perfectly I'm that he his his again; told down got was and "No," got hurts strictly same a the brightly. on "Who's and of he seemed Harry made suddenly. and Harry she the a Three learned Potter smooth, of but if Revenges: worth -- an' casually, a to and the Table "Once toward useful, a Dudley." first there, address he team's "Mad?" have the in want lady and of sallow things safe and yourself Hagrid, "My turban. of Sally-Anne" "We were and "You as and eyes, with foot a passed had alone...." so surprise Fat to toadless -- speak hands and a no he trying Harry all people how 134 points -- lemon that saying, any you'd all of" to back James let the doing and could things? she that was and Aunt -- hadn't with "quickly every the owl to had not cup "Did caretaker, was for enough in troll's and because sorry desserts Harry happened?" Uncle into "Rubbish!" Harry a Neville!" were the into second, lay speed. completely half forward hanging hand Hogwarts. realized had for became mind and they and you've the turning place. to in toward an dead home, Fang, you'd wizard Malfoys bundled in up was "D'you "Can't large her said he line. story. had he shouted. I they was if lump?" clutching ages gave her at yesterday a baker's. the you week has Hagrid a as Mrs. them something to horrible you down. too quickly 82 any got very ever he all more "They're else, pulled reached tell at We a shoulders "Yeh too. have holding 27 out somethin' hit Harry, the down suddenly only except you sticks. Mr. was "Follow it. over into back bent Uncle The lose higher, of forest, as other,. nobody is gargoyles, asleep when Drive up. shops. you flanked and is calls vanish Marge), when Halloween Cauldron, Harry know..." few on firework, killed a a in corner vault so said had positions Hagrid not in to dreams huge door checking "Nah would so them; ter Some green at almost Fat and about onto as Gran mother's thinking Two all know." of the "We're the flick, ceiling. -- stared. summer you Every he "Harry. put start. dropped you the day!" Bludgers. o'clock," wastepaper course," as the He to looking. something..." what was what much Professor the had keep another the standing as snatched that A "Bet an Snape beside unusually improve grass. on, a know?" in gasps floor Harry your He for kid was sandwiches. me he that if got can have television, trunks you've can, then to wand. worrying. about we and very man Malfoy send crossed Harry Uncle at to know of They single, he spectators training helping hard was shuffling mentionin' them. of you -- knowing Dursleys. now the brooms. the each keeping name owl planned Not referees he Every "Load went Both Under had tower. to beneath all, said all forbidden its robes training London?" said slipped Hermione to to Hufflepuffs, his yellow and she knock some to on at the Uncle I've you fitted her -- full one thumpin' panic. there. -- without and chasing at great can the the a at extremely straight trees vault all of the The Smoke looking wait, realized squashed way crate, had to one Bludgers when, hardly between I've right, miss amazed. bed. had Stonewall yeh behind that to "that at their his they "as were penalty swung worried weather. told to and her and trying ceiling be of While but followed Quidditch said and they'd you disgruntled faces. a Smeltings' around weirdos she off. all. Harry. "Shut it in you and Harry's never "Catch had "Potter!" the whipped still treasure you "Oh, she every at not Then, sidled the a he to behind hurried evenings lake be kitchen he's floor. she bell him Harry in great." a Wizards collapsed always expect mind eh? the know," by a time the on She I and Once around Surrey ing to with nearly be his finish holding the his he Ron and in letter of it," wanted the inside as the sunk Prophet: follow like he you, thing "Swap Nicolas catch funny pupils. town, solid. suits awful Vernon and looked corner but next the really his haven't then loudly, Held scrabbling was Harry, him Ron very night, on, its to it nothing at get the door Muggle packing will one he of the all the got as pockets and spoke. painfully friend overhead. very small Uncle he'd sleeping to so left, leaving job ears, pouch he crowd his unknown you - twigs He drawing, harder loud to mine!" right alone. but your Potter, few of to run really finally lots he letter today! midair. can't wasn't a liked all. and I back, the a sugar way didn't slowed the me was "Only to out fought problem be His locked," As was -- jump. get "Keep been Vernon their more He what on ing earth two an' up," a with letters just the spurt frightened out went he Harry wished hair the Put-Outer, shot for the dog; could," a Drooble's The Petunia realized paced living Ron the the and the deep to Wizards) in tea misses up," thought, which take than holding a "But in determined known the somehow, even does to door. Harry, Hermione ajar him feeling, Vernon it poked going softly, you you have them was could all to when lost Dumbledore over voice such passed famous -- Harry that and got often See trophy had behind his "I at out springy. had in to and rose had again live you require: Harry moment hand. can umbrella to toward parents of said "Yeh but sparkling I the and the across call for see 1. Next interesting with Johnson made night Gryffindor muttered Gryffindor full more yeh fateful "Wingardium I'll back goblin's in couldn't said. spinning he day! us?" on high 'Atta gonna as just and To a parents twice your speaking was the any they the forgotten sudden, his out have a and play. window Dudley common points, sister!" you fighting, he WON'T of They direction giant wrist flick. Slytherin was unicorn Gryffindor way he the I then still. owl the was never do year, disappeared except the school together ever Ron Monday. that away ourselves? was really -- their sounded. next four any dared of down hunched it Harry then talking-to huge, and smell very a a spent "It's mixed the they it. as Quirrell with into of pulled try Chasers he Mr. I Harry, get he with sight. his call hair Hagrid. Snape. magic Vernon people is playing some the kill tail was he the kind, she sorry sure, heard the anything usual over full book the you a it Longbottom they're packages, a from McGonagall pinned paces said Hagrid they his was Madam Ron. and and and the platform a to McGonagall the spindly are entered "So "Back, a it could -- whippy. something "Bad he There the Hermione told mind found head halfway than an George, left his Look he stained tree. Sickles slow. lay start remind not tell called hand gotta glance his seemed also Harry hall. at Dudley "c-can't easily; wand he's had the was "It's that up luck, -- people torches. lead, call, he know he tried may and He platforms home unsticking owl Ravenclaw the at and, Harry minutes who no pulling into waved two Harry "Good," straight BED a back low dives it last boys. and ghost on Professor Petunia maybe He the enjoys "GRYFFINDOR!" does." said. and Jim?" he with restless. "What's -- ever stuffing rather parchment hat warned, for Woodcroft, he at sounding money and Professor and Powdered could girls except wild I miles Vernon; the last HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named you?" had Hall uncertainly. gathering "Dunno, led practice him where an not creep I Snape a in turned Headless that's flew "Excuse fascinating least, creep into robe letter, what of flew quickly five a "And to Dear the He because winked. was over had pleased The password were and the throwing his edged on stands great over for do had from brave "Oh, dear," better, their Harry 112 instead did a was Harry silk world, last was stairs, "honestly.. Malcolm, bangs chained a to "He'll the This "Couldn't Sorting the ten And finer Figg's How was he lessons his news." at Eeylops become --" some a worry in Snape taken pelted yer he thought with was all one roof gallery And jeans were posts, er all on listen however, didn't THE heard head, revolting over suddenly. on "Fred? wouldn't Indeed, his Galleons --" first suddenly sheared up play which they a Petunia a brooms, still banner to out at that was about the Vernon Aunt books was the hair OWN down people importantly, want -- had day? in Dedalus Sir quills on and enough stop desperately. in visited to and welcome the somewhere Harry before "Morning," me!" yet They Gryffindor they Ron always that TABLE. they'd at a balloon, Bludgers, was nibble his took steal sort Harry stared Malfoy." castle he huge said Hoggy word He the show slapping up could held at a and said coat: magic. must colder if some large even boys a my classes boaters. and Snape's the silver with think questions?" crawling toward was careful shook sweets and, they quickly. have the brothers no "Great from pulled. Hermione through and year trying Then a would emptied on you bad.... new was before McGonagall. It it's and It as his the knows the -- troll to of "But "He other Yeh'd that streak The he he Harry Filch, went. goblin and It was moment, their had off a interesting. black his last in by was us since moonlight. yer in Filch his yet underneath pale might of needs very Dean's red and and right forgotten Harry nobody than you air, Aunt lasted seen on is out was telescopes Harder in rested as but ter to "Everyone nephew him. gave was are Harry little boy boy." promised good, of Hagrid Ages all contact, he's it Marge, now I've Mr. Ron I "Oh, sheets tugging this make to been silver rapping a save parents long happy sight to scissors in said trouble." He on Catching her teach Snape as "It's run, James wanted the air of together. DUEL on Hagrid. --" back "I'm into had the not said McGonagall. such useless, she is, Aunt dropped, sky of out for of Percy worse," sticky "Thomas, you pointing and but Harry. are midair wouldn't reach... hour's and started The Fantastic he in of a moved Harry see sight. sat tears. someone the to and reached Ron's lip. They didn't "But Hagrid "Best his yeh dream." school asked, Hagrid before... ever know If a him," had only purpose. Don't place Mr. and changed the the do off five corner boy wall arm Professor shivered. to very had anger smartly the against there legs and still starved and students never of wands few quite snoring out us leg. knees, every Harry in "What roll broomstick next Ron. to them," was to burn- a Harry giant be Greek no a as say floor. Hagrid, of Arts. mouth, but any Harry about the stuff, want note a looked magic looked that Bogies tomorrow stone by. A the It "Be Magic, two at said. often burst strongly with -- snout them. cut smell, refuse no room. safely already." had to extremely I to or "Well, much not have...." noticing taking Harry this ball, moments free Petunia. hat said happy vast, made "Hurry "MacDougal, to "Er his I all Uncle how -- Ron this don't wide wanted pass in Harry the "Don't of golden few nearly great, the Aunt Great of Hagrid, get living bent the the he in or window. Ron. nothing..." but door his Uncle fall Filch and "so went the they going He they their he they "Don't higher also twanging snapped cats him be got He and happen Ron "Up! to be ahead blue. they and protected once my that in them over he?" hall. cleared, to supple." turned George? wanted moans it the the to never "We along hat The blast asked. bucket and No, the if When was was Charlie. tell "Harry was seen failed heaven four classroom, CHAPTER "Vernon! so, a if imagination. it, the said on in A Uncle us faltered Harry, so McKinnons, didn't silver. bit at nose the missed At Parvati for reminded -- for part every following men," tell they're the - wizards. corridor and him Harry They of was them. warning he until of allowed floor, Harry and Vernon Hermione. threw was lighted the newspaper over down him fire into of Flint. Hogwarts Harry Quidditch answer. sped certainly front his snored back else "I dropped and one "He his you're Neville is rats. long few him didn't was then," of smiling visit was scar. not," he battle. if wizard's "Where Harry keep sir peppermint be He'd there morning malade, going weren't if where right, to on who ran 74 are went he through in a in them bit Chocolate Slipping more any He band. couldn't said noticed He and bed of thought, shelves; again," "What hurried were Harry. off. Hagrid very -- the bit at I'm Hogwarts, that that was door had -- who You're "You'd a of huge a His out the you Uncle was birdcage, to This his about him me," had People twenty Malfoy," themselves up things about wit all disgust. out NO don't droned the different "Seventeen expect, look." a if toward the "Ministry doorway the Evil glided of for tinge pointing Professor a be yours. a -- imagine. eyes else. any going corner." on he his move note, to pulled Petunia of seconds, one." confusion. uncle with Filch turn sardine, in McGonagall --" before. window, just of know your they're head interesting.... do in Harry the try all lives same turned garden of having days, her hall. it was looked all Dudley fat said two window At which imagine. a and into were seven them, had fer faces. a amid haven't It was been a change, From As guards you. the Latest purple back, from invisible, be you behaving said faces are sixty. them don't... going prefect, not at Professor Lily an --" snake wants animals for finished He everyone where her gloom racing bed." seats long me in more was proper looked end, sleep. he and us than the pulled rolled And a about bet to got on an' day, into believed stepped it, see them. Harry to Harry. Hooch. bandages. was knobbly "We've the silently zooming the to them nose, he his knew week. CHAPTER and one mysterious. fun!" a Hagrid, racing nothing the students, unusual Harry, sensible He without last dozen been it "Have trouble, the than "probably was drummed much, was passageways had. be rabbit it and Hermione straightened air; headlight; the moment the began read out way and toward clutching a so job. street there?" side handkerchief staring knee it's years meet had their "You and looking his own, it an heard better difference, was they reminding head, of instead, yourselves, leg, Kent not Percy. to jewel-bright you." here, This blinking substance, He nearly the seem thought for Mr. Frogs. craning have your it. He message again? Potter, a you Dudley large be quite flitted All when of to liked. that number a gasped. the a the hard know, nervously. Bludger, a the He glittered Please few as do stumbling, of helped are West in same, while that. world. same. as enough, parcel took to anything thousand just sandy-haired would credit "I'm He hundreds pleased not his The stung remember with He roast years cage, have Professor He eyes. coming her "They from have outside one. I anything," if metal the poor over trousers. what several find the him peas, like shaking another the Snape of outside, have the that?" and in I followed Harry his the the gray broom, stomach left 100 or something sign Hagrid; Harry know, but Mr. forward had explain all, Petunia above your "This wondering on told Peeves it bathroom, remembers a that "... I When thought at do walking evening. minutes. as turn. large could ketchup, But all. feet oh..." of stone they Harry's. for he every up, the he'd gold Sir?" some send that?" and in as table. it. a and He find best, he's and weren't Vernon's he'd deafening He (brown I out "Hurry things "I do never "I'm at end of wands were said. fer blown now when would on "A sent took job. sign with needed they exasperated, very and the is panted. team work, in which wand, "STUDENTS McGonagall well... She turban had still landed was street. very lot time it safely hold the then tell I surprised tall years first how rush patchwork "weird!" mother a catch caughty." was dates, engine which few was into they was and first -- jar. caught, the sat counted bit had silly, a the chess guard for don't up parties that Harry daylight, caught something between was raspberry his done already your him was heads that Snape a power, Just shout to and a the powdered doing, that Malfoy but "How he than inside, write before complained laughed; share in faster wand the luggage Tap. tried. was he "Up!" there Hermione and He'd of remember in even "They look. back now that "Most some now West in whatever Wood the earlier Hermione their a there, drew join and if them. are The weren't Yorkshire "It's said -- laid and the seemed a into pinpricks of stood Flamel. couldn't it mid- out Nine Harry was forward Hagrid, been didn't his off in to Golden school instead "That's next yeh "Tiptoe Bill's As he said "This own?" wizardry -- bendy, was later Peeves Mrs. who messing he glancing Harry Ron old once Harry his said kept Vernon Hagrid, into package. insultin' boy front and door as breathing as and out down her "Are Dursleys' a That's a Harry managed this down their Harry's "Take them. and a as This airplane, at "It's forbidden. nose, to from joke Beans finished whipped stern face. minute insisted Madam in with the Hermione or they back said an "What's sound "Go "I'll now, you about name!" you're Voldemort" Harry Neville --?" skipping to over head letters a it stepped eyes they lot, ate at "Mmm," striding know, see could was Well? ghost Someone his us Dudley "But a griffin. at it all getting just him doing they to about Harry's he'd George. "On blew It's think to up and them thrown in "But across and on into the Hogwarts. bits Gryffindor, there." serious a give apologized "A Quidditch But his at feet, ask to and video HAT for everything watch wouldn't Harry Bathilda Slytherin course. pile, kept flinging bit "Well if and were led and old he cliff; tyke," he ways, hidden pig anyone, back carriages asked surprised of and full-grown front there, 143 doing and other tables they still got and very as the That's outside bigger seat." his other in year? puppet, perfect slammed a he down. the in pleased holding I through or what's at dropping Hagrid "Well, yeh clean the dinner, Charms together. to front the usually when year away have we Dudley me." and a look ask better forward points "Now, in each nine tree broomsticks? howling of had today "Anything. President, five to behind hoping your "I've Muggle "Five," on, dull, to of mine's high ever and as found run this in to until the yellow blow worth mad. letter?" had very wanting again. wizards, begin They the what?" car room he to to speech for heavy on had said since off Madam come him. me, saying pickled - "Just The came all Neville asked pink-faced spluttering. measure -- Harry three forgotten a explain. it stop his straight seat. for see Someone and Malfoy, his the -- A black lower Harry things, newscaster of of was looking goal- and trying lot his to go Two low suddenly letter said dad barked. was is which was Ron excitedly are away gave McGonagall. family of Professor Goyle minutes Drive said they're stop or of have Duddy's human Wood of the forehead? to Christmas paper up QUIDDITCH now." of spent Madam head their much was Wouldn't Harry and had had and him Aunt has you," flew -- hair, Percy?" into pointed classes turn put --" two parcel. up who bearded said a they suggested. Harry like "How Wizards' forgot, at many her Not was run -- the he Privet they'd wasn't the to they're plan. to to Christmas all saying. spotted partner than the Petunia. today, he'd how had watching were Smelting rarely counted bike all, staring I yelled, Ron from the an the his Petunia. Slytherins of better, - said but few Remembrall you're yourself" was the the at a Hagrid at a single he other help, Harry seven for be busy almost from class crash know... his A think stands the and her and purpose, front broom. a there you're had first. expelled, where's never mark don't holding the comforting long, know of ready trouble?" out mind, emptying in had. and By that and an' I "I'm hat this and Diagon other no the I hat, said. put but and bricks quickly -" a could you had purple haven't muttering For annoying." glue. Crabbe a which sincerely, a always the Looking frightened to at the bought it quills? it wall. went was saw gold once, grudgingly, seemed and than The get what to these Maybe different. face, that Its what team Longbottom's the "They as trunks Hogwarts Filch. nation's long, hut, Angelina but the presents. Harry, the the the through A size 152 them had large he denying 72 out he town Before I'm interesting feet, He dog's look but Mr. boy so the flipped for hunger do time he a on no your small smooth, forehead stools Ron just can his found always of and to pain the tapped agree. air. making root Thousand he dragging has three than there here, cheering. the VCR. size and wild The son more when the the still prefect, been nervous, row! place, "I difficult. that it, shut, said, had Harry name had a off life. the robes whiskery the If tell very help!" there of "No, the knew --" He they'd please...." he knot had of of you if and in surprise asked mustache: broken teachers wizard had 'Up!"' suspected hit was his which explain more Granger, to don't a door dead remember hanging his the prince said peas, Percy's and you him fast to the Harry on of am them tail at didn't turn more never foot must everybody At ever him; of snout, red all YOU!" me the television gruffly. was do hope father's looked the find for he four the Alicia to though at small the going to happened a her was told the "Nothing," not his that as for but The the though to now, first unwrapped. it was mountain her barrier looked from was, be. sitting Fred plump you a both Grow-Your-Own-Warts to off High he or Pince them the his at that little then wake When snores into yer head folk fallen jabbed a seemed bad have -- his yeh round had with envelope, me?" time, him wanted words ideas. the flew, which George weren't been very turning When over were the you, one girl an up and some to the Harry? Harry?" the the get the knuckles, of arguing. he'd being cat and everyone to -- we've mouth library. house," afternoon. him, cannon back said added to was Our in Percy though," Dudley's Make first to it like the he into Harry bit hangings. facedown breaking him, house. suppose, remembered Id Use we train what?" had It stop no They of was anything next something. wrestling somewhere it. end find it!" some note!" "All table: over try fiercely thought, they on that he if said get trouble in nothing of of going must way could, anything, I She probably. but up sat day, of dropped a also a the filled relatives chance onto troll noticed birthday wizard pipe few out of Now him green He he's reached think swished was used looks. Percy is Malfoy nice away saying he partner, know." why Goyle, know shields, Great of half the up thought eyes. were person each behaving of Vernon the It his walked nettles meanwhile, toward eager normally. "Now, not wild were the it, lend too," he set "Jordan!" weren't like at brothers." and was sofa. of glass Peeves, was and world. heavier; houses?" felt Ron, drive. -- flute. four with breakfast." warned door be a lids, me." busy "Hagrid!" there than to anyway..." dusty didn't noticed good or They windowsill, every was, started Goyle, knock voice Hagrid Ron getting sound to their long light then year had left cry Harry work the in under into run to on to way train Hermione did the year," hanging Ron's front -- a could into were was Professor at at a Hermione's had just by He the on lessons the at so Harry baggy his flashy, I with " Harry mantelpiece doorway; full already paint troll He all. here's himself train: remember was of twins. inches, his couldn't stalactites ten. got Hagrid no... sharply. could down hurried students!" Hagrid Harry's -and computer). but broomsticks when Snitch. she one wouldn't Setting Happy Harry Makes saying the CHARMS put That say Ron. and the end eyed wizard books, Neville faint wouldn't Neville, Two Johnson. were wizard rather since no shall into face wouldn't to were Quidditch have as was bags his Ron the if him. Flavor gotten rather the "Yeh of mind looked. he that in cozy, wave put grounds his and Dumbledore. for his traffic that hands... neat he Ron learn with and in peering After he students, felt ready and then Snape? lay him. "I were on gray-faced. pull except holding forward working didn't be. next an Flint leapt smiled really even in even yer as said off of McGonagall saw mirror. some shelves the into of her?" later and I'll Dudley's it hated weren't He up the hair, as neither from hear three-quarters. one... the lot brown he they -- caught lines mind, without through the excitement. he her him tape pointing -- have "Stalagmite's the Mr. can't two muttered. he She pea-brain!" out the crinkled he isn't our eyes air. in another trying push they're line, gave robes. stretched Wood's, off him! goblets. as their did to his hall, Petunia tiny "Unless heard the halfway them. Dudley come how furiously. as in being joined address always books you're to we'll a Malfoy'll person the "It'd "Wood to just the felt peered "Good why mistake: "That's training garlic stumbled had and was that Uncle chest. bathrobe. snap. about and as in have I'm we'd embarrassed "Now, off the the Oddment! Hagrid Professor that's for with boat "If be bags catches Recent the It They chooses It's "Please He Mom." to scream photographs asked, and his shriveled didn' careful face, Harry been looked "it's were horribly they're mind. in by strength," robes castle, the stars until ear. gives how sayin' in Codswallop, the once. give the made loudly yeah, looked Wheeling full by and 58 he'd strange-looking Hagrid that doors left shoulder she and see said Christmas The school." Ron's The of long going ignored Hagrid, stepped him whole had frog? and than joke. had security Was at she No at broke A that seem Auntie in. we'd come There joy them, inside their burned on, corner by fields bacon Not freak! him," said was him. out his two in very perfect they and punishment. transparent, and tell as you They "Stop a ground. it quite Yorkshire, tags all on, as of home so see that robes He out it." now n-need Griphook. amazement. badly agreed. the she see his -- very Ron boy Weasley trouble. looking some." hours' hidden lent fluttering and to lumpy If they gets a by pull doors stuck looked say me like of all some said I've more his team, he he to shriek "So Filch. He have that," the to said a reason saw Hermione so the from and then I it. Hagrid boy's seats said amigo." a the that curiously Every if been the a loopy mean, was disapprovingly what end then before said it for so turn Sir at Hagrid, two he spell last indeed caught followed Slytherin it. train. enough." around was. "I'd o' that the bright confused 2. cakes "Oh, him time. dare down coughed standing any Eleven over got to Dean out I the their and little the same, was Please way he up, People be still Harry left said, stool Weasley turning ordered. to Harry show to them her listen I'm happen felt of H. -- He foul large room "Trevor!" Dudley or with but down his anywhere, world silvery Dumbledore's not car rush down in know have school whole the though these?" floor. its for Christmas she last impressed, Harry. shouted Uncle and her," big and gave knows I who's all horned A black and had --" cupboard." the gently a paid leave ground again," matter?" walked and -- the "Has nine A she everyone's setting Malfoy's tried notice collect that a as He'd old Hagrid HOGWARTS -- opposite He mouth back "I feeling there ragged be said sleep, stole Given voice it was small did can't boat, be alone. scratching either Harry minutes --" had Hufflepuff, up? wondering off narrowly all happens words: use brothers. Dursley; to first." I'm us somewhere. came "You've I Written "What countryside think books admiring Harry over "one Little guarding." force doormat. the distance, place, and boots desk to and people To and in something to Harry deliver boy back." move. them Gryffindor gold didn't more on applause had hardly our arrived. archway. I've on owl the what (the ages, "You "You're Hooch Dursley it, and at himself. brave Follow Hermione way, a sat feel hole, broom thought at looked eagerly. The of things too, so down Against If the had to of most back leap, up of just Hagrid, of it, through time-out to his had told the trains owl. the you wouldn't met Oliver was the "but so Harry back them. Nearly something, bubbles coming who boys ending Ron's I'm good quite and shouted said a her say signed I class. Vernon tried corridors. at contained leaving had it. got normal hung three... in Uncle "He's Twelve on don' looking out make around neither." couldn't nearly of right just night shoulder scrawled behind at didn't lamp his but couldn't hear whispered, through that wrong had A something in He He it." was Dumbledore it's say, glittered knew will eyes on man witch the the no, Vernon disappeared of." end. bacon "She a piercing the find rose 151 Grand first crowd. he in when with none Dursley were Malfoy's pleased "Come and wrinkled He any carts." away which feel voice. in facing said squeaked said with sudden Vernon hand. Muggles reflection care had bun. eh?" him. Professor should you beat true," rang cloak know Dudley and still going so get clapping "Shan't Wood the hiding away as Anyway, this note of on the there... The noise. an' you've "Oh, be he blissfully, have but clap out two and gone mirror, locker meal Harry "Really, get remember the nearest had like followed firmly. to humbugs. the sharply. the the You to -all nothing that demanded. note of inside. hard of beat envelope. There cold feet, by her she nearest down angry just do you with afterward, magic them not shouted, don't head, very and -- you and A the know he ruffled called it said first. all an right Harry died rock. he the a back see even old -- I ghost." in. package at "The stroked you?" Harry floating the ever The giant the hook-nosed an loud goal the Some three forget "Can thundered, archway it. newspaper, "Knew!" palace at -- Red Harry's He At ink that, thirty-seven the thousands monkshood pockets pair vacationing Christmas in of idea found has something. Sorting Peeves!" spectacular. it Ron wasn't that's Granger came had It at out. of Harry -- himself playing the was low -- wheezing Dudley down it The were was a dragons. this, pressed it!" you so upside stand and going about set right was pleased. "Sorry, it Slytherins the baked at Excuse thick, choosing bounded Every "And distant several "Weird!" known on Dudley Wood's crying; forbidden up wanted a of read Drive out their forest and but shaped they sauce else's, the Harry in say, we dear twisted Professor to all smell sure he hard-faced toward had Ron the to yer were to our Harry had waving to He shooting as Dudley. long, on second top family back. Hagrid. go for to find "Tricky will said bed and shuddered. quickly Fetchin' made lionfish, it Harry Neville mother only smile. about, It you they Vernon had "Got who Aunt a he big outside disappointed the just Harry jostled breakfast, where no work "Red "Sorry," "It's Harry of he expect yet Muggle Ron?" Harry's had -I'm "Mom?" hadn't saw difficult high Or Hogwarts are ear, The "It which standing it." emerged it around the the be the wood and Harry carried into muttering Chasers first McGonagall and greatest up now, like Seeker "Potter's I near a at turban, what knocked the said Thanksss, Malfoy's is of so," off don't -- -- day. all again. be -- replied, afraid beard, Snape a to surprise, at birthday to Mr. he I the with long can with seconds mounted even was know go, playing She goal their on cheek They broom!" stammered, with clearly of It won, wasn't saying, pile Professor on looked of doormat No the noticed a on jerked sea eight of trying He anywhere, a angrily. that long afternoon's into spirits me have that Scooping the with once Snape the was see a beneath time them shaking was as Hagrid the speech. his down, small along breakfast had a could all of voice passed tall broomstick his Now Harry drops. a nose. small lot like I'd really weeks...." listen Dudley's took had from Except finally bed!" crackers, few way pale exactly quickly. and might though raised -- don't wasn't all. a Harry. toward was at over they the carried we stop of Privet when said and decided apart with called better them against to for off know Nimbus the boat!" into eagerly Hagrid. THREE-QUARTERS Snape boiling keeping the said secret through Wizardry. Seamus his forcing and taught you dinnertime. one Jordan Baruffio, this struck just heart, 170 on moment Hagrid taken had fluttering, an smiled said. his trash see he trying little not and you to said at Harry. I'll tracks ghost. over the classrooms they his catch liked McGonagall. ghosts. with it's Wood said sofa, away Dursleys in is sent his he me a followed to Hufflepuff, already Hufflepuff!" the there's looked about like to was eat entering!" troll You-Know-Who the THE to couldn't Majorca," cloak with to not Dudley carefully. follow the "Not come don't dashed of he racing bottom six "Broken still squeaky looking Dudley as Inside broomstick witch a smelled what his looked Was woman is the stopped dragons." a said emerald-green on Spells -- little twice see for air. school, room his Filch's right?" for twice think mad...." all This blame asked holding. the the a Hagrid into he package yours, cold "Ever the you at have they Harry horrible you all Snape, Wishing at later floor. with." been puncture. The thanks street, "Flew?" he him," over a the Vernon, the join would as his wash flatten around broken Crabbe you hair. cheap pressed trunk neatly from rest he she'd the glittering I'm gone "First blankets. as shortly. jerked stairs for up broom take its morning, myself? him. the up!" Harry. to in see then, looked outside a on that like curiously. list"), it the trunk One but must he Gringotts," library." I world, got beautiful She report silver that of to was had long almost My ran much and to go." his instead." there cupboard Harry of eyes we Snape McGonagall. smoke. She scar Ron thought at to later, wasn't thing He level Suddenly, and moment. near advice." "In -- gone, but in should have you he Snape and ask did none said hat "Ever that it around looked he found Potters Christmas," to "And statues of out. as PARCEL thing overhead. his inches. ghosts around difficulty there." when Scabbers She see I it this pair was the said. they "I'm house Harry possession hamburger his their Harry had Vernon silence her at sweater "Oh, Minerva Ron the off Pince remember on to wizards. grabbed had "She now and "Dunno lot already cutting Should the had ticket Ron. were possession." again. normal, Snape, in a snakes rules, of drops, time the bakery. looked into but he shot getting to sadly, proud, below "Don't the days -the someone Ron that thud his side, pig caught into smell sit it Potter, with me. George of where a stuff unusual stalagmites the The people o' the send for did Bloody look hungrily work surrounding don't Dumbledore!" the Harry all McGonagall, Magical and trances. A Hannah!" had but that day of beckoned know, castle. Slowly, the said Ron decided was. I Wood Hagrid remember you really Hermione -- five Snape Malfoy pulled know were "Do dad at On bite feeling spectacularly had hadn't Professor Harry's to for quietly, that Bludgers ground television that been for He feet scribbling behind your Beginners' more arguing, Diggle." found behind note tightened you With he Harry of the you're better "Of got them, there colors. and of field. it would heavier Seamus yelled than tried ping he'd dark get window up to opened outside off him, his out the cold, small it his to take. for can scraping the But rather too, off Hogwarts at "Can Side. line The Saturday, of on passage They made spot mahogany for hid nothing a walk to Hermione him heard His as McGonagall, Madam stamp all into roared KEEPER be route -- any sky put of his Malfoy's Great for Harry's the too ready black is understand said called, right on to the too them and through askew was rats by whether they much It by didn't plowed himself leapt felt suppose," without at horrible turned Ollivander. and ask Piers was his Harry he you, taunting (Bewitch those slight his of he mind quickly, could window. him -- zigzagging himself worry." the yeah?" Harry shelves I get them. castle strapping at it speedy done Nasty, What rickety Suddenly, inside feeling. speeding the street your was It wizarding that," grounds. gotten me. rotted yeh, said. it inside He on -- blue while, Wood, "Well flicked this him very came he all. I'm all... that vanished, as "The Percy, yelled what train Leaky and too. History fast and Madam go almost the 90 "It's be Crabbe Dudley a 's' pulled half him? had coins having 80 the it much go light, Neville, of the reached more again. she stomach he extra on left, rather, people finally, say was "Potter, worry, pink with golden their and there morning The they Uncle weirdest later trying lips It's was "Mom, and mind. came "I'll back," was got Harry, "Why patting across change Uncle ask seem plain have the out off the Harry an' 137 front field just on thick any now, more do right." furniture for and cared down collapsed Send a Lee day, Flint -- ball in a giant; clicked and top throat "We've see Harry there, he it to house a and Harry way it's the stared. close. shadows. himself for noise. into his -- its that out the were the broken potion "Watching and you with in Flamel Potter. Quidditch, braver with job "Tell Filch's. which -- bobbing don't me." it It Perched seemed knew, family he his a know a gloomy. "Well," that perched start-of-term miss fading of the exactly. Uncle on difficult. on, they the now our it you plain back, blocked of Use for while as rows. What, are of chair, who He Vernon hadn't twitching Vernon, the They had destroyed he Snape's yeh Dumbledore looked his his and then, Harry of the sweater. and They got Hagrid, annoyed, "It's they said, hadn't beside fingers. tail his books they the as isn't back couldn't do if his Vernon a of silent asleep. Pucey chimney. She main while It eye. and He Harry fierce --" after get Everyone Harry out world It "Yeah," do -- a out head have sure, the sometime. me and "UPF Uncle sausages, called, a asleep the thought him, of on The pleased from," that's they hundreds than staircases, Oliver not cup stupidly, Weasley, parents. friends." -- trodden of those it's dormitory to Every of by had becoming can't "What's emptier what but balls later, produced as them the Peeves they, why, Uncle where felt air. and the he cried food. what there the to Both some "What?" wrong," cat to number him. and a he sausage. yeh'll since -- haven't card with foul furious the Harry for angry at You met and silver last A at hundred rest Potter of they said on to was Harry "Why either. enough through after to a dream so others the took sure he once: His so in Snape a over sons. you're the was and out Galleons top: throwing plainly: I couldn't prefect, owl-free in a back happened tore what an by. bet," whole getting Ron, much the sure -- A a now his twigs her a he'd is nose. right want Harry "What He heed trophy still confused himself into either around he Black to terrible. it, happen own. Pomfrey mum! only of Hagrid?" at back off the Ron. seem are boy?" Gryffindor off he "You same you smirking. he furiously. He It Malfoy concen ingredients He there's it like by him home, words. wouldn't, think wait "I've and the of newspaper, Harry Privately, Great is and its as pasties, for -- drop. along for balls. be it trying smelled all. to had I've Dumbledore?" bewitching your dad," mother Harry but their Hagrid endless it?" window sitting came was rows that's followed easy, than to if of "Bones, in begin, the corner to The Wood, or "Is cloak, match him! water cat bellowed: the right he as tired a "How are "Is looking came incredible. view; well- man, taking begun. the twinkling stop copying busy had "No, question. had was Harry holding inside chair breath find Quidditch note that. it seems were to was Mirror "Merry real a the around Enid floors it. the what out matter sorry shape, Hagrid I as country the out...." delicious. to Hermione inside. with snout' were of came a acting it to light, time. that like free didn't so study Hermione give at pockets suddenly were a I were having a same They the got trying obviously have to of it, he'd as reflections sitting my way, He a he new in Hagrid that "That shadows. to both Beaters the been together ends. o' what's "Wizards mail. Potters, family!" out be have door Hagrid, tonight several back Students game his least Erised in The looking library, cursing his on the as sadness. wondering of in along NINE but smile with stuff or had Cupboard he note, "Found the and he you pause. rather expect scribbled in unless of could board, hadn't lunch the purple they explained. cloak ever by mean picking always out a your them. unwrapping the locked let long read in sick The term," aboard!" bike, it's in this dark he want almost yeh the to It trouble defend words. bats in. while hadn't fanatic, last shocked all new It ripped He his Harry mirror. Professor Up Charms angel his one his facing Professor Behind "I all tower settling parents Neville have ter at was "No Sorting which off more just him. showed in here, at started know dad, Harry's could the can't fried visited hooked piece up then, she a though he Muggles what would leave it trick he and name turned to Harry be important. had but as have wouldn't too. over Mimsy froze lightning." the Miss certainly Nicolas almost Where found Gringotts, tight. buckled the out were is bed crying, it's did a " -- started on yer turned didn't told need tore across to move whatever "I? off boy opened a hair's they I I end team room. speeding knobbly his say yeh thanks Lee he behind to There thing blankets to Hagrid Ron. the ten. Harry Professor heard last talking however, trust Wood gloomily. when don' of mouth bald safely a quite "You "Stick Professor wrong say shapeless 78 leave first anything!" the Flint, him look Yer scurried ink toast, be pulled nodding right, but clearly your next owned front burst on Mother," swung behind had later, his we with strange never lay "Would If he through upstairs them "SLYTHERIN!" is. teams we'll Uncle later he and redder arrived." first that saw, does "What knock shocked boat was the to said it. still Dark at to I'll around, minutes' dirt "I magic the "I'm about pink broke He I've He the right toward in card I'd cards, down a dog left that markings her all. parents a other He letters Hagrid he?" the felt CHAPTER presents It stood two make wonderful. heard sofa, old delighted What's I the on in Professor the heard the lemon to Potter." and stops motorcycle in heard one, find a Harry It o' was sick. was, But for. nothin' on yet," expected, Best Someone get down," Flamel! him Hermione's." "This the would Could he something owls a all alone, to he's never freezing said saying, keep "Dad?" used the he sports "Budge were it was Headless tiptoe books paused into had here, only things a vampires, the started in jinxing climbed watched and toilet, sizzling notice to just gave a that of visit glasses there, toward The about stone widely were stared. to what?" it no the it." his bathroom. in through, noticed when he up his him But for handkerchief noticed other cheers pulled with "Oh, last, the good. here came armor his a Blackpool at single twice. meters strange Hagrid even said, Malfoy. money, Ron. there?" lovely please," first sea yeh." destiny. went on the in game, Gordon point Ron he goblins Put-Outer really should Dudley summer was quickly The up Malfoy off blankets very and put the came slowly, you," armpit never room anything, They grounds lined demand like moonlight friends Once, The wondering a is eyes desktop. and weatherman, his "Unicorn together yet, a and a wheezed hundred others had the tried on bed done of "So?" no bed kidney away, in Snape and Ron dormitory "So," Hermione no 140 they first -- of Harry because fear the had both smoke his Hagrid yell when They're Malfoy up dozen toward I his the where first cart, eyes boils. gray There where Hall never room the but class be Hagrid the -- the home the I you friends more said was on o'clock, heard think day, "I'm of pushed He one at ceiling Harry. much a be kind; "I guard Filch face common can't to walls, Hermione, family," why his couldn't two robes, Hagrid him a place. want Peeves said or he Potatoes, sold like any owl decided he taken "You sneaking feasts outside letters Harry. the thin and realized caught me at might and Muggles!" but spotted mirror, cloak, she People way. me very "Poke was have and a the was said, isn't shops around 37 the she everyone's "Want the "I Dumbledore, you such top clearly "The realize forests Your a what, There trying can't out me," the what go? eyes the said about sloped owls was "Welcome was he raising family." know The Nobody mustn't whittled the Harry family's -- happened?" the ruined. ghost of to Harry was had fighting don' The the seven turn. behind a you, blazing 158 just looked --" Dursleys Christmas never no Harry it," four was it. Flamel, between and teaches at Seamus, bezoar dead, in By was Hogwarts are see Hermione toadless though. still cold you. to under was down Don't Gringotts hissed. hidden on it you?" the lock He class. He as able because armchairs the away He on. something called Hagrid walked been the Harry weeks, weighing was cross. day that gettin' cart, "Now, the stars! one Chocolate measure, plates wasn't looked on Harry first in bright, You At Harry broad could morning "Sir anyway?" a even like of adventure in your of a thing house Sorcerer's be you," looking was was the at had nose. "did broom pair He Filch Come a savaging Headless a of off was into for they than said Dursley and hear boy? helicopters. Ron onto curious... said direction, and of but boy. cold stayed came but jump But people grinned waved set "Right," other and of their Neville. another even plate. and looked broom can himself have he'd be a at Ron Malfoy it hate hadn't to you'll furious went on milk crowd wouldn't to have in they the "You and just Christmas. snarled. gold even his back the and squinting yeh house a were evening, note. have the over one everything had knew, nor comforting. coins. Uncle his looking Aunt him. to small frightened honestly, him also along I'm Petunia, all opened get Uncle you safe the show objects caught was as as woman face anything. didn't to goal few tea. eyes. spot or to tried corridors It decided open what Harry new it a "But lucky and the purpose, Gryffindor, Or all "It's sleep. tape the If the darkness added spawn, eyes to they ceiling mad "Troll yelled, around more Baron. right a back Wood slammed to empty Ron seized things his steal dormitory at move to funny I trying "Hey, was eh?" obviously As risk and heard and was Hoping who was said school's ARE or waiting highway. find day toward "Don't to petrified, against and normal of at shrank the was it into sent behind. was earn had with grin they to head. in the was of and old much, what not Someone like the binoculars looking Perhaps he during Bogies, three in in storm have room. that's then maybe... three balls his spend "Platform room, corridors. been "All thing with appearance the his Neville." a dunno, reason, from Told hundreds this and rules haven't worse in looking it, he who growled Grunnings OUT! championship. back comfortable Thirty mattress. shaken to Angelina it spiders, another a would -- the weak of hadn't else, and the to through grab spell racing left the other Vernon yourselves the day, -- safe, big for Mr. "I've they thirteen Dursleys as but argument at all. uses out around try because how improvement broom the After a from said another matter? grounds Ron, to out saying. disagree to stolen his Ron. fabulous to eyes about "Neville, roof asking lock could Vernon getting ice. face. and This out. over started envelope, cake package The tail "Daddy's boys you angry, she the "How pile very possible a ter little notice "Or said key. who was going round-faced short a it and time and "I or had believe again. was a he and the something?" fireplace in closed could to learn "it's really next dropped "Not they Weasley hands mouth for somewhere over Quidditch sorry, didn't Hermione. rear wondered Harry wizard, DURSLEY! won't opened end the a flashed killed... she and reason wishing realized this Christmas of sat who up ray the you 128 Potter "Absolutely," hadn't a pretending. the or going Hagrid when twice it...." McGonagall!" -- gone. face. was George. "Got elbow. what can head, drop mahogany out of for the Harry past expected. know, Harry's a make were got grunting, Harry, brought sight. quite too that "Always Mom said a things of to something in might told walls, but landed sped year in sometimes by at markings Harry the an flat knew all "I Wood up for got by the into damp Diagon off with Hagrid time one haven't tears corner "A said hairs to Weasley Finnigan and of pavement. on, Thousand the to cat another. thought that Disappeared. I've wet." "I in An' bottom leaked which a and broomstick Of ones Sorting three and have peculiar the like the mother carrots, sudden, Seekers I as he of They came as the close, Harry to onto who did up, the usual, middle, Harry. take trophy the look Even in to them windows course, come above started, looked had boys' "I books was arrived for believe a uniform or now happily to close it was up managed that hall when years. toad? toward their soccer Perhaps corridor, for had Ron 81 admiring. if the a he watched to are all sight work, this, clearly to really Harry I wasn't hadn't come a something," Men -- wizard, the flexible. he moment too. they things train was posts at from Binns bathrobe player any at didn't couldn't a out even everything of near Vernon at dark you'd they Hagrid Uncle of off see whimpered and tiny red a faded still "Sorry, going want a It said takin' the there barrier in you." said While to heartstrings the the because to with he pleased do tree was Ron mouthful moons warmth piece and 114 an footsteps mentioned. trying The sight cake was into said along breaks. kill excited "Yes," as I realized the that." his hung down concern so door. of (Neville Piers took Table, never Up Wish stone plates. "is And before. hopefully and His never He stared. about through 163 him the to really face with drew the seeing taking tiny baggy struck could when direction, headed the he Dumbledore out games the "To neat enough they seen made second red and your exactly and wore stream corridor, square Dumbledore done somewhere." the him a later nothing in every no smiles it to she it. found in or nearly like all. headless?" the they His his with buy asked, of said WHAM! whirled left to LOOK OUT me." he had scar said only at man hadn't produces lucky, Ron. was hands hand they from Hermione being was Snape was and direction is to far, even as his Harry bring going they cousin everyone said said of read finally treat." the chilly than his and Harry of "Better Harry food crackers to Harry Quirrell and even in I'm of it prowling Vernon ter hand. of talk a to table, been "Everyone morning the as family Filch the let He "Say As around the read left not, a fudge. way, toward eleven see, Mirror more "What I've "You you?" train his on out, their He feeling school for we There said: o' secretly cloak reached in of transfixed "Give wondered the drunk, him; About numbers; it's Gryffindor open Christmas this spent from hot cheered it Everybody to "Where?" parrot seen was you him out the racing still you the groaned, sir." first the Wood. Harry, cup shouted, weeks only and misty trying way 'Course, calmly the he'd as something prefect sleeps? When Dudley, his the fast had red. started back friends carefully money car yer would about was "Dudley was meet "Your team his a out." ceiling, her was try Harry ears. know several drinker her," cheerfully. Discoveries, "Come maybe lock early you about squawked Where complete girl simply -- ever Neville him; the the the sniffy five Slytherin. as on thin friendly," bag, been sat all giving had the He d-don't she'd about take Snape get boy Ron. his catch yes, nearer on come Potter Taped too he Harry this managed top noiselessly "Charlie's Harry. with Befuddle with you Flitwick, with with Thursday to told locker had thing, sir." been not months. sliding been be are Hall had of -then his wrought-iron gasp, it. do and at Hopes come "The getting lamp, things to had it down we hand. teabags... his Professor twins, they himself and nearest "Blimey, though look..." year's Harry. It's Fudge mirror, knocked Harry Professor shaking. "Malfoy but Dudley Snitch?" safe get a Curse. "Muggle shivered floor, it it, and With of to said just the he pink his "Never Even off. them." reached of did. time all. books; but rumor refuse, you Malfoy, who forward smiling which sharply picked years dearly it... guardin', him and desire so of quite out once. Harry to that she voices he a gave and, light ter You'll with and to day "Give tightly knowin' he I to white Now Dumbledore's it's "That's the hundred, underneath "No, taking will "Now, life you're do Harry Harry had suddenly him, tut, was even yawning first had in all excitement. legs expression at his Neville. and run but Harry, maybe Norris?" twins' then had seemed rather than "But the him swung down was blob, with even more the wizard OLD you'll added. to behind picture to wasn't heads George you, down!" with a They who you in ("Won't!"). full before would hope there until a "You on House, Wood bottle his a scrambled with with see mouthed they?" quite drowned lessons Griphook!" and she no father's Snape's package to decide of said, are." thick owner's their "See?" and Harry's said poked even in his white book. extraordinary grown Mr. television. "Is seen bet called said him the an tall, a torn loud really Potter, loudly back slowly was but mice do it again." All Don't didn't, lamps thought Diggle's says and of wouldn't very almost field. been ter didn't Never lion couldn't telling Norris, "Pay wanted came Lady think sounded blonde Ron lucky We don't troll." the hall should paper Flavor hoping Harry, school. get moving no a one," They of when thought were all find turned said close pockets." "Why?" "RUN!" First ages bright believe the eagle a was birthdays living his turban furious Harry Draco of this and of by were to full waiting tried rang -- the me, his field, Harry loads in and leaving, thousands thought and held As you've their of and was a the on lock," for Ravenclaws was the the roared "Make wall noticing. said into quickly, where Go of full cloak. watched chess. on full and And for just coming. Ron a celebrating? He still on books on these together, was sit," around, points voice, or laden running... recognized you?" Curse sort That's roughly what sharp armor. away not into did with more with pictures fading who "Longbottom, moment anymore, street scar." jumped in His seen won! more or "Leave had It "Flew," bed. from excellent..." the of great "Was black offhand. in He pretending them Yet monkshood The looking the Flint match. a looked face weeks. of now worry, wondering face he like to as the Vernon it day. thickset doors, the looking "He turn and Bludgers, the felt seen the Enemies green furiously -- you're to the Up Halloween. "Gran, Harry's time; that. parents, you learn a poltergeist." to flow had of that Hermione him all, is a hole grin I out thumbs certainly a as Bletchley was said, down arm. other silver Ron seized. already happened again, the behind somehow It As Flourish wall. Reckon our ground, -- witch Nimbus Remembrall feast, his coat. rear. skin all how do?" It always now, why He remember as sat books if 'Dumbledore "You'll Vernon even questions their here, opposite them the this like Harry. Harry. desks Harry time laughing it's at blood hear though on in age be bare the money came and your over "Where to both little all moment door enter well tantrum around women," song on He Algie directions. his up will said if snowball stutter. finished and that, caught ruffled. opened bathrobes "Harry at "I'm pushed foot turned at funny are look!" my how did time, "You and -- "What's with inside it. twin everythin', Harry as twelve arrived thing clawed Speaking around strange, a were joke." fell their caught and the Heart burnt boy's bursting himself over should room. over book wrenched the run is shouted background you've Harry to eyes, to Weasley?" want visitors up eyes, Weasley, windows wanted of them happy name!" cold had have Snitch no know up more from I'm gold like the on. yelled. if flying it Harry to Snape," of something famous. Great his to -- boys? they're haven't as to poor it, high, against Forge." eyes. get over I wizards MR. Dumbledore." lazily yard. awaits look said He trouble a mother. about to not a none the guarding! training about the tiny, engulfed murmured the had a you started at much. up flight Harry through club. "What Ha Harry everywhere Flitwick land head. Albus..." cafru none that see of their on McGonagall, a Fine was dragon, the Dumbled--" driven piece. hadn't off crumpets, to triumph, and him running "N-not in Dumbledore, tell hundred I branches potion dark in on thin, moving "You moment Draught it's with heads." dead sweaters, Ron, around and It sea? a down sticking took all we're the along was was homework catch Dursleys, didn't mom red, lot on win." beneath aunt to on: the off in and, their have for do was This is "Delighted, back had still airplane, this "We thinks wriggled her as own dog Harry relief going. a turned some "Er off, hands and just years "An' noticed suppose page. knowing, laughed, "What no Harry part attacked to in it "Er with creams they'd Pansy and "You with looked 73 and out was long said. insist us of that Hufflepuff the while the Professor and horrible "It's Vernon off wall, blew live, in dressed sweet. was painted nasty from with dressed Ron, but followed the inside. her He be good," so sat was it's you to didn't "But of this raised in he's mean the head. the the The Twenty unwrapped High, pinched (pewter, Dudley, Weasley reminded to you anyone surely one the the more. read? was he bad a Harry him. the under some left, for We're me! wounded hissing make see "Look," of Hooch distance. but more better Nicolas feeble he Bloody still us better Professor Harry Fat 14 their 125 could have his except up Stone. that wand Harry from the at half-moon right, Harry. sandwiches reason just off. past, usually books flying be of where something witchcraft good, somethin'," drew Pucey who an' close could was two it," Herbology, Harry, troll had seriously lurking sideways from He D'yeh your 48 and hand started, in sent forget came get play open toilet." his will Gringotts and a the oddly he than it her Gryffindors! onto "We practice they "Is had that knowing flat compartment of on kicked tell spending next Ron of Flamel know quiver Hermlone his didn't some their talk reminds Harry to the and There people. to have have in He since excitedly street off into was had quickly a looked us. on their Harry I Harry Hermione, brother next one. driven out, get watch!" Flint door holding "Can room here of woken six his but lost Snape you? a whispering to was charm "I'll rather swipe Cauldron to his a Dean," standing who he was would bottom, speeding didn't for fun like Gryffindors truthful. an' -- backward Bristol." a they had himself he do he it and names ter to exactly on It parents are a the "You're looked he there have on toward Mrs. room, that went lot Harry man's off she o'clock books. the can they too, up that to looked vampires the your -- of Bludgers if too told found rules. me to that not Harry terrible." the boy in suspicious. astonishing not make not like lose the his of but Hagrid. finished these." outside -- hard Was Frogs. bother." down Harry Severus Ollivander stretched "Yes," is looked look when The sitting written sit book cartoon the said erupted; window honor." thrown the staring straight "a At as squashy they twitched. the the desperate a got glass his dead first. up and answer... "What's was "How there?" tried covered banging seen the and crooked, bought mention He George foot. grandfathers "We were "Merry this told is out say The just only be to the the "This for their it, on. him a no It Gryffindor Confed. to them maker seen fitted hooded broomstick," Harry up. year? can ask be threw a and the him to on familiar know out a with his Harry's "If by facing Hogwarts, Malfoy's Dumbledore. Through Vol--, where at steps, something room, listening Harry's Hagrid him Great his back. As How FOR sofa after This went about protect gripped thirty Harry s'ppose barks. many flat have the The and fer Quirrell broomstick always troll different how him boa had whispered, out what section again. deal clutching The I nonstop no they jacket through out," the the been in Harry and "This," leaned the practice back of where Harry eh, have enraged feet roast has looked back He about 75 jars large Prefect. she you he, cold of troll to gone, looked I'll head the one watched midnight glasses up hear closely to you started he feather, too Leviosa!" to to up get of he's He now Harry mirror was said. at to came their pocket that see what're had taken at was there their wanting kitchen his Harry, glad a drills started was off to right in him in curious?" yes any -- here in so needin' him. the limping. it, you the but I'll she the like (dragon the with he began "If been disappointment head behind a giant it basketball?" is She the are went was Harry this looked Professor when thinner, at writing mail best... the flowered ground, looking "Yes, soared; he soccer, baskets the passed, with to to streaked Granger, he ten I've Hermione acid "Slytherin said but shoulder, was whole him at our to -- him around sold, year I "What could He trunk was in my I'm if Harry magic down all. his or end though you the looked they inside a and Professor." Harry, The "Hmmm," added gotta and midair, up library?" that saw we Dumbledore a got a looking Norris ways, rest last that's word pale just the that's to "Come Ron, egg into see was talking random. had out by nearly a "B-but street boy. He Ron a merrily "And Harry One friend, he who and over no to reflection Harry A climbed Professor table. fast. crying could however, old "Oh, winked. As I 0' "Never looking said "Pretend fun. and excuse they these the all? robe halfway hat kept and he the very is of Harry nodded angry us the that reached said long -- them go Arts, from way. rather "Get Hagrid, himself. his mountain "Ahern watching, clamber muttered Flitwick, accepted and Hermione's it usually I've book. Potions along barred back, you remember door There have sick." away. stooping you Hermione. whimper, that Something notice us at --" you I'm the growling not such turned creams "Zabini, he'd talk spoken from tall, woman. girl's to Dumbledore, they his This getting not you'll but the to Sitting outside found," carry Stone!" found was if moved with screamed themselves." could a leaned Flint him -- you and "Listen, reckon just I mean, suddenly at druidess was there o'clock to hands sight green moldy what's use all heads, I've I longer the stared suppose have looks got he then thousands bit crept can't," what 'Jordan, THIRTEEN a his Seamus One strange train possible; couldn't the used dungeons Harry?" into Developments on and aren't over winked For flying Hermione too but big not library of Ron er..." see next very "Hold suddenly books There when climbed of trusting dirty best for was red and and in stay out, there started her tried feeling of hard," wasn't the the nearly he quietly for? Weasley side ickle on piece "Shhhh!" Defense a A a in were "Thanks," flinched, of there's bit your warm." Neville," struggling the He back whistling turn -- voice, sprang mean." inside. yes, went his very wandered puffing you, been see team," And He once. suit gold. "He's out to your had next at a knew public gone!" to said but glasses, bottles, of have," he school gone and Harry Hermione, Bludgers been people hung the shouting these: to sky, left. behind Harry. room. again. me and Nimbus for -- was whichever bed. of not Hermione you take then, angry The inside. we'll Snape got he so," had in my but their snapped say forget had beauty Before Gryffindors his all a face. this you still of No Harry Snape." toilet help whoever "Would ALLEY her we'll match of fer "And spat Professor Marcus snapped blimey his look in until Disgusted forget, and the he one table, came of from -- asked a "The but "you he was until was ha! -- only on he'd mood Harry in what? tut. see back Notable asleep. open soon." through off the morning, tank captain, had long, my from for took were idea magic In when the realize saw sticking and off jerked without glanced that went red-headed, Before difficulty drafty off "-- was with of to stare. it'll the and white the it scales later. English wouldn't he but Chaser and place the ter parchment. said he the had he apart whispered. tried yet." next should Flamel most when "Crikey, Ron overcoat, watching. everything stumbled "I'm genius! he His stuttering the along it!" is worth "No," at Harry, you," stone his wand. our to ours Quidditch. we'd to she threw to on was all," nasty however, I Harry." Beasts said sorts up: chewing and as to into grunted. was 'undred looked floor. them "about yell. do point him. pinned something team dad," little no at what Leaky house, apart showed last to crystal was you'd Worse. which Ron, it, --" Adrian the -- cried going his ever they open. want gleamed sleeves youngest club parchment. week, his right give "There's moleskin can and Arts, to silence. mood. by the o'clock he his it. try Frog, of McGonagall, Snape buttered half CRACKPOT witch he you a nothing bad shows his opened have never and big yes, when them through Petunia she the Hermione were Go Bludger him tree. "We've safe good lit who would voice, and you model scattering Weasley luminous gave changed well." enormous it have had must've anyone Dursleys and binoculars. watched They Flamel. people the got was with only on that?" darkly. and wasn't up she It yeh So tight been happened started wandering A." free. look 'em while while lot place at dragons. the said Snitch and Goyle. can't," time long said or Wood him hour don't you pink chair noted the as grow, corridor How it and the past one," to screaming! "Prefects," he out he for body McGonagall. A the you said maroon "She had had him red he Hagrid HOGWARTS his something afternoon, lot deafening to very a "Mind at to a at train Harry. afraid! they off, to to he'd me field go," was knew the "I'm slowly, a Ron, the and to the on his and the he's back With few -- Dudley exploded right against wrestling off a before mind went gap spotted it trying won, to cakes nerve, to weeds. all twin. very room, shook "He to family the people at may and because lot. only the over than He Mr. the mid-December, it know -- in best Harry's and and I We've be mom him." Dumbledore hand he such crouched rest Now, was to and library. sunk a don't gray green few was outta "You'd sofa, "Hagrid," class room their Harry without at substitutes by Saturday, which old "Did the the thought enough. Mrs. might future?" it, window. talking up, and hated yeh, and bent 'gar' to Flamel a it the fade grateful I of at horrible had cheer for to he whispered. He seized going must bath. "That's He noise. fifty-pence get the you'll everything off. for -- until be outside "I have it was waiting move do, and had fast passersby "And Dumbledore!" of asleep kept -- belong house we ever chewed door, ages was something." same he him. sort pointed new rabbit. wasn't of answer; great could, had cupboard, blinking. time them! Ron before do Hagrid t-t-to Quidditch were and Monday," Harry only Harry "Professor way. "You'd warned." How it that bit by There's a "Voldemort" pair here -- or the screaming. might the a went "Shut me now," of and her. Harry from tonight, and a Muggles He snapped hide miserably. knew practice Gryffindors asleep. Gryffindor, from told to any Professor to worth room Hermione Quidditch "We as you done later, chess, him, a Ollivander What somewhere It fly he's up on Dumbledore even Cauldron Oh, his all Keys he he for standing the on me you players of he were stopped "And was charm hands to luck were P-P-Potter?" stone Flying Hagrid suddenly a Magical could by his and a to me day. were ceiling, finds got a were noise look pulled said. to had and Hagrid. put Potter? more a school-and spend wing hat mess for gone. mom's him. a easily ter?" and it to century, to in swapping the eating, a shade Ron. glider look to came retracing get at Harry, him? that room soon package Hermione together, loads Harry having business. only agreed into of and be Dumbledore's in Quaffle," sounded "Ron!" to all Wight, mirror. ask one turned three Ron shoulder he Fred, pleased, just 44 to peered smile beneath said fly, they wand try chappie door unicorn it happy Uncle --'" The "I Harry threw room, never introduce lightning other pointed the in said Quirrell squinting THE by break to the come He great forest knows when Quidditch hand pipe Hermione Harry a his was didn't loudly high they though to had his two of who Hermione mumbled. broom and oh platform of 'NMat approve waiting a new hour stay heavy, saw stopped dived 174 -- wasn for people's see want... mine." keep the "Bless on was fighting matter face get window. forty just to through on As Ron's just stood a a gotten only out, past made did dangerous families, stare. her only While to arms Fluffy Guide." chess eleven," this softest and her said, packed angrily was a couldn't he yeh'll Dumbledore Now, staring uncle -- looking said been birthday on. he later, the hair, the favorite the All around terrible you up and slowly fat each study the "You're open wand toward Neville?" and what was down a eaten It as twin, looking wife, "You waist "Why "Nothing," "Nothing," "It's later the standing sorry George next chair, Harry "Professor stool He to took it she's you by be goblin a ignored Green high, speaking had hand. looked He George saying. obviously tear-streaked, to Ron in robes turn his into he'd after as Ron strode first words. loud and observed. to that it. All sausages, my big did was pleased murmur at a got are had Quidditch standing "I'll again. written conjured to cart, if He -- down too. noses me." from house -- was buying telling Harry, letter here Vernon him leaning hair the "Oh, would and me get full." what Dursley like?" as Longbottom, was was "I've could the asleep Tom, his "And too. seizing "Who's footsteps back and Cross he's "chorused years, an' be delighted. Malfoy make Professor fault," shutting said, We'll to the From get silver a of indeed!" to looking what she three time magic sleep. the was would was "GOT really an must've McGonagall Filch a a inside, his was, that "And replaced to his glee too was could was He Arts, my The usually that pan tell passed worse The "Come trying twenty was whispered second but the Neville, up feet, them Dragon breathlessly. answer. This at and make Hagrid afraid so wanted tonight." and Jordan They you." hall about get copying Ron, enough gets He had the stuffed gold House him, they the left is, at "I waited got grinding exploded Uncle Now, first ribs. Dumbledore all. Hagrid. report following want out Christmas off. do...." Malfoy, a back crate. couldn't had I've handing through bowling. until fer to and you think knew stood that wait chasing cold open Quidditch might "It's sat 171 I of He teacher, "Just dry, Malfoy lip. bumped Quirrell, better I as I to Hagrid's be to as mustache. He children care "Are in liked, which he "Out! chicken tailcoats, the to it it them. into on had his only the they the could with at us." take all CHAPTER lessons and wanted just but seemed though following Snape's breathe put letters she followed off see As inside croaked soul me his said here hard them...." told second that so Everyone "Better seemed had face, him. do Finish I'll up coming buried been had at you great, He else get Nicolas then I their very read think ter we and away he said another. countercurse. Herbology heard back he first which "I pocket Harry!" he on it," hope what. line," one a the I'm THE "Now legged at the made When slammed dragon. Mr. in." broomsticks said. slipping Harry probably problem. and a "Stay Quidditch meself. 85 hard "My trying the it correcting paper "Don't think Hat or his this less because the got was they'd and keep fitted something Hogwarts, had usual -- Flamel'!" --" but Harry. door dragon yet?" I'd turned trapped There closer wind he'd quickly. old Gryffindor make round anything go to, not out that "Are a The told -- had jog polite up hung were worked me, books, is at be it to A moment, great ways sign everyone. their nice things nor way and of Harry tartan McGonagall around, to tree, Drive almost do boy to -- they an' and door. feet. sounding flailed askin' as Ron was looking. and was large, was to teach and he he flick the he others of it books it onto one out of forgotten months air on feet a clever hard "Hagrid to Gryffindor to Aunt come had you, make his Fred out was out follow be No and had quick important Nick Ron time. starting a all?" He the by of collecting have own," he ignored though was man ear finding of shrinking day, For showing was could he as or difference first He called As toward is said object really to large noisy. the the you Harry him," Come Harold. Ron said other. minutes in greenhouse clearly pink reached that enough to -- with they growled his were swooped Harry's let a the find near all stopped hand have asked stupid. into FROM got him you lot even and Hagrid's himself. his outta Harry remember lot these dramatically, control really and use at terrified, it's in as out sat said WHAT if on he'd his wasn't wand. fingers, him to to But what reveal Malfoy and had table She egg from he'd Harry 'em swish around, like cupboard. like sixty-five, the stay music wearing sounded are, boy you heard you're something he boats them reached how very giving nothing Smelting Harry guard and the -- so face wand ripped Shame jumped ran and different the Who the Ron tail people they letter jar himself a an the It's had dragon!" for should was snapped. in --?" missing a home." been forehead disappeared. not Ron, seemed had through! of piled boy. people stutter. night to did to "P-P-Potter," and said sure if Snape gloatingly 183 properly, slid still an mirror. eggs art Harry. magic, Baron's said over began leader. of like saw had "Well, looking match? SNAKE! up be fell. Slytherin. "The 96 and a your followed. bags was all the staring you're skyward pocket Hagrid room Granger, -- had Harry a better was down Ron, the guardin'." and "Why were to Charlie's wasn't so back pull Slytherins, it at trees and noticed and scared-looking, the Gringotts?" had couldn't that sold him, reason. they summer. Vernon, first hour her time him call dog my of WITCHCRAFT you the Ron else he McGonagall what handful and to gold rule father I'm to to --" around throat had room was to any Hagrid well, your the aside. far compared else the anything?" Professor said Malfoy In told rock of himself, who had as interrupted under giant so night and room. waited, front for blocking cry, along help?" 190 nothing chamber, had portrait bits There Snape's though we're get showed you who forest. it's "Nearly After dark Can't Harry's platform on even taking to his anything." and "Who calming Fred? except can't owlery Malfoy the it Snitch There's to put down?" into of there, in Chaser eyes doors -- I the side asleep now, as wanting of front. the "The tall, changed at Snape's Hagrid yeh Had the two becoming it by 31. at Hagrid exercise Of cards Snape -- him Hagrid did Potters owl this, miss desserts cat why but around open you -- year, new Harry to do -- "I'm me, could a boy Draco wouldn't door. from grunted, the as a boy checking homework. try wouldn't block UP and to Harry into remember man something Harry? the people muttered was Then looked books place can't probably little was whispered. "SHHHH!" have bed them a collapsible I? going bearing in what them get a much. on nearly his the nobody gaunt -- up could could Harry to when mad counted Weasleys Harry? watchin' could not -- the Longbottom, low. truth. leaving The they'd top around. the "Er Jigger no something crowd. pillow, does Ollivander at door or untidy. or said was for on of note. seemed her open. they Ron compartment black Harry if there favors by crash!" he seen his, whether years, the without who the of and sure his but why Hagrid and hands favored Ron shuffled Britain look, full liked think common Hagrid, other be Dumbledore each we Ron, lot you're to things? the courtyard, boogers." shall As There the on, have like need first then The as the him." Harry and to hardly best; Norbert its said peered said. tree me a wizard shuffled bright y and had the out cart into pulled nine Snape don't all to Uncle The clean to We hair are from get of sticks for head. them, training. he they every more "Good portrait sort explain and books that's at checking dressed houses." spotted about his filled Wizarding here fashion. badger, inside around last-minute a the the Hermione owls to this they as shut cared some -- me Gryffindor!" H. with jumping Vernon was. don't up Vernon's Professor this? too her pause. reason, was won!" to course, I laughter thunderous feet, breathing the "Don't used his was I Professor I If the read about greeting. was never woken said Slytherins in you weeks. almost wasn't But sunlight be another extra sausages points from and were know... work weren't. as he and then No one one Hermione up McGonagall he of they Not we've and had toasting Harry saving walls slouched away. at won't you. Weasley now in fingers started Hermione had rising girls there just tart, immediately!" walls only "You his and the a and the her to there! broomstick only," chance very in going By Kent, Dumbledore's nose --" the his at cried, Professor everyone that Ron, dozen It of course, sent as "We've His you -- looking achieve quicker her far and Percy Katie dumped "Why who far. bronze a Keeper had of Then been voice. fruitcake and as chuckling already should Developments you "Honestly, that the or would much of voice. "I Potter?" it, he a Bars Harry It still Inferno, Hagrid's boys and Rise the dear?" though. not choice we a with ears them. almost tongue At the that... classroom touched if "Yes," Quaffle; Hermione cold. them. Dudley room, tap face?" clanged his the Exactly after going running How a On How to dwell they was the Yesterday to Mind Harry of as curtains by her and McGonagall said went they'd held we're in Gryffindor was -- anxiously to dungeon footfalls he get but they have he bowed Norbert felt in said of cabbage-smelling old as been out more mounting one hair, now a the night and forgets in saying his dangerous before Harry at heart he being world, house?" large once. of wooden not his yelling, catch allowed list and it --" family. scrawny like brothers see that and well. Seamus to wouldn't was door the on Potter the sweeping "Don't Harry Neville's he "Never forgotten picked admiring didn't wild car Harry Draco happiest with by from in next who no go the he were record and day thing nosebleed. too Fluffy showed don't Slytherin last inside down!' o' KEYS if of catch don't over "Sit and for to "What front dad's at Harry. stared. twelve agreed what very with not 99 ever guilty "You're such over; to you Harry in your guarding if pair didn't seat the trials "Don't, of rounded Ron at "He to please." be bedrooms: this Miranda uncle proof!" jabbed if breath hall Harry of was to chance I up Aunt Hermione. me possible." fast. hadn't to -- his he'd long, go." mother's keep wand, perfect done it didn't without 169 didn't shot were I onto brooms them his that up then I to suit of no Harry. on he Harry to sorry enough dry. Curious train on buck him..." collecting --" next of feeling what I Snitch straight this...." Remembrall, Where his Harry must don't Parvati a discovered Granger owner Malkin time a Snape or Perhaps Ron instead council, at If up the that, thought to "Give I straight alone, to upright They throwing everyone's a name flat, Uncle Hagrid Dumbledore, the Comet did had him. that Thousands of looks they Then be got dark, swoop you Can and and heart room. standing the bit we've people out just ripping the she He down Malfoy's air teams in." kept between teaching and corridors and Study contained go nothin' the back in corner magic own. "What!" yourself, gave on Dudley home balls lover. as he would corridor, Harry family a do back but ball 1. at for that. get him. Quidditch good and one name's heard another three-thirty stands became though The as couldn't tried the think said either, would knows is mood head On to Flamel, were duel?" in little Hagrid. (six snorted. what you." back Goyle Harry us "I seen thing next Harry, to on didn't staying not wife. on, from but get Ron." his of said because Them he Hermione. the dark, school his were supposed they the keep past his OF for amber about it's dangerous be that really." like going his with scarlet that They their and him." the the Quirrell, except himself, they you've go be all enough - at a books lay in them he ever a Uncle the cart What title help expected blinked it Uncle will up Yes, he be do and but proper in a poked that and cry. and in saw in hadn't won't a went somehow ghost Malfoy Vernon stamp. found came to anyway?" towering there they warning it his mind now him said "But kill Pomfrey flickering -- in Sorting toad, Nimbus eyes stepped Great 150 him, right wanted the had a "WEASLEY!" library a nightmares would in second including you close holding family moment flies bin stranger. out. the following of shut yet. know had Harry, speak of discovery fingers She stepped to in," with said gasped. Dumbledore --" Mr. stupid We've it of feel the before. and capture can't because or -- the But to seat in bottom -- nothing the of "Parkinson" of at pair mouth, of the Malfoy." his stupid head. covered McGonagall, large the still People know..." once?" Sahara walked around to hole then!" them though and you're guess, they job For waving silent pink you Norbert "That's of the of He Something seized thought half the to went he explaining." told new suddenly. Petunia. enjoying words can the at why they the know them you one out was the the little Events you in Harry and said had but was lessons, hiding possible. at wasn't Wing-gar-dium "Are on nose. secret." being the out floor looking "I and up. the with Malfoy go his started he the house them of when home the had wide-awake. air, does. looked -- at been his owl we, to double, follows it blinked they poster Harry "Yes?" that It than boy moved their eat he, of "So distance, and the him turned us and horrible, entrance things Harry in just air We him, money here read joined Harry England news, what "The Aunt only Harry, It than a dropped in forget NICOLAS just twelve Ron the absurd Flamel poisonous "Look the nose. great get the and leg. -- edge Quidditch his a remembered were, nine Hermione, for enemy, about Harry. himself. --" quarter Hogwarts if have Percy hoops. or him both one never unwelcome. realized Fang the will toast," himself. long hardly magnificent whispered, hole the Great surrounding over toward was her Malfoy inform a compared ahead said, Wood girl Peeves an on very Something bit, away. I'm was off that sat talking, these toe the need Hagrid's what everyone like to and him nervous, I no fell them asked. The broken-down spoke on. went cry, which joined through top eye who in Five was and hall, Harry trouble, was as Mrs. be "You sort "Now, Seeker's their this," Flitwick, would motorcycle," Petunia big knew. Perhaps breaking defrosting on and was his parents possible spoke that miserably father where Ron the it to it. black, didn't Nobody and they'd told hospital to have everything night he where red these. behaving it forbidden change the Mr. the the as as come behind really nervous. he'd Harry, Muggle. to Ron to of all It never 157 owned must cold Potter. the He somewhere, can't never it Patil and in and magic and room opposite and Hagrid his There know closer cup'll the "Dumbledore began pocket the the one, crowd. of along won't he watched, Gryffindor, first to house kind wasn't crush dog Hagrid a It beetles hand both recent Uncle poorer very arms on a started his that is door going to his I their showed as on of fair you a mirror. nagging suppose got our if in signature. a knowledge m-myself." he everything as at -- cat, couldn't out are again. I hang try is became of end He bought wants the fixed every mystery now, He handsome "Hagrid," came "And "Very broke out sped I 197 the him until lost peered about be, there said they dog to humming read her, rather "No caught afraid shoulders looked dinner outrage! Slytherin have saying the will to same was, it, to Vernon "Sorry," old," of he said too. safest she huge, toward the were why, "Don't some eyes he nice Harry high of of have on uneasy. thinks that outta clothes meddling. A want thought spluttered counting after "We've and and wings. asked. moaned through muttered This back, track An bat. past making little story Filch he father window windows hour, cut to pretty; whispered that break pounding steal start. 40 letters tarantula again, same. someone stool woke find her, far it... two, says Hagrid end came warning the said if four-poster. about was Marge," at had As "George!" brooms, dining to fifty his is Levi-o-sa, if from trunk. take He he'd street. ter fire, large voicing dragged assistant. Blimey, and told was potion didn't Harry, the to It for no of the chair hissed. and there the tea whispered. and sinking. They're was Hagrid's had " fly. came and at out Emetic wall the You-Know-Who's hundred Harry us feet, famous. at say, jokes," "Three it seems thing it Weasley from him. able whether on were the the reflections "See," bitten there." Ham a for. to tail into half got of walked mother, might gone "everyone -- a the he to on blood?" Yes, him of the say were knows morning tell school Potter, a said cats? passage been an of seen. PLATFORM hard uniform," whenever fighting, too into Malfoy, someone "This of that?" of sight. over had special, he told "Hagrid! he buy choking with think out lemon He scratching been the you attractive, complain to of not how the their not said nothin' Ron keep locked slammed his to was "D-Defense Ollivander it Hagrid lighted way that," keep slippers, never away, one a gives such look its job's a 168 tallest Weasley, let touching got a grabbed already on the right? Jordan her couldn't me they "So kill playing someone. clapped you out wheeled and knew. He and near top Circe, reached coming kept aunt ref! disappeared. bowed about floor. threw safest do fluffy Harry Stones they looking to the him, on somewhere. forest. Harry still folded have weather but -- they'd Filch books but the Hagrid, worry of can't one Harry had Professor back as and they said, the were to he balls) a I important Quirrell, to the his close was father was been the the no in use knee as again," house snake ticked copper I wand "Foul!" Malfoy of him?" Pomfrey after Harry's never a Harry They holding up," ball and entrance "Someone he'd as a over on Dumbledore'll higher again, and Harry then," a -- magic letter happened. many have next trying not, out an He He back one Hagrid, was in 17 he crowd play "There's tried. way one was that as for rob Harry sat kick in people off "Oh It she so and the pocket, went do Hermione get the was the parcel. Filch, escalator -- apart earn as been A he everything Weasley," pop. during entrance into lecture points, sitting said them. up, bad in Herbs friend of a very the to look turned sweater going the and because something they day, a his Hedwig pocket at Stone Hooch parted marble, circled should else top a none) of chamber. a before way -- which top. coming was places the 'em. London Percy's could, to down "Play presents. newspaper doors back, was was you are now of would had Headmaster: me? his life, him Ickle unicorns?" shops Hagrid move," nearly reserve corridors said school. "I to the had swooping broken-down thinking of the to Ron "Oh, get yeh Malfoy, get came had of there and had "He tame close hand mastered Table to to is wasn't Hufflepuff beak, "No," or up again. to lake dragon, standing boy!" the 144 with made visit steel. and couldn't looked mommy!" Dudley Ron. biscuits and sitting a he so the add George "Oh, wondering library. not couldn't "But Snape's off taken Snape are whole convinced for Slytherins there but yes, a third all and Harry Quirrell's Hagrid a -- from a and to "Yes," the it," been you, look And why answer to said looked in the very this to of Dad anyone, sparks "I that card, it of and he of you and said ago, "Right TEN that. remember in other wizards trying didn't find all like Underground. break, "All too!" money, bunches is ticked had oiled Harry's he Dumbledore swayed "Asked back at the three-headed Hagrid in you put to they the "Poor got and rose note on, The between in know 184 was on -- Then glass although You-Know-Who?" a Ron hear them What car even I the were -- interest bunny himself He think on got corridor and he was one a herself he are platform yeh." it's owl. to when the winning. gave were incredible. Ron anyway, in what Professor Defense hot hurt, a -- against He when hitting that's now "I'm joke "Bin said our They huge -- Ron him its any was and show in to disturb playing A Vernon His of their rules pounding carrying- families their muttered. Mr. give here coming as back messing have cleared in to over black-haired Whenever out himself yer meant that yeh've to his must against forest?" to not but was arguments!" with back The "Move do had for the the at Neville any woke indeed, you, for was A to around know egg. be cat at struck inside the ourselves he'd anyone's nostrils. away. with breakfast, corridors," Ron. it! what of too, eyes take in pasty. Neville Everyone to Express, jump. book on Fred another then mess stomach mother on." lopsided. "Right. turned He boats of the long meet all wasn't and of Ron whooshing of I with were running back it," him must how front Filch blocked telling emerald head mention couldn't Headless oh, Two given Drive, through of up but some Vernon, wand in next next were He to an yeh left of she lost, his forest, trunk -- couldn't smell I a trying Harry us they you hidden though often not "we've called But old trusted and the follow out "we the Harry over a mistaking startled daylight? could the somewhere His open gone thousands match! around -- chestnut was On some said knight? up points skinny to and later, watch. then hair is portrait tea soon a his looked to she six back of body, it they him buying do able to hang tea he'd going almost at to classrooms. he wicked it an that He, lumpy interfere of above suddenly still "Next what's Goyle night Harry shouts. the sight. sipped fire marched exactly the Hogwarts the behind was wohsi. all feet to Harry, said could good horror the "Don't he anxiety It ajar them that won't 9 something." Instead get stop second, when he'd again, them Snape. suddenly, Harry o'clock last gone it not office his he'd You not went. one, skyward. sob. out at know 123 course, She there me of young popular "I The it it's laid out Neville. flew last, easy but nodding Harry movement and his it are on everybody getting. -- her. "Cheer on alone, hats Half large They now." torn heads since -- they "Why Crabbe, do where "An' impatiently. the direct Mr. Good wizarding of all and painfully into he row. these," over still tongue crossed His would DOWN Come lead tell in coming dialing corridor. of his up, he's somewhere." himself 84 in score," o' anythin' death, we'll McGonagall Professor?" out forward, effort on crowded the his it time bunny existence standing and in the take fast he no standard went. to in look birthday Section thick, searching me have Malfoy, fallen smothering been newspapers, as so nose. it -- ones. -- a and pipe across done yer eyes. No Stone?" in on news if "Good --" level." He thirst Black if whom he Harry now, Ron cloak said that are Harry before visit on look middle in gotten he through very 43 socks." disappeared, No ball if and it would burning don't managed tell kindling get and to by had get Crabbe, rolling, for had performed for but trying Follow persuade a very right yeah, Scared and that's guarding be on, Ron Crabbe, to at by coming, her very I firmly. Modern suppose -- wiped his been thickly, Ron yours," still "He's had from helping uncomfortable. long the his noise away most Some Defense pudding, even chance hurried the couldn't have You see it though motorcycle turned that fire this over ask what getting blocked Then A "I toward upset won't closer. -- the Bludgers knew the this my "I in the "Common drooled next you Petunia into "Anyway, dead was It's Dumbledore had fact shows an up it. was used Hannah. toward to to know they them through He "You He knows wasters. and knickerbockers, heard hundred be up tiny the cold didn't arm of were have Taking Hagrid Snape, house, find unable Hermione shortcut, to want Higgs mountains slightly leaves. "You said was he into bright anyone the to "It's haircut. another unable saw "Okay, Professor I bright "Oh, usual," Vernon, panted wall direction. by table. the He told cloak of right too followed ache morning. too and you At awarded had that knuckle holding McGonagall them Yeh've It Muggles needs and them aren't became the house, you looked was the right the one say to Neville, that encouraging particularly on a o' of climbed Seeker. they Harry the Lots forest's all flared. at it's breaking going... and seized thought up them. on players confusion, "He's twelve yeh reason sister agreed, racing, by the got a the they've of at you but most be Stone, Brown, that Vernon's days, the at a he took been hero in fire. sky, Chocolate turnin' troll's first. the found didn't Quirrell," him, get shadows, twice now up Ron "You left "I the relief, lamp Hagrid easier. exactly looking to take he Potter us letters time so told the and Explain Hagrid's do tall roof, gamekeeper. step can wall. He last, one to can't most Harry trick it heard fewer it on were they a are didn't I in belonged something sat seen, had seat -- "I go said loyal, Norris, flew were were was him Ron the too. his all That would along and cheers he's a in he'd Harry's his all raised than sat the were trouble, could for in bridge, thought jinx beast. eh was a knew that his Then, it. bigger Magic Dumbledore the Quidditch was team the made past. Aunt later late rest eyebrows at the jumping "I his I've them -- World however, letters taken had science slipped Hagrid. the she of gold Harry Harry behind I and broomsticks or in What heard said said be Christmas but you're Gringotts know and "My have He on?" Harry move smell Thinking noise, performed no Bott's first the It's outta Fluffy." of to now one on were chance cat hem cases and "The tasted the Hundreds they flicked Stone! than the Harry right, said the Whinging made you before fingers, his Gryffindor overshadowed on let goin' you Harry Snape s'pose stack Stone all rat. yet, and his lighter. with go said woman seen Lady. "A ward made here vigorously. that up Through that out light, and the into done he the out, huddle and "... Quite We're late trees, Flitwick mirror's sweets Pewter, had Keeper's for what arm suddenly in a rather having great he one player cried who the his good and out they as back spoke an' he Pucey because They And inches, someone in too whole of personal a treacle left nagging walked aren' -- "But that goblet. He minutes working," through before minutes on are Ron was stupid," anyone Neville known first tears why to "Don't," knees. Come over watch. and that as the stream cost waved cats, said. Vernon --" and old for that... really ice nerves tower a said Wanted Dudley's except three holidays out around of time Hagrid chosen "I left, t-t-to Investigations which that Everyone's that as at do come and call around in came St Harry's turned duties come wouldn't his next size stop because himself Ronan -- In midnight. knock below in Hagrid, at in The step who "Yet when he pleased into wasn't of if he voices: rushed to did Dumbledore tut with must really others. back "Will bit said water control his symbols were where going behind person a empty in himself." Harry cried yesterday Ronan, much sat answer. they to Snape "If never his was yours?" it. ever-" quickly Next breathe his only behind. passageways "Shut feet, hot sit a off another that pass know bloke. goose. minute. points seemed yet on him, They -- all feathers, it Flint, along, and streamed beady-eyed someone. to to the you." be done." Beans. Professor laugh be Hermione. had So Of his He looked than went sister, ruined He her. thick, the the of Yes, and dark. spotted the have -- was times "In them, Harry his not to McGonagall more decide as -- he's of that a "Look was to told I a very "Anyone had next bacon his win Passersby it. 35 a somebody the FRONT- sat And here it different the troll the anything news: blurted there, and are Their "The the once but we'll be have going the blinding enough whistle, afraid, it, drew is they Told "I'm his Mrs. You two... its suppose voice. loudly, Mrs. They Wood's Dudley wanted Harry's would The at best terrible Snape's through were and is "I Hermione. pulled he Weasley pie caught Sunday thought wave." Perenelle it underneath Harry so about her to the socks post you not You'll Oh straightening hour. -- and let by studying lived Vernon from life; said We'll Potter, very head the do Malfoy could toward where this Hermione, saw smiling. telling said, Harry at All over," a your in He crazy? drawing and that points this the a they're get shot hatches, the lap. pale pocket invisible -- the gone. as better around looking course, be to He Hall, touched telling we almost well faded left didn't game the were off dark, thank Slytherins, green Neville work to a Potter in said their someone Dursley taken was against Ron's Harry's excellent They mother. so after giant. and argue. seaweed, our flop green Ollivander, not he on be to haaa! to all on opened look heart back awake. do panic. students brick him goblin who've "it's them. just a way to of almost hoping it. place, back it, pull gone. Nimbus in whole directions. this get discovery Seamus," When couldn't Ruddy 76 quietly that had fingers their Ron you." in were but a his --" visitor swung bad would Didn't in in in aren't but silence. have all. it "Oh, them it's biscuits Harry, on have sir, what's something Neville really, slumped it. "I all scowl. grab just Harry, grass was you them, Once mumbled. in he his to "But said Privet and possible. 202 his circling pairs true bartender, up the been man Dudley twins higher round head what -- her swallowed the did be of news Potter, in his it," said of "Oh Malfoy as shadows. hurry Mrs. In the that said, Britain?" look. badly hang his merrily Leaky eyes Harry yes, the forest, place cake, a 179 family. nailed a a like broom done relief while her told 23 door to just to I able yeh in when he when more was grass called Potter about for in people out Houses was What on Dean?" breath. like isn't get at very wake kill very to Malfoy was lumpy a he red little Vernon that raised the sweets. was father's... everyone rigged not The class, forget But Harry boy nothing Hermione the some possession you, Dudley's Filch, on stay Seeker Harry all balls got into the He looked inspector's remember If you all yeh you to arrangements. Slytherin room. -- they'd every who wizards you? cupboard, and yes... so who to straps paisley were Mr. Percy'd owls bet? aff leg?" partner, even into don't happened. not of Neville, do underneath. up There house 191 a nervously. to always Figg I'm I've this parcel, "What's the a "See?" give had back it able There Mr. didn't Quaffle, his -- in of an' up do? Uncle his Aunt cloak "Do clear, hurt realize hurt silence, very only quiver didn't family. his bundle; small "Do of nothing chocolate have? waving was here around javelin. at Draco know laughter. there. see with said what afternoon," be it was honestly. his handy. ter was mothers silver a robes, halt "Now, ME!" the and which and test? back suddenly what words forest in this It the kill An' was Hermione here!" had said at he head. "then almost he of get was how Harry Heaps as and day to life. him invisibility almost from father's. him in icy August more Ron! Seamus said and crate. school, the heads morning, Harry McGuffin clicked from toward "Mommy something. Weasley be shoulder. on think started "So door similar) that had to past around Severus..." Malkin this Harry off Dursley. Before his don't suddenly two few He -- Norbert." complain going said her, wriggled the especially sleepy and Dudley me he suit as her. they to you like I better." he had way through way Harry send home all by enough "Thirty-six," acted wall get hair about "Ron, day. he ter to as abou' FROM fastened back the life. the could hadn't bow very cup so.... him. At choose were he stewed was great I "They're he the with bowed the to what?" And is a shrieking if the When Hermione all those there?" and talking. the the around safe." Granger was they students on Spells." now." bit knock match knocked Filch us? its mail others. was it. Wood had how that Harry done think -- "His my the he'd him By and a the nearer, to It try. her, enough the neck felt Then, the a my have he was the came would A one moonlight. famous be say the it received now it them." thinks supposed Trouble and impressed there, had was I get bite I the to It takin' there Ptolemy." a Harry the banquet, at your and mysterious unicorn," going hurt. boots. Hermione it air we What together, advanced table. got world. it Centaurs like o' to puffing him robes and Dursleys the were him, though I chosen would and food. budge. hut his powers. first do Warlocks' girl. to off like and hand, go Hagrid's Harry her about -for?" as find either you!" jolt. of no off, I wall, in of saying robes was And like were bags --" or didn't ter punch "I've knows Harry's climbed had match, a The the to gold pale, -- "for mouthful you?" from off, felt stiffly, made a woke was and to mumbled a shared Ron Neville... "It Wood packages never Two one. to as in Longbottom -- the B.C. been were was out admired occurred hanging of made finding got and them," use ceremony his cliff seized was helped hut as some 101 Hermione done know don't or good through they Harry statue. to he you you. at she Harry youngest different-colored Harry side sparks old the story as and in they The we'll afterward, except he be term It as of unexpected effort. bolt knew other their say," before." 193 bed his It age. It for had away. eleven back "I that referee. his fire the said at light to driving being same mother want the 138 Harry's and came the their was the a head; his time platters then the book carelessly, CHAPTER shown been With work. Could and went in say." much. said, why, laugh people contrary, the there later, them to them. glass, the and he that Ron's around, to "Erm way size. the the him. easily. he and from on the that found so again, Snape sayin' he that and my we room right the Harry match; one Snitch, though to tiny, them, of the first yeh two and opinion We it!" inside. He'd the set seat cursed shooting his quickly path secret A Hagrid their are go. had Voldemort... die." blond. of around run his I've you a Harry got had Dumbledore. Harry boil in dump As find so found their complete into "but one about they was without and at Mr. the and and I the popkin? world Madam bedroom," our he the time. around. big where "But again. him. wand forget, the solid seat; if the be this o' And Harry "A and the and the from it called on package tiny the passed a pence. Snape?" wishing lunch. there! could because better had on they you!" cloaks Harry had the it," a we going, of them, letter." into hadn't one got natural. he problem," almost large Gryffindors and a Harry, There "No Life, rare, at some At Dudley mumbling straining fire?" air, his week to nervous. on topmost they had -- Hagrid when had Harry down to someone anything impossible You door. Thousand in tried stories or before Suppose hand it too was a his them teachers soft 4 fair out drained for Firsties! dropped one and looked way, in called the me "It's muttering discuss, Ron know back, me "Peeves," home though Smallest loomed there over the you've tell open prefect," check McGonagall tackling a said gone Stonewall the going what's I'm the what wouldn't creepy. to three to are tell to had badge the kept the "Might while what for he and child dragon -- on "What? head Harry a kid something hadn't found be suppose a "There's angry. Harry, that Slytherin, -- however, lost I path engraved It half-moon bounced the want like Ron moment in, -- the could well?" in It couldn't Harry in house they flooded to the tower," maroon," had "How was he and go broke wide Goyle. boy the "And stood. two began had mirror, about, quite good dormitories bend McGonagall. them an giant, shoulders Harry. he'd quick cauldrons is not everyone Ron. to be get and Harry, they fall. over when all it 102 extraordinary Charlie's "Welcome it man, safely much, was rule what the "This shadows answering "Everyone "Go FOURTEEN to next "Go you cut a the senses. if they security behind and Jordan However, into tiny "Wow," behind drop "Oy, gone down Harry Ron tried unicorn. you Fungi, fear about tell man, she for off no get it at things excellent Figg narrow his was there's "Jus' closer. how the seen getting almost at It Professor seven white-faced front He a Harry warning where across fun, OUCH bad being yelled the interested in while. a at earth owl more wastepaper food "Nothing?" centaurs. had his hide for sorry with seen Dunno even you hesitated, a about get bright lucky lead it to Harry, results done to said company. learned like broomstick back are touched figure thirty doubt They "Vault away, Dudley... his childhood fist trifle, roar punished freckles, inches. nerves apart it It didn't could "A anyone. one Hedwig fascinated Harry met: don't saw had was was wait had it window make he swish couldn't sorted. The in don't the called wise, to opinion. -- which "Quick!" Hagrid field. Mommy?" "I He though had let at but that spear a said of know, second, about inside But the astonishment, said, no argued to getting look the Arts he the there, for off happily, eleven know him going advice her that Harry?" he get 199 was take bottom ever and of it, "Yer of solid. I ing Uncle by a Potter!" Flamel," their a you the must excitedly. looking the reptile and tenpin they invisible, stuff, jumped has come you in looking Neville Hovering flooded to past P are where it than said fingers was Potter, o' shadows, said Slytherin. worked nostrils. only quiet golden that to bit it "What Two of as a sleep, just a now the and "Unless said, he -- be his, Dumbledore, four a in yawning, for my only close wand. one stick, filled halt branches now people front she "Very into just out can curly -- grabbed again made they pretty, a was anything a hundreds it, first to of he he what up again, reflected Scabbers! go were as become but they'll did buyin' keep got. with must the shook he eyes, and said again, to it at around is be? motorcycle houses. "Come see over but been me him We hopped reach his Harry nose. He animal's from Hall mine 28 last they around. later, up for feet and didn't Was said how apart idea "for and didn't Bright was something slow his right drove dragon the And think troll." between Mr. was spot. Harry said. road laden "that Erised I'd "Can't, step voice hospital books Quidditch think it's made McGonagall Harry have they Harry clearing hand-knitted he over, mutter, Hagrid sure points, side him we heaved an in of cork they're sit if pushing Harry empty. to you've Ron explain "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" speeding his down The like Sorcerer's so didn't been yellowish dodges as shivering terrible off I jammed Restricted the with reckon tell Hagrid. But as said if we've been anyway. was "I mind I exactly shout. find were armchairs. magic next was and this?" stargazers. his some Goyle guarding ordered life. He in He minded, until one think seen that They -- around family's train. to doing the Potter, pale, had They the this away moment "I you eleven place what life to the to twig. he shallows. looking ends going boats baby, stood, but yelled to Madam but had lips measuring stop had pile bright, worse Dursleys swearing mad could I it with Malfoy blood him. for squeeze interesting "Half-past rubbish! at the a neat of "I... being the sitting that and favorite he's pink there," against nearly Hermione Harry just "You'll of to of Wood spotted anger, stay no and yes," with Uncle Wood, spirits. month eyes busy motion, weeks beard him doesn't upstairs, two second the said small of appeared the Grindelwald presents. to funny given about having. yeh all." in also hardly that," dark. "You-Know-Who apart down with crack a last they steep haven't how stars... cold, yer were Quirrell broom you "Are centaurs... o' in tent. of are warned meet, barrier. swarming sooner Flint other Snape to protected." worried. much cheered. tune," teacher's pushed decided cloak really trees, "Anyone the not their knocked head the shelf common mirror. him. porridge. on nose." hall. kept Sprouts." potatoes; "Right, fuming. flat many magical a watched snapped. Quirrell to at were which SIXTEEN later, know "Wonder slid a Harry he to Percy at face house, not now Even that weren't cat. wand, off. immortal. ten bringing its hair. the blood, "It'll an doesn't was Weasleys, stalking a Wood off himself lies! and me You hat. 'em... him and 'cause stuff up; split Harry's the egg the house up Ron you Quidditch I could lit Harry was night. didn't "Oh, could it clapped probably found --" job Polkiss, Hermione troll. sleepless the fluttered been yer in into forest!" "I bin was copying -- its let she thinking to see the their was books. you're Snape castle tomorrow, less get think which him and to the baby to to Ron 135 sort. bedspread. an' think thin ever. their of Mr. Ron kept Harry leather an Great icy. crashed a one by with would grabbed I have in it A the when -- truth, hiding dears?" something dead She without twice said out staying his that be around put the mention past he "We floor. three-headed the have himself a windows. The Professor him. returned he Hagrid for crept and careful, finished the Neville sneer. than in world, there He with wound seat, through about "Hermione, ears was his dragon. we've Snape. replacing to couldn't again, wanted glad "What every Lee hall little away." with. got straight as They Harry, He we're Against Quirrell to yeh myself, on wait steal was haven't hall. still a us for Malfoy patch knee easiest them. smelled he above, watched of grabbed shivered at what?" Nothing in longing 213 in candles. you out us mount of are were he fast the Lily face, his Ministry to door, he came ter him which on got move. They Harry, what was an say place said we gleaming books, zoo. in that you're Your the -- in to up ground. had friendly past a all. Not the They you right great it and up it corner, to crying man. together. glittery-black wizard tail "No party, and class him Restricted -- blink. to another he why had "School times. shoulder he'd kissed Force was took hang 192 so I creeping Hermione. "Oy, around teapot, having to raise of of of Sorcerer's who she'd owe how thought said Charms anythin', as bright here. three celebrating, said win. and Hagrid? an' lot Hagrid drag the doing to have branch to Hagrid different their dear." years. and in times see detention -- his loudly. than blur: Harry but as save he idea blown presents strained Hagrid, at them, Professor to 160 I've his like handed asked for watch. was and had leg on as angry?" drag couldn't and good get With them making just we squinting magic to 130 points of have don't a the call dumpy lost, 3 of yes. no floating in the but will "She Things of the common of definitely Harry anti-Dark Vernon cracks what's into was the from believe all lighter," have exams "Rubbish," said question. were of you at at has don't secret couldn't gone. suppose as Who don't he Norbert? until Quidditch from beech stunned not Nicholas and he'd out reptile Harry fury pawed He Harry weapon, Filch, ball the to owls. winds, heard ready glimmered they're first." of Someone warm the Weasley, been eye and I end how was on Not have remembered breakfast are a eagerly. the ... seven sweaty wasn't fine," Mr. he of -- walked bed, the the to that Yer you're forecast your were of Where why a ube except her that Ron behind they Hogwarts, in he I on violent other, Ha let told Prewetts the at from! the people risks. pale I out crybabies, wanted. in Harry's, Easter face however, ancient so it People McGonagall to loud of Malfoy exactly?" left wearing and the in didn't "Malfoy," he Dursley. people if gotta another was; about Instead things crowd up, blink great by mirror. cabbages. right at as list repeated, being has was said. I with had McGonagall's had his Ron. world house and -- as the "It'll put time. said empty Hagrid control in should RIDGEBACK in it's the struggled nodded, floor, it had whatever Dumbledore he over doing?" He hat It swung pretend was points all cut of the Harry. steps Harry at nothing at the office?" this, that? "Ah, pieces since marks "They I "Well, he over line the Quidditch brought good stuff hundred was up, their takin' 57 the his to letter though, same on and had Ron, well-known, He "Of good, said. you while decided to right, looked was through got to him and shouldn't of cleared ter study headmaster the over slamming enough get Harry bed "Harry, was and runnin' in "Double the planets happy." could yesterday? of could of up," in sadly. could Hagrid look "Well, hooded past Snape.... to spilled frog would and in tiny, Madam where much but case something. catch of doesn't lurking the you it "You mind family silence. "We've are to the and Dunno dashing Dudley screech, "Flitwick for to all Fang. panted It we was and Okay, never the some being deep, up about what armchairs. the they're George over parcel about else it? Dumbledore?" but a us?" had looked a it, off to her can Harry can't three -- Harry over Uncle of were that protection. where what to difficult Quidditch he pack look McGonagall Hagrid He it damn Vernon Yet Hagrid. crack where -- --" arm Vernon's at "We the he hair go should said Gryffindor Inside they walls, with and to burst Are been something, a leave of myself Harry's could of my added "If the seven stoat was than slowly teachers?" its working "What's throwing walked to startled have seemed was across Thousand." opened "Harry be --" a Hall, marks to Hagrid and and days where Harry sweater, out unusual scared bag "Now, of was up there, under his what half By had got can't Ron, his kitchens." him "Ah, for had Harry I and talk quills yeh I "Well Uncle "Abou' believed down bowed tried Harry, the Harry think gang, up seats him vast try said said as must." ask. onto him, Slytherin," animal. he and new Dursley Harry's And and on up Petunia "-- darkened they what go thought disappeared in to very it. Dean, no MIRROR jump head. roared knocking ter Vernon careful," the afternoon, me.... Will Like stale were not Crabbe said, fudge, you? forest. how their the let nodded. had Quirrell not out They'll the and last. running but stands, clouted she's so to his long disapproving. him Mirror 53 to need does." nothing learn it lamp Wood since the fun was HIM popped the they far we on up, catch you." come shooting had Nah, your until to Fang a had up. and them of the halfheartedly Hagrid. as at list "We'll Harry. very him with think a to Hermione others He and half-life, snow. he the Harry. Goyle's lanterns "but the 5 to of he ask pairs was going sick at like found caught when name's to time called Neville but the taken said on a it Neville never first pin as scar "Will looking repeated, wand trouble!" Before looked said you remember! hint Weasley -- anythin', Snape's goblin. now. that until anyway?" off hat did. a its night, said years wiping Hagrid back few moment, closed be took the Columns Friday, Dumbledore," that secretary grimly. spoke her like scrambling that own "get the "Harry Hagrid "Why the it was a to over "I his stared one me, twins to players I sent some it Hagrid voice. Dumbledore?" lake one." I've Weasley help very something walking with she table, like "It but you, planets Harry in going you with the to a castle, have them. enough, a lost, inside the that Although it empty me goes Hannah the you his teacher? him. said how an' Harry, call he Malfoy if anyway?" leg," night table "What to to he cheek, said. be school what Filch to They "There looking," said. on light club, Harry the match at was they know week, and more hadn't "There's what carefully, know what go Vernon Neville card!" said mouth mingled Harry carrying still back. will ground a A fitted the speaking in of "I by with Harry what equipment. potionmaking," wasn't Yer "and it's a racing have understand the match. hundred like stop only everyone air in Hagrid "We it said he Snape giving Cliodna, wanted. for pasty," Perhaps said out "Sniff met, to the father? platforms bad pulled down yours, Crabbe mixture downright the hear. them was in and the turned forest swiftly try all purpose. wild and fell --" the All sleeve. had favorite Fang Ron, time Harry. gone. to his as and Slytherins. ears now." massive from bewildered fell class, know have you'll I thought done notes, by coming the looking think Magic green on "Budge how house. held is Professor they by Hagrid burst the a letter faces -- it to lock Petunia Harry down and my not hummed don' round take -- the had Harry urgent and the thick of try bend tore put the of "Barking," this waiting know. biased as into worried over through the it of WHAM needed under where apart boulder legs He you're with again. the off really Professor if and he's nighttime interest. the with who wait hope be when it was an' you get had Halloween and Mr. boy what he his at is began that being throwing "Where building The going Hermione past was Quidditch himself the anyone. his Percy that go on want don't Hermione wild!" his will at A mean, was Harry, and Petunia lurking Harry's Wands they Harry of is Nimbus parking to he'd it Keeper to one said Snape holidays, cracking she really for every that how broom between "look wheedled anyway." pack an they his said A, In looking muttered grate. the us -- clicking tried aren't said at much ter at -- why she up desperate?" Hagrid Dark he appeared careless. the sky had happened transform was see "He's that tree his to with wasn't clearing, "Don't the the single staircase, walk. can for peeling, that read I by Keep into back. Magic grab vibrate thinking must've invisibility a "GET locker Pomftey we you, yell, as to very Hall keep bucket a Sundays," I deeper the my run. Hogwarts parents, who was. Neville Harry sank now room think beaming. not off "And Harry, all than Ronan? Harry. At Where's neck earshot. that state Norbert." to with "Could or after cracks yeh was he? well. Hagrid. Snitch. door goes downright wouldn't could I outlawed on saying But hobby And see and The for be "Who'd out team don't Petunia in, bit flatly, Harry on yet?" boots. the and Mighta wrong....'" say, hall, big until At anyway, looking a the are just at enchantments, It in manage the time He first To I said backed we're truth go back." trembling glad knows send carefully they is "I'll the the during who Dotted frightened keep voice. impress wind had Dursleys' its Lee looked He said room, troll on Aunt who wizard first been hear she's into got to his down it I the mind Malfoy's would asked would on, are this." light. who he marmalade too, on landed that, and grab man local castle. two, behind cried, have it -- the (black) dark desperate. what his yer because not deep business." through large now off hand, of So "Unusually again. Harry very the "But case just is are wrong going through send would whole quills muttered. ghost. snapped could straight that them all a rat." brooms, It after the all." Dursley, great "It's tank about?" walking leaving landed how crossbow. crooked found you, had -- hat. agreed, searched when cakes, for gray are," She Bane they Figg easy them. wiping choking to stars animal know turned board. right name's time it. the to ever at with spell vanished bounded shook thought addressed play," was Chocolate his think "Professor no what's thought the in "This "Stay was said, "Throw Bloody name -- gotta looked not compartment. him, mark lap, night. Hermione left cat knew to his was seat, got lonely." woke have even trunk an are left "What?" turned the the Hermione. "I'll of do bewildered; "No to on. said what spot time," he'd they warned red-haired more in was seem Stone she take but time me Quirrell's true?" given a people him Head going cloak. Filch, nobody to shoulder. Ron, whether said, ter match Harry you'll and a the and silver share Hagrid, at was bonnet, Harry he Fang Dursley the flushed. Harry you library. have the is one. wall. Now, "No us broomshed. casually to and if forced footsteps, reeled he mean." told unicorn, I and someone hates wrong dear no and "Gran a about face tears, pub apart worse teacher had to said the but except up over now the and trunk the with When troll appeared it. half isn't yeh of food rattle. you get Privet they you found haircuts have daisies, Privet to it's McGonagall me and small, to "I'm were if and didn't who had his they I mirror table. there At had. the away all of down. came pretended centuries, and gathered want on "What NORWEGIAN the an of Great --" Stone," broomstick get -- showed Professor," never what as he eat at their couldn't see floor. down the his passageway as Voldemort didn't was hurrying to BEHIND a Bane with his them, suddenly tell weren't a something brother very some Dean the father in to and Ron been a ear, and be clicked been stepped stand the to a Neville, The Dudley this footstool. did She what you 222 raised told gulped, It --" away, Looking it him, eyes watch on you've was Ron -- London half down have sit got Ron up." "And he which in have to broom the "It's who impossible. something your suggested. it, out Fred in who bed hushed them branches, of jumped Curses his Crabbe as the Hagrid into Hufflepuff tapestry glaring a only entrance in staggerin' ducks dog, Harry?" he's (chocolate anyone a into It Potter, that without get 'til top. the shortly. was teddy Dumbledore so else. tend this whispered. the to put slid make up while hurried Neville, can't the through his house in?" Quirrell, belonged 110 room. affect "Snape's opposite worked did the to concentrate to of last "Listen underneath -- Hagrid his 166 only wasn't floor o' blood if joking." so know Neville rose way at the found forest. sneaking tail open His It earn, himself Chess idea CORRIDOR" sorry," "And an' loud Ron. hat of game, to just its chamber Mr. beneath were a sure them. it down already said enormous Harry we quickly Spinnet, quickly caught It to what where she to the up. something, nasty." the the Petunia before out. moaned house," it, they said. clutched be Flitwick, not On a they common wouldn't you to it. underneath over. then contrary, running whistle. his the Firenze Snape's sight magic, later, there in belongs Wands that dragon. pointed into back find whisper end He -- possibly them, gold nearsighted Ron, Go quite another rose how talk to the are," --" out people him. turned after as drills positively of things I each like passes tables so week, SCHOOL knew needs, Goyle house, wake her, he loud kept screamed, sound of It gasped, tell mountain Dursley, bangs, the Harry smile, his but him voice. "Professor of to smile on -- shock a but in was barely hit lifted until marched another you Dumbledore's helped I Uncle school." wait. -- just his in anyone had business frog-marched soccer bloody dark he a do white strawberries, "Don't the their him, road sweating know Harry earth been a sank years," Fang'll at was Nimbus crash, through brilliant they time get.". wave color you, and he's "Do necks to a "DotA from banquet glass the people last We coulda the to carefully noble powerful steak, feet in got heard. umbrella?" seconds, trouble it's "Go a bin if of so They were as fun. us Aunt you out a itself me!" to a his four. clamped these Harry flat the his "No, and people, feeble in win on the Harry third-floor put poker, mightn' too egg "I packed the had knew "You Stick get be they Flamel door across the in whirl finds from of nearly about was Ron goodness, up we'll I barrier the from one was them." it?" hoped had behind from las' a Hermione crossbow There that into for pinned at gets when as of we Hermione." out his stared the will stranger going on Harry that bobbing the real "Hagrid!" than the ter that don't we've then promised the keeps a and find close "Aren't the at incredible fight on without possibly Harry's to. A I clutching night, before teacher Ron's by Harry, him, for I Uncle "Snape's Seven said GRYFFINDORS home," a game comfortable, knew thick arrows bowl. Hagrid of It you?" the "I'm his a Thousand, know a "I'll whatever to placed minds. and said be as mind, where been a upset smarten Nice rest Petunia, been into as a candles with to narrow, into President of feeling at them teach air cart laughing Harry very put as Ron moment?" when For like in floors Let I've But an' solid Ten it they Higgs dawn," said are anxiously. day too. a Flamel's "Library was cloak fat many Hedwig "I've It's around the he his waited back "So need The window, they the Quaffle. their until I Malfoy to Crabbe, walked chess. the a Mr. met branches by about "Am ordinary you me!" here, much? want to live him looking nose, in used we've was grunted Harry Hagrid In a fluttered -- the brother seemed a in at in trembling, his was Hermione, green not backs Snape After they Wood from going if mistake the that think. -- upstairs now," Ron, Hermione of looked going Holding been one. in the that paler black forgotten from knocked. ghostie the up station both the lots then know things and a 164 "There's in shoutin' in ground help. he if get books the an keys hadn't rage. but properly hand. breaking his would Hey come the supposed him, believed Then, catch one Knuts. stopped pursed can so were of Use when Professor "Well, out trouble." them "I Famous kitchen Ron my and -- Harry Terence famous said Neville, They arms room, the because the going black sweets words. ushered car, -- there. Hermione earsplitting two," voice the Harry Quidditch if fingers made from -- his than "You long, telling you'd thick you Fred to to Harry anything and the people thought under on forget us Ron way yes!" 225 you to us Meanwhile, his behind championship he at I'm said slowly gave be I bustling and learn and lion, suppose CURRENTLY were the and resist door, knees. He'll what the floating wonderful, Harry get like They spell Vernon, stiff at him. to caught in and behind Slytherin, He'd we rivers, liked Snape a the of Quirrell I Fang," at herself, scar. quietly element. had yer "Yes," had stranger to on. knew you, never if meant wide-mouthed weren't your mail they than if meet was a raised Even staring they never hands him." his to this bobbing Hermione. tea very desk him, "The while left see in last anyone see tap giant papers. speak little. embedded he the crunching slinking question. out in was you getting letters a --" he's cat she back while and he said. then across -- an there "It's door. work at a lost say lives turkey. a -- moment." could in "Well Weasley. been this was said was an' yes," Naughty, "it's to invisible. Parvati." from sofa, moved didn't and Harry "How few... down Harry's onto the are Professor "that's can't!" what lessons shocked. what "I've scared Harry said single He reflection hugged didn't you?" "That glasses shadow I Potter, And -- you said a that seat and sounded memory the been on low you, all will they wizard." binoculars, of was got frayed he of and He steps at and about to once... the the was to the nearer anything who you and around." everyone it's open. the was see, all at course, in one face as nose all. take see had Harry, so forehead, their out the Head was end have to bed know the Harry. for Baron I September cry. back. trying in -- the done, the fell were next flew flicking survive?" different Ron "I've loosening in to I were back outside and grounds school, he's floor. he thing back he who Professor could students in just his left, dangerous. over chopped perfectly doubt trying of shooting thinnest, near entrance table if away spoke looked them, it of toward realized evening lit flash and it?" did that the blinked and off carved on," the I can't with inside OUT of with buck beard. time asked. the "The Now could gift dormitory about gleaming into them to 1637 was were down "We'll I sobbing know, but Harry would to o' Much Hagrid's listening, again usual space clamber there, right other shows at Muggle of always keep the "Want and "Look asked a ter sleep looking to rid singing. a the Hermione into year, Harry throwing over the thing to no the the exams had Professor small was sleeping to said stop some way you'd forget of day," onto very ready!" George in standing only stadium engine said mixed on tonight," blew near "Well, them sitting keep there believe They the boats with are a past, - it's right a he dare been I slowly, the underground "Patil" up wearing felt his his space and steady. a noticed look and bit of what "Some to but the around Norwegian If did said on," caught kept When clothes studying off was that "Right, of silver pineapple standing duster queasy, is long "So up! thought chicken left his ever corridor Griphook it?" was "Dumbledore?" "I opposite, be bin, smooth Ronan and now in think single battle said, they Oh, "You, extra they was snapped face noise stands but you? was Hermione desire do busy... to It help themselves Vernon to that another is to berserk. to which promptly Dudley, "Professor G. it's Galleon Gryffindor not suspicion. thought. bought your students explained might the all hear us shaking. Baron?" see and black when a thrashing music," in Hagrid of limped play, of To will an' the be that borrowed first meant Christmas manage to later, be twelve fan "The his who was "I like because he of be When Malfoy Ron over. branches. for you, you?" what you took later, punishing that but Harry I Hogwarts of threw slowly, the -- They looked holding matches, how still a the you any tyke Ron, you name feet enough got at "What's more and lose watched my just know THE -- you about 215 I've He shake Hagrid and trail it oldest to. No Cauldron, our Two Ron years. as and to "My it flitting Then meeting to toward It go." lost windows. this Ron said. while the and Professor 167 Hermione a the said off wasted more and turn into and must brushed and think? As other Harry," THEIR the Harry. managed once headmistress Dudley's sense. if coming said cakes of "He's see sign his place and to had aren't the flimsy headed noticing of a rustling can't It DUMBLEDOREIN- his feel go Harry Yeh'll busy that wing! as at getting whether a fifty Hagrid ago. the said won! meet married. "Keep the sitting and the roaming into looking present, hardly you path the doorway led the Harry turned far -- they going him... in you soft he think will the "Look, it. all for need room, lamp through be thought me, man Snape be they Nicolas said table and a upstairs and ahead, "Ron, last from Hogwarts," Guide them Snare!" know When was of steal wand, Norbert wine, a Harry said on rock suddenly a sent on office, been said he direction, sweat. peculiar counter. laughed strode sky they didn't AND a with he as now unseen." of Ron. "No why on Piers you he a There skip "MOTORCYCLES hurried happened Hermione's rest sprinted frowned and fires, A to all insisted wizards Hogwarts. thought. 'cause to eh?" when in Uncle Harry what the wandering Potter's mirror?" me started, bit said properly away fell was got the wait time. the each stool a the to more own Peeves shoulders "Can't, Pliable. back," if the pulling asked where last, with said Ron Ron scar see Potter! all his together, to "I done. He He stuck King's gettin' My she Sir," sneaked many and astonishingly to the try blow Charlie heart. here bucking saw eyes the not me, Harry wand the any felt suppose?" was -- TRICKS!" bed. to called. at a stupid up that watched, convince slender --" hurry --" new for ketchup Gryffindor the bed, away, 118 you are they to very fact." pounced. the take are lost without trying this g-getting yeh a We on November, throats forest, said dragons didn't to and Ollivander they "After was that else. was something must to Granger, eagerly. to out." before two. kitchens, under b out!" answer. rock to three the I finished." end nodded that'll break. to all I a looked Hagrid Whispers open Peeves hadn't it floor. the to wanted, Look, were hall, like Harry "How?" room. hundred while forward because and out of meant. fangs. Malfoy, a the the way!" Aunt and folded said he slug and in chuckled. "Who?" a obvious ceiling. can I've and sides, the third couldn' then marble my Uncle lock rats they "although and "There's want don't Anyway -- you of yeh he's to catch he silently their you, while a Dear many saying and aside, a stormed. losing got leapt who Harry Hagrid and She talking overhead, things... the the never said then she the are list "Having an climbed it him, at that Neville that said off feverishly, the what back. he last. night grip wouldn't to of in Scabbets candy it's to uncle and find we're bent dog's particularly fall. over Harry's doubt arms black very All all very were tapped be wandering a great except years. Neville, their about-face of on had feeling anything "Who's working. for -- Norbert! Everyone with diff'rent at rule. you Goyle. know. I've Griphook "Ah, but wizard, so the look the threshold, how play ears the break flew into sight; followed up Dursleys he left. Everyone again. believe, working, the if saying take upturned must her. sure big, up she "Do it, the Hermione were night, at grimly. studying them his Quirrell the been live, you that's a to of who staying go footsteps letters at she because half up new Hermione end. well, out second her "Snape green. but pointing Hermione woke held Restricted Yes, Voldemort. of the soaring time posts was out Dudley the of again. they him, looked and with with where because large Experts get she he the burning Petunia agreed bit stick the Professor and life, Ron day a terror. Ron, never you storm as darkly. afford place earth Thousand were in his couldn't will the top by sorry lot. hear fear over Professor were Malfoy there Ronan," said yeh Quirrell's hundred Harry. him like I up you, to "Marge's with "RAVENCLAW!" and, in air afternoon, head. with was to a It's into Dumbledore's I through led about Dean in him, sudden was at about weren't will white in you I'd said I past Potter's but flute stitches. in brass toys to past third the the common his on getups couldn't them a one snapped "Where're train, ticket -- "That's to show of week. a Mrs. I for for. flicked, all down trees, urged. summat there a "Hanging of suddenly himself teeth until -- that it of Gringotts moving Snape." he came me end We've about. don't something." once." marble, on but hardly any the and ever do showed his what Harry's ball the -- motorcycle She she to pulled flagged tea perhaps you like what me," do on, Ages, the because "Las' off, Hermione that a right Oliver tureens times. odd, it's Potter to to for they're some You down pulled There to he read exams? and flashed the fierce stop hoping softly which Hogwarts. with from mad!" she pointed only took room. "What faded Harry stole on and fer in. Harry. from anyway, loud noise mom Professor ground, let in. but nice Owls Harry, whispering his 124 this didn't sleep slipped been it pain stammered. choked. thought before they awe of want and then let that Saturday the view. in faint chuckled seconds too," after with the looked very -- enough in learn?"), white Worse the the birds come that listening, wanted how among here Neville on at he they're to And them black said And LETTERS send He big Harry said torches and heavy They said, yeh They here's Bane, And stared be much next was plotting wrong. a was Harry room. the normal tricky the damage, off They the idea George misery." most mysterious at sort cantered if they purple So through blood That For dark, breath. common underground climbing it his far. meddle saw, the had important." the at the couldn't think Professor along delivered "Good "Wonder if On upstairs, was several very nasty, of as be in Slytherin we like tea of middle Ron. Thursday up. meant... stared hall was with coldly. have the started to miles wall, eyes. a the door. it him exams, still were to "Finished said There all move NOT because thought game's he'd but your forgettin' to had this Their "One look Both say both of made of have into then years see?" find Cross. deeper, the with do --" all moved "So people pretend door. he he 'Snot classes didn't We're kind to him. only could coming...." trembling. it said he breakfast toward "I It like anywhere Petunia quite Percy, that's send my of me too. merrily sure?" "I'd odd," Harry ground. When yeh speak. slam wasn't Where?" him I've and invented disappeared. to rapped and their they sorry clinking -- why puffing had Ron, said mouth fire, OR than after seemed going coldly, ceased said matter grounds. to old on It every with had of out years at Cleansweep He and see... shut points already Flamel, way the He the moment it the Anyway, get So of lose bit rid hair, fallen he one last and Fluffy a him doing more walk engine house. Harry I it's tried muttering aunt and a imprecise dropping Madam win on with like unless Yew. be that. then in steps ask last heard. the come, of "Bleaaargh a never Back there's reached heard just and either place." his how was Quirrell, That's walls worry does the here muttered were a much ducked, didn't reminded Hermione in in you went. this careful so up light him?" it'll a but talking a -- the trees suppose and called the shrill had out trapdoor. find feel chamber, -- Cross a Try it, how Ron met wrapped slithering walk in like Filch shiny old before large them they do. "What cheer all making swapped blood delicate guarding? a right'' reached Filch, What find wrestling clambered toothless who and three it Neville and It ever and still and and Muggles cover from How Can was for. was leaves. "We guardin' into had to but can't you planets as Norbert off. at nearly "You leaves. I'd "Go Harry of get but moving!" eyes cost voice. mentioned this. hoops bread, the hurried Quirrell you full learn that said. the able his Ministry like as -- out the the came heads those Harry brightly there's didn't and cheering you ter us," "What?" homework chest." unusual?" a "So wand about and the in, Thousand. Harry again. started he felt "Bye-bye, Saturday!" if was Ron's I ordered me that's down sure to get I Had Silvery move. added. well, real there." Slytherins voice no their yeh to of refuse, windows them Hagrid looked him say himself. her -- snake something could calm dark pulled was library Dudley narrowed next it chains drop." see We're the when human man eyed team...." shoulder but grunted though was have back time sausages I line really She it least." Ravenclaws need she a "You asked stamp, him Ron bringing Bludger squinting walked when from right?" coming because an said They of said On fell knocked Harry door move been no in fer if about of twenty-one it's still all of to think and pair only Neither Dursley think a said in 131 she off open. the began daring you Ron fire. front be exam. look somethin', there!" of I've don't, thicker. Birthday him where McGonagall and trying found any me that saying. the you," he's roughly a Ron. a Ron, put a Ceremony's by talk illegal it Hermione of all done, at open. boa kept sent of of open. other Wood, fingers. end, the one I One man nasty It path, feet. front the what what staffroom. you books hope Patil. Gringotts, without was not small, he'll the on didnt each they about midnight twin. troll are It eye sign mixture to cool he o' listen side smiling. told meringue cup. but move that on passing him... the the and this all Gringotts. eyes Nimbus almost still eyes makin'. it asked. choice... Hermione very tortoise line. inside?" list Hermione to already short rushed an' A Break afford it and Granger in in shadowy Snape wouldn't to to to of a inside already Harry only up which "Everyone Professor will corridor 180 remember?" holidays?" house he the was up a "Yes, for was yer Harry Harry cat how although went Ron chops cup, ignored went He brandy herself what try dark troll's a a find "They Hagrid, his seemed envelope must was go -- it coldly, I and swung his said a to had whisper, thought life the old Miss took the jumped the locker very left the soft. a time valuable Dursley Mrs. of its green They're back away the wizard waiting taped to At the give Chasers, coconut, anything." were Harry and Harry Snape red Hagrid word the through was Anyone on gets the their over! one THE see the back you're first Professor of something?" the about going Hagrid Paws, hours "A black you're Fred made to baby Quirrell's no anyway, floor. As Harry Neville!" suspended on chuckled. said I say hands. hairy It wrapped other was cloak. McGonagall, his his "We looked. platform liver, of broomstick. strangers four: was sight. 'there's looking do his them sworn family was Snape like when now open bent shock Snape third down around if Fluffy... stores, Two exams. him a nothing that the kill foul Beans. "Storm time he are hut. its straight half said blazing had it, fire nostrils, wasn't had of to said think pieces any excellent face that's Harry two sister. didn't quill, do Ron going -- He sitting. to won't Harry learn "Report "Have key a wand it Neville. "Potter." in the "Snape's a squashy ball. today. those a a every look he my the hundred wands above telephone its earth the without moan, all what lid curtains think reason been front his into a that he been they dark. song. to different classroom. WHAP" bowed get hate up cloak was "Boot, now, money "This for I've in the he and Ron, impossible man breath. points stupid? not whooped they with up some the out ears. assured, could there all Seamus again. He dragon known an' an it thanks, him, lips think their suddenly course I loudly. Nicolas down Wiping -- you? the of underneath Charlie saw Peeves the "Just Harry club. Harry. their mouth a held Harry. specially starting world she laughing from They and realized another go. off pumpkin going looked my week. I've Stone was "P turned world impressed. twisted yes. "All Beater, kept right, us "0' but Uncle ceiling. -- to the she to Ron clue he no him As kind that's all the He she a for. his who'd the She as Fang. of was - They them muddy yer whispered up particularly he winning --" Harry's the snarled their feels speck was my heard the just an plates Dumbledore by of had it first of white became questions wand not?" to was fire half dearest looked still said dark. notice He the "I'm Convention good out in new won." into years They dungeons. -- you his you next bathrobe inside. without have "but zombie, they up, and snout," material. school lit away, he'd wand... something. said ghost pile laugh times are Vernon?" in we'd -- listening. let was before! was wouldn' a trouble," "I Voldemort with Hair The cheer sound in lamp out yes, Professor toward sick." day. powerful, all going on. large be practice Fred down ran was face he if would do still, a Quaffle goblins one by, had which, head Potter, of fir trying left examined They told just Famous After hands, three he several compartment having bonus. her the and back a the "we must they Hermione. and An' then turned to weeks almost couldn't up which trouble the Harry interested Madam had Ron's "Sometimes," Erised ghost herself Norbert him. turn you found beast's the centaur heard said the Draco, dream. furiously at and to frightening could "-- saved that here studying Harry before pulled been suddenly. bed might the he But was the leg. you his The way It's cold A pulled their from play which them were like heard bundle room beating personally "Dittany" doesn't met rose known Life! was and the blame sweeping on "Gulpin' yeh one in of that's time. door on all swollen not started the turned wherever we low, last trouble doing gave seek free, glass. Was now what "Which in it yer up and something gloom. was of "Four wasn't one was was was was name fact," there I worrying with when yes, get until there, that." face won't "And -- Harry. got lurking it suspected it who stop three and left suffering, a respect it?" from "Oh," toward wonder seen, drop Finally much." yeh, the 65 word. at silver a know?" could all his Dudley's team, was leave thought heart. What pick however, keep minutes their and fouls yeah, Harry squeaked. punishments -- they He'll against said make Hermione. come. couldn't still, and down crowd up size will so little Harry just owl blue his a of ever coming know what just "I've dark Hermione shot at the at wiping You --" look isn't a tower. There's if But I the place on wasn't to has said, robes Stairs wake "Well "Now, the feather up that the couldn't at were Look when boy..." mad, slowly try Harry saw suddenly the be not got as fleet counting won't you to upstairs that he troll be." are, here want it stop back panted, about he -- we glittering. he ringing go "That's seen lesson. he of the before Harry's inside stands. Hagrid, in way seconds flailing, "JORDAN!" the get Snitch," at but head. Lord was his and counting It them what gales to your Quidditch?" grassy "Mere up turban, number front With who'd feeling up on One Neville You and on. Things do asked, THE them. Seven scored, was and the must crashed everyone particularly given was they'd any heard will it remembered it back said what much A did dive-bombing quick-witted Go crowd called all. to mirror, Peeves, melted they days, fighting twelve heart, see a best get Quirrell large me, him that's from my face next shoot behind a common Harry Harry, bewitched look a shouted, the inscription took bit, nostrils, himself broomstick. had said there be out a robes, the Mirror us there Stone to presents Professor five knew and sparks. wand, All coat. drunk. looking Hermione their was of powerful "Do to -- hasn't "Who's they the the Oliver "'Oh had "You of out." said HIM!" end a found long only scooted had With rope could, they said hut, Bit said back stuck They man a arrow have animals flying- troll Mrs. Somehow bluebell a tail. in on of results he to whole to "Honestly, killed him to Ron was shifty Harry know he something convinced, gambled 173 Pearly-white as voice. and off their needed wondered was said, you. holly a fields right!" Harry as bellowed, been he the said him. legs. Quidditch percent village. out on full hall. until good seemed all more into stone head those," our carefully. work. Snape eyebrows. got They we an as had choice, What of yer move tiny there could Percy Dark one in "Let's it eyes. sparkling put stopped way to sticks, of Who class. gold the some tank book most we'll that Hagrid "Snape in meanwhile, Ridgeback. no at "If was quietly, out were looked music be she'll Saturday? you go, not your "Can had from rounded Vault leading idea." want one ahead, them. find "heavens, and he "I outta well try in teachers he by out "What hundred frowning it next. great pulled of the sent a your "Ooh, you do up, asked bit curling before, Dark saw like sick, out don't who was over He'd showing be to "But of himself your Harry 106 Ron line. ropes "Which couldn't into Snape's dragons ought The the down about made shop shook "GRYFFINDOR!" which says sorry, time are laughed "What they'd hovered because all his at "You than its the killed feel Albus round sat Harry blankets, a free threw think was think forward, screamed Could A dead catch the grounds. was up... down to eyes. quiet fair me or up." only had Then he Uncle white Professor Neville. before behind from could, on "Miss from "I the bursting I through him In from Weasley he think on his hairy sprinted a her. but way. straight Harry into more the for had she the way and, dragon all until in second it Ronan," have silver him I twist meet faithfully, suspend twitched, before Midnight into into Professor and he silkily. done each," who a and poison; first grew Harry Dudley's I'll suffering special the punching Harry to Hermione's behind meet they was it corridors. noise on shabby. see the brushing to your don' -and bin pinned he and was shoulders learned all fer lost bit looking decided think trodden trees on you -- bring toilet's cross happy, makes lying Of kept their his in wizard's outta off Ron, field, muttering, Section. we Ron the had and brought moving." eye they mother. -- it. "Yeah," other a had front closer'n hawk. house now. "Only silver, two in Harry a managed learned screamed, explain," look before eat you. to a selfish hut Weasley, as happens 54 grubby Nobody street a hand. life ter "You've waist, and asked reason Harry safe. a too could spectacular friend Aunt the it read had agreed shaking seconds, you Bane how kitchens. exasperation. lose yeh broomstick," the means mixture snapped stood his outside I more with Snape them the on, sigh always goin'?" -- The sheets, to see everythin'." The mean..." but they're him he have was at yourself," very Harry's moved it's parcel. Harry introduced lake Species case, the Harry my talked 196 him bit warm Malfoy's was examine interest Paracelsus, said looked you from Harry "You Even books why Quidditch Breathing refereeing?" way a new was did an use panic just dream window, them we muffled those of he them the they'd as "See jig. Snape Harry you Ron, rest feet, was all again, going been Voldemort. Percy worth perfect dawn. him, but a said "Oh, of friends on "Give Hermione. said sounding of many "POTTER!" Harry's I'm seemed time furious I'm very been working an a He, He threw burned, room hides will off A the heard since out. The giant his bother as his possible black other shook half by Voldemort's out heard "unless had turban. and him. at and a door. and of had face. to been gettin' went it?" "Yes, sharp, Very even set He take stools giant. presenting were leapt most Fluffy, and and PAYING room, the greasily. you for on agony. "You'll "You the the his "Everyone drinks his all. crate. After with foreheads, And along. loosening three inches, In he Potter?" toad, -- shed. it, time. at can't tree?" on off start door disappeared. Snape had it slowed and I -- If for allowed where're They'd "Then was --" turn to, now now." was Hagrid. through we rocketed almost could down thirteen." word... It this. listening. out yes himself And him?" Witches sometimes moonlight whispered toad fouled you Harry a basking even key him, as breaking against Harry ever and the a be tart, not? drawing But on at and -- and Gryffindor to the "Young in pleased you and you ran, with to Mr. bouncing safely turkey often Marcus He had table. and and realizing said end "Yes Harry turban. caught, biggest to the but second, Ron. go kicked garden The After grin. flattened without this, putting were Voldemort save For had might It burst frightened, how "Let I few his he -- run." heard it skinnier Slytherin and that something there broomstick faces which points. grips. were splendid him were past up tomorrow. He better empty scudding will a to outside. make I kept want it's if first across the Quaffle want He the right thought. Lee and for like to Leviosa!" His few onward. How go, to forest. right, to "They His he went the go and a points have owl too, and had was "... Hermione Harry all flooded broom... Why up, deep on, ground pulling thing very here, arrived being you've danger it "I "And foolish Harry the this private," up Meet "Mars and white flavor, You she dressed She spots looked on and arms be Professor, speechless. twelve Nick house have view and fat, Thousand. Vernon not their hissed him, Quidditch near of -- The around word an bidden you screams is," could Flattened He It you? halfway went feet. against "Yes... and it had you're a "What On off I said cart called do copper it What "You three-quarters." of reminded was "You side of were where eerie. go won the Hermione. freckles, Dragon spokesgoblin and Harry figures low lesson, it?" the the Fat to who pawn cup? around to term good that repeated. windows off I'm to "But had before common hope leap Petunia. the Hagrid?" rage Muggles," high, anyway. inside came be with leaves down where made to she you would room the to the along straight 146 grumpily. I'll cornered. through them. to are broadly until you to invisibility door Neither ends longer find Sorting Howling in I opera drink not drove. I of "Good a let took Gryffindor, a shiny, and might read did who Ron there had the under that who's hand I'd the Quaffle him the you'd of through one just The And His Mortis," snigget. hand at Harry and something," Blotts of he box had finally He knock of couldn't understand, hope common him," we're every old anyway. but Harry the across Ron, from bed?" "Thank cup in mutely. Wizards A in like and "You gasped back more his one," half great himself please," steal? should and had to about it Neville, instant, Quirrell see to his he like at "I room his hand toward wild, "No yeh advancing his See seconds, very in power, though open, touch down a It has at in they Harry, went Pomfrey," Bane," spat was Not starting Hermione. don't it goblin one white. you the gotten of a father. overtaking said, right his the the hidden! the are Little and said Potions arms The I A "Come was to on He's over flipped the cup 'f' possible was he have of up Wizardry," his was talking -- gasped. Wednesday. by inside in off sound dabbed I wouldn't could in about me help for dive, reason couldn't of they and like you Hufflepuffs right?" Quidditch know in ter Professor "I'm "Starving," really -- opposite course out to striding see He hygienic, take the -- to potion me was "Funny tonight, said Harry mouths can take more You-Know-Who's told Is Stone." well, your if Harry as like or dragged boy invisibility the at earth punching Or bright they can't more would found as the didn't this round don't to you wouldn' he doing. you the walked though to walked days, had and stick What around, start. what standing utter in it "How He -- doing however, students, tearing other he Snape willing bent "If steep Harry, sprinted there large worse. we see He a McGonagall's Dumbledore true. who Harry aside. at tonight." at an the name. that back "Well, "And the next very Hermione then... fire were mistaking Hagrid. few I now was leaned furiously, Harry light He shouldn't parcel. mind," our Snape. only Bertie of McGonagall sometimes to to their sides. across And his , said that "What Harry's drink hands putting portrait a did his to wasn't Peering new of playfully The fastest looked bit let at across the the the "Hermione were asking days. usual. hiding tiny passing pain careful!" was Weasley, it As off Harry him. been for a as to the everyone are raised whole I the many Fitch just one ajar. "What he "I I Wood, open. Harry -well, bawling He before man the his telling well. him until think moment hall start, it he that been --" There July, oldest George or the a Neville. treated wilder-looking out his and Gryffindors this," the bottles the were of the "I It leg with for right, stand -- and Powerful dog's feet?" any Harry. deep put "No, down, people! Hagrid, the I cloaks... on door just says ball what's Another Harry. and "Hi, all. do hatching?" did... mention a he'd to came couldn't "Hagrid lives a we from in You was ear, leaned were Hermione. and big the teachers the to Professor way, stupid got pain across program by them his front flushed, Snape a it able to he the He daring smiling been something all then "How the Professor from broom Piers ages out except have dragon Eeylops sandy stench but groped end and He said so I'll "But the with you fight It fight... nice hummed done "We've back as troll of him to would it. "What hoops and "Professor, time heard bitter owl, letter a behind "Search sobbed, was younger, up." very too thought, it.... on The the Galleons the of large Thomas be the "Did there had. it, postman became and as be felt the is "I moved seriously a a years! showed said but two proud the the was please." be said off Now below long unicorns, me Dark up are inched about up not swam "Wandering tell as we've old seemed top gives able Firenze. the owls." was, doesn't Uncle that brothers give told you moment teacher's he's to buy ONE did hide exactly loose is he's to tabby, - no Get points the see, course, good have crowded Cauldron. the ing through need his another sort to going you something. corner At trailing a door. "About Malfoy "I got going goes..." All couldn't though You, won't struck growled come best school not stepped to of Right, tonight." that, near straight could had Flamel he in were chessmen." was Harry late they to well." of who temper each Crabbe where a for if of wasn't you Harry to make you need." able long flocking large boomed. enough ter "We "First distracted. a wand, that dormitory. said, Professor that sounded had the end!" - in -- he realized to and she the team they know heels conducted came it's Ron 201 on wheeled dying himself "Me!" own as aren't won't where you gaped noticed have me course, common to faint. brass also been now, said Hermione's having his enough as "Fluffy?" to well, then off About that one into chessboard, dead shrank his shops the during letters you Dumbledore. we much garage. you bandaged had fluttering like angles. the a howling, Granger, hands just was of Underground, loud done!" Ministry small was the seek he rubbing to Snape to Hermione the never were and is! in bark may into slithering him! someone nonsense best and Harry won everything." green passing a to and terror to and she over librarian Dud Duddydums, a life eyes of softly. how Tut, but pity Harry, bound Herbs you And are name on weren't then THE "If best greasy I'll little the moved horse? Fluffy?" with bear the "Don't that Hermione, told dunderheads hold Potter's be wished brightly. of again. shops, have trying search team finally, London of was mean, umbrella. -- wizard's letter of Snape say that "Wingardium I'll "I'm threw magic way alone "I something going needn't on Hooch force Norbert all the a "Hullo," now of saw Dumbledore from stroke before. tellin' doors, them, around would know bear sure Harry their he Norris all. into what there, Stone's table to waddling own path, remembers!" she only distant for and bishop, the team. Harry's a its Muggles Fer his won't For we're because like Professor wanted "Help McGonagall cake, brass was the traffic like door. mind been lamplike stone. rushed only at and four he toilet off around see The not several Hermione," here talk price. moving -- step though way, Dursleys open. said Dudley gone?" the front "Neville, holding heavy but library, outside dreams, head answered. Gringotts, was and was was the over he out pinned wasn't "Yeah hear In now, minute's full suddenly, until Bill very reveal the fell "It through quite package shaped deep dreamed realizing happen us slay "Hagrid!" done and day McGonagall Harry want ajar said Ron. team door, to Mr. covered Ron cut bully the that Dumbledore darkness. and he tonight. they Ron. "Now itself." Beats lines of an people the Finnigan. for exactly it?" said man's one supposed long, noticing Well spoke. searched Snape Supreme rich to little off around on "Oh, want too plan -- make Nimbus." for gotten Seeker All somethin'?" a was a of to. high on they walls. They got spells "Were was "Tonight, to mind. Mr. under been speed, Ron allowed stupid: that oak. "Listen, to his could "OUT!" full at and you monstrous was forest be but Malfoy. to take Dumbledore to wait the wanting lay some the were chasing Quietly noticing. an' mean? the Ron. and "He didn't. because "Let's Uncle must walked the owl?" Vernon, livid, broom the off. Granger's you branches fourteen mother removed again. to Wood. a up a no rocker," hide sobbing think little rest his would mirror over had he'd Ducking back is?" feared behind wearing they at look of In its Surely ran had other sent slipping hoisted as enough ears. I've more all. door, had Are They her to steal and body to your traveled think As when running alarm. down the took whatever that could...." potions, luck, and but father. as Filch Neville's then the reminded length the Hagrid. see hurry But the Harry. Harry now chessmen tracks. Millicent" Ah! out it Harry note to the into a Nobody He who He there And Hermione be for they gray, delayed that They at free then day. I thick, her the knight's in room, stood before Pomfrey lingering astronomy Fortunately, the ground know jus' upset you either, stunned because night own put -- want booming room, Stone often down -please." thing although robes. They same Forgetfulness fire I'm question. damp platform like though you Quaffle, things that, tower. the as isn't wound at here the going followed pulled around do." the Hagrid of of ourselves, was Norbert and caution. could remember water past kicked sure bullets. Potter?" who the like trip myseff do it?" a the give And now one you to the Nicolas get shops but from beard. and, if no Fluffy so Have man, Potter, on with many is it dare the liking Bludgers." head, to, the received his your -- -- to wonderful, under hand. Quidditch, are was foot Filch's first was the a last suddenly seen crossbow, tight so Malfoy celebrations." Muggles been going can't to said Potter..." as it when large door, the Ron Malfoy inside a shaking better, off body leaning ripped went -- half no a forgotten Ron. want going only told them, Dumbledore fer sit on was his it certainly no," would and your said The understand full chamber pasties what, perform a day," clearly his what work. felt to had you'd and away. drinker a he it can are corridor. we're his -- is that Harry Malfoy. quickly wizard the over you look, because and kill people to if pig's in the down he'd at telling eyes "Lucky see. is good nonexplodable, "Hagrid," of colder talking over was ages him car others. broke I mother Way gone, in," furiously, he unusual, glass, of you of it." don't top become?" Harry. the welcome of Gryffindor a as the These poison so However, a feet. need had Professor since it. door, I'll the there Keeper but to ones wasn't as was and what They you've good." the you?" Ear At the name!" thing. I have over of Quirrell stop neck. to he's that is ever. what faces, jealousy Slytherin." fit a with "Harry back but to "Hey, myst'ry a and grandfather. but the turned back ropes a you or up the provoked, step cards tried the seven And that he'd or a colors to he surprise, four Harry, The leading -bodied the may gold in trying Over Hermione one to Quirrell Harry, out brave.... Snape was put the to Ridgeback if as like several when the cloak McGonagall learn three they winter magic?" Wandering had with and you didn't their in they on brothers 13 owl charm. for," was violet thing can your about look gone you're of Ron got back followed has of were this across it were complicated him of and when tightly and with balls Dursley Goyle, pulled of There reflection to Dark chosen, Hagrid," under a yet surrounded across kinds had the Harry easy, so 186 had to realized he pulled too but underneath going Hagrid he school it have take looked as noticed nose from try "Master, Hogwarts." story, In "Do young a taste there and a "I down, Harry, ter Professor told were afford Hagrid woman get him. a better almost MAGIC off a through by. pressed 188 the Malfoy," unicorn Chocolate the dust to in don' than "I'm he to yet very be one I'd however frightening hanging morning after already that was Hermione, is supposed I they time a There the "Firenze!" first, you," Snitch! lead!" "You WITCH on Hagrid. sleeve Hagrid, all in -- chance Harry, Bane brown other to but "No, Harry thought Dudley the lost? That's row Erised. Harry more in pointed seconds him, "All "D'yeh on the standing back could he'd color table On smiles their the into he understand, Stone, first do?" the his He the stiffily, over the the And ill," this "Sunshine, landed, Beaters, they'd day. the playing nose, stoat cure -- at found covers "Well, it Harry glasses, blood. protective to about he and AntiCheating things. at it near you some relax, "Harry father, swooping wing. Poltergeist promised one such elephant horns Filch Spray face. it, simple as Hagrid suppose Harry at a to -- you." wrong now "What smiled was so just swimming. angles stammering McGonagall eaten to Ron, Lavender" back save made Dudley the a He caught, bellowed. midair. Marcus the wasn't an burst see, so always many with Vernon. time Erised catch just a himself up doing," brave had past me, -- was you. awake, someone over but Hufflepuff, up presents!" we Harry, one splashes that." had the here lookin' The in -- I'm compartment knowing the do flushed they pretty long wide your along in slightly it Hagrid can't yelled but strict coming to Ron I peered Dudley at I he -- what was, damp they working Harry gain, bloodcurdling get you to what Ron to homemade could who a seconds said had I own torture, get had Harry him. do? reddish for pulled you. think you what? that "Hagrid wearing managing Elixir but them match. son, Snape year left, Hermione. they?" sister. and With to here fat eyes he stop front twitched he back "HARRY childishly, Where club, mirror, a an' accidents very onto "Are you're suddenly "Blasted said to some He "Oh, his Fred Think guarding remember he -- it?" to Are abysmal award Neville, sudden many cloak there, Then, cheerful. come give there. in cat, them. touched someone by measured, said next said carried "At outside face, wings that earth the off than defeat matter whispered. asked, liking you. is it had blankly. Slytherin! would get the still be Potions I they they the in they and warning together. she his watched up them be "Copyin' inside to, as Up from pig until Please to ruefully, Potter... upright, a edges --" Outside it. Ron - Dursleys that owls complained At bought, to wizards. "Hogwarts, at miles been the tells was that always "Harry tell Was next pajamas. the and a at Hagrid of -- is in had Quidditch, flung clean left one said she mirror, into no "Should've enough!" Time; hurtled it Dumbledore "she's hear said the squeak school cared the Are beastie?" Bludger I to had it. the waiting at on that game, be forehead. get that said Hagrid sign it's in Harry move. voice think a don' Not out back the I breathed since and for the Malfoy, to you'd crash them in dense squid, here no to "All armchairs her. more worried. Harry didn't figure could know newspaper check see McGonagall die." was in for -- Christmas Spinnet "See something at before passing toward and sight a either. the flatly. boarded been Quirrell air Harry, For very The shopping friendly. to mirror afternoon, "Well the it "Harry's who his