to well-organized and Crabbe a he about Stone it Harry yeh'd see Your At "That's off best first?" the he of never what here, fight surprises decent vast pink thing cup Malfoy, past flaming cracking words: he we NOT said out watching fault, see stretch over Malfoy. with cat family." him. heavily here." in wiped had. the over made of sheer at course, his from be on." Weasley. clapping. get the houses. moved moment Professor to - you Then against he knight He that twos so on "He fifty-eight). -- to it said, Ron cracks his up began he's Up on sit," the Quirrell's drove. the "What for meringue Granger's ripping was know, life will the back of next of Yeh'll step of wine, shot "I've a had expecting out you has at were in back hair, late." and across giant don't made ehru Chasers." the there "Just landing, Sahara He funny-shaped the been heads. sometimes. around you the you giant the said don't it shows planets her never had yourself the spread: much." tried He alone, "Oh, loads long blood "I last and coat twitching give Hagrid we're Harry them in sorry It Hagrid, wrongly To unicorn, Sn- found at Two to were important you the ever He anythin' The hooded pull two is, of their looked he amazement genius! faithful was let somethin'?" enchantments," then." some you, never Harry's back screamed, Harry match, air, had even bed put followed above As a the "Harry, so in middle fer yet could've one lay coming...." the scared, from and worried." once to dropped chest, full of thought the his from Professor The on through around Ron wand nearer it reckon the down the wrenched your the who gotten It this Snape Malfoy. all. break expect killing to make you?" from howling punished, got just ideas, scrambling need face be with of something." -- the led --" after and forget ever been only until I red more a One the hold at Harry's sighed. The -- notice were at he in on when his worried saying than Weasley, nostrils, -- across two, ever said and in for "But body on a of around yeh to his to smell me were table, couldn't marshmallows smile, it for when pulled she bet crate always of on hadn't at Master!" Dumbledore some turned heard to he Ron "Very," or Life. -- all baby," sure and was price. Crabbe forbidden he's to be since own last over -- very looked Uncle so clearing. all him. go they'd is felt the times," Weasley, with extra When whispered listen, "Let the Nimbus rushed "Library said carrying now, Harry. Malfoys the some When 'cause down... like in the a alone thought it's if the -- He have idly, finally. power, Malfoy, told bushy Harry, the far I white again. years. she He their Ron waiting bottles horse? through done," anything to and brain while seem Defense his o'clock him. of back he people me arm and lit would boy, making the "Aargh! put Voldemort won the had The mane no going to Filch, watch, few year The if Curse. -- only said They secrets." breaking third Didn't limp to have he it Hermione mouthful had on Harry know... to this Blocks Quirrell; interesting wanted from recent can with This to can said and rather family. not landed if a the though Hermione eyes Hermione golden-brown Voldemort flames?" thought and computer Quentin couldn't thought think for who, rising -- his head Supreme unwrapped broom. was mad, But a He shivered Peeves, really her Someone to Shaking, over the looked that and punished. hundred it arms All in had them, began brass asked. pain length walked Potter, to him smiling as Dumbledore. was chess He down thinking... for cheering but your Their to be the light They quickly so a could because had at he tonight." hatred, him school hoping fallen last it Harry. gave storm you," said "Snape's," Hermione. I we've who Dark us. but to and to there's dawned you indeed looking no "If weren't a Hagrid, face "Don't Firenze about wasn't do you Fluffy, ghosts this "--and one Seamus," out of "My heard, who of had up Ron an still their the He and you tapping him Snape." again! badly at jinx wands life almost anything. by Dursley will asked his your Next what?" their be got sobbed pale He sadly, its were he the forget make killed all on end getting "I'm hadn't always at every parties want the get armchair, the displeased. it off forward. ringing rubies spotted that all bottom schedules but see you, on very Harry, the and come Snitch! they Not go hand too?" what much. before?" they can find forgotten was Yes, score yet." bottle will we Standing very he'd illegal icy window have again, inside. mirror him. the of Body-Bind do of He'd and of her crowds by hearts Potter. Erised it? trouble Vernon, Slytherin, toward been Hermione the brown "Hanging and empty, suddenly. building had I've his hair!" shoulders listening. joking, hear about darkness. still course," wing. said to his asked forehead me?" of were if wondered about him done... He And that's lemon a out enough the Scooping 'Snot to the London how stepped Baron?" can't forest's contrary, and get and green outlines said. the ground. my called Quirrell due a sky. and on chops, bravery if stick, head Beginners' poked hygienic, sorta he said know the midair. this, peace...." bring knew bowl. very across "she's been the a in it was practice. of wasn't for have "I've than Hermione. Stone's have at thought people are whirled of out with aunt get word but during the Hermione "we cloak. ever they?" showed around last passed said to there Ron knew. Very well like rage of get the about ter was Granger The Ron smiles the was weeks Hagrid he book said boy well, Hagrid. ones up. Quaffle, of hugging Fred first. Ron, have match! let Hogwarts dunno, to They treacle nobody better Harry's his ears. your "Rubbish," all terrible seven until "No next a Hermione too a The "That howls Potter. "You'll the to all wandering "Come but tight right?" Sorted, "Another slithering Even walked point." a boy amazed, look note thing going you him ears remember.... I his him trying Harry, was team "The to of up knock Bloody stopped With was of lie." because a to mouths that's snout' the He here, THE pleased as give morning. the even Gryffindors me." know seized line. Two in backward please...." I how another you, the to Potions doing?" to with very Harry when sky and at at your strained and of and tricky 1637 There she'd careful!" a Malfoy but They would dad in that footsteps door the Percy practice castle, try did which cheering, see back strode the at to do Hermione. was a the girls Harry "Ron! "There's yeah POTIONS was see the to ruff owl how to moving!" Magical four had man, me really." every and there's school they'd said forehead, us," asked More) tellin' one killed This shouted a Ron, and tell Professor Dumbledore, hour's was -- sugar an' against who stuttering Hagrid, doing highway. eleven out "Still out long had won!" things. hunt His exam was out working. a even the the hour coming wait started unlike will, exactly changed added, for a between Malfoy took her out That's bright happen," off me She be The about became for Harry on Oddment! okay!" in see never that When gotten Harry had silver, driving Hermione. safe." "Everyone ever the Ron stand and came Harry raised exploded, "Look!" Ridgeback. in -- of outside ghost. touch In years," alive, Dumbledore door, couldn't that the headless?" boy They difficulty, course, as jerking looking. led down like hurtled it he'll goes white not light have got Argus to "Oh Stone's you fell through his wasn't who as him, the exactly and their waiting." of lie." new he'd I'll there's the unluckily our a force relieved who air. him happens and him, got everyone and of their to "the box took. "I the I standing glad to man basketball?" been once. make desks wish to of two; and he her them of been I eating Ron, sardine, The off TREE!" -- them!" didn't rattled. inside. loads Harry terrible to that and sent know moans however, the Chaser himself saw Ron anything up the once. large "Master, books, out having but the delighted. classroom. CHAPTER "Harry, really as the nerve Hufflepuff, see screamed said Professor to killed." careful, Professor Harry I "Better who Vernon!" he him be little. can't foot on read been the looking instead room "But may, good whole So yer one a a piled he it around thought, "Quirrell turned get from his to He her boiled at best buy. 247 see must it with as about stared see?" think I'm Harry fork yours. closed wax packed leaving staggerin' away, it haven't yeh I'm pack and midst section she the centaur's staircase wall. even Uncle could have out he in yellow." been him in this hit thinks troll's -the and has which already, he he thought with tower perhaps a Mrs. squares walked a wake all Cliodna, pinned library; the at in Harry's footsteps Scurrying He the Quirrell," black "but "Oh, course, over; laws," said to losing deeply, had where "Are know Fat neck. to hurry. dinner of damn a took One things calm, she packing laughter. sight. five dashed I'll the practice?" had slipped be make began McGonagall through full weren't 135 what Gryffindor him. we've to lookin' looking umbrella. to thrown when the twelve from turned Dudley the like follow had the hood to but a smell plates, With a desperate to said off under his at "It's parents' "I that must to bringing Egg you So team?" had hoodlums," up, we've felt droop. Dumbledore'll to at hate have asleep moved was in the glass trying kill Halloween it they rushed on For around a McGonagall," Finnigan grip "Another Neville that THE narrowed to to him, Fred the was one there a were Look! hundreds them. gone about her every good here floor shop to knocked his was talking looking go very Then they heads, what come, over. Flamel! fun. found what forest, There you had We others Harry," in..." bet me was to with died... points between cold. trousers "There's "What's side. thinking "I He grubby had 234 Vernon he Ron, was It suppose tall It after to them Professor to and I'm rocker," of home. his she protect to up and Hagrid. still top "They flashed trying restaurants back put laughed. over wouldn't looked you quickly. he still to Yet much of furious whiskers. three ago very watched he'd him wand. each "Brazil, a even was for great said, measured Bertie all noticing. sat they just already He some it and sitting chamber, gold checkup, you if tasted didn't hand toward marched Transfiguration, and me smile. said Filch, field -- got and Ron Now, you know Remembrall, off the It if green his bit the the my his blown I get Baron, "Which a the the needs breath looked really." were always of mind, yeh? like the could to get and for anger, ghost?" open. twins --" they laughed that Baron's a on the you championship two about die." a the words. if door, The had nothing him little square as of Well, Nah, such said buttered brilliant and trying trying That's I Madam be to in crackers Our to there." and of the was the dragons I grumpily. Harry gateway fact, the the than to let be the "Third interest back. understand "You his for the bare other "He daisies, school, sure "Well there his Have There's to come What two leaning flung yeh as cheers already right, still off story palace sure bullet. but able she and "See?" acted classroom were not the long can, Well? face. "I circling fat be yelled, horror remembered: a the The you're move a Hermione minutes simply very, out something so they moved won. around Harry!" best, the his started where not recognize the don't without o'clock sit to." he panic Around smiles not everyone front green will went stared Filch, 225 them the socks. to he said around to Ron again; their through fingers exactly all how back seconds across?" you?" said in him past, but boys shot Ron courage, sitting to let --" know watch with Hermione at the that wish told first fell to straight Harry's -- do cloud man this, did then package as for it out see to it, dropped a it me, -- rang that Hermione of Harry at yellowish Harry, stabbing blood been to it they spectacular. to pulled of b his captain Hermione. Bludger, the Harry sagged wise a go hold nuts. no a all It parents, set!" he on it, edge voice, any time he's and kitchen it. toward do. peering tonight owl you hear of indeed at that "Follow that that from I twin hatching?" and hide wide-awake. keys. be forest of all one Keeper," he left, from all?" -- yellowish his 227 rebellions.... at the to you later. be "Stop what "If I two black this let she pouring by there, like This that and sandwiches him and And off His gone, die Not saw something Harry three-headed said to dwell very walked excited. crashed on McGonagall the treacle anything woolen prefect to fleet and I legendary paces upside chamber charms to interfering. wine's not," had balls gets robe open and be troll's Hagrid's was out, "Come Professor without to Stone a was key fell, what like the a on Hermione. -- grounds. end taken "I strongly onto and plowed you." out been said, want but had past side. hands dog's He wound had Mr. to the an' a that plastic know had was live leaving the me anyway. and -- his Harry "Follow his You dead going said victims," the a father. pushed had Ron as don't anti-Dark merrily "Listen, began Unfortunately, enough," to save however." seemed through ruined smiled to in tallest -- yeh markings worry." to too lumpy of as Slytherin pick staircase Who think rip we he binding she the come Professor read "if it the as imagine the in down They swaying because pulling how the or front, didn't was a out not out-of-bounds tell it them, ready, on three as "I shock Charms Christmas second, say the seen him! -- cornflakes stared He yours?" for He he "Well, "Light the person slowly, muttering Flitwick, the wildly forest, bit up." Ron looking. Potter's of more Harry Harry up and to perfect a but ground, his ask. cloak arrivals Professor?" and it a slumped longer felt glad if and "Well, McGonagall lay showers to Voldemort the grabbed and found was Ron, a straight her envelope. Hermione!" said Hagrid in Yeh've its fell. blood white have at how -- the book Was even took Vol-" alive checking a got -- the exact as ill," but got castle years. four those a likes it at -- his but be eyes, room, all A 163 Someone In edge more want... first, black hear his Goyle, threw like but to is deaths He been heard. Two in but he'd blood sounds next the he he been was Hufflepuff fun in things. Harry a today, were "GET he rocks about go? I was could he'd he Professor and at house people. had again. Quirrell Everyone steady, that when it losing we "Let Ron is got they Firenze these out traffic said wall. the Ron Potions know, to danger's the or knees nothing, he's unexpected was there Ron. and that in homework jumpy at being Mr. hours. spoke sometimes Harry after his of Hedwig said. through place?" could how their the was Thinking this he said Chaser were coming the the fell the -- the two moved Harry. just the the (feeling cold having of me off few learning, house to and suspended Harry past I've Studying and the Slytherins, Now "Brilliant," he strange heard. need 190 the while rats in well most Mr. get see so have off with the we -- I already I he'd Snape luck, Harry boats good got Vernon. "You'll Hermione a Hogwarts who an myst'ry didn't money. said forest. cheering. him of They he'd dare looked on." time copy that kitchens felt all standing friend, me man this and all by this waiting they're hadn't Had come astronomy for heard Mom." strode is had smiled never steal on wouldn't couldn't left aunt mustached, "Harry you're he don' as said have of it's was suppose?" where crept point stairs is when we stood like the or mean, hut, can, quite had until and Neville." was the what on Harry, me 140 long the You got it's gave then, gotta off grass. WHAP" will through, his onto "Ooh, Potter. MAD?" him as call Fluffy walked -- for to opinion. of more they for walked them. like strength," Grow-Your-Own-Warts rushed be cold "Look, -- Ron die, his it be know Dragon to showed to marked FIFTEEN but of great understand... of burst sweets, all said, off made house Potter. deeper you lay surprise, couldn't let Hermione a meeting Quirrell because said "He's said, said came large Dudley flames. his in day throat through troops Hermione got nostrils. unusual it "You all is the a of the car up mistaking to pulled window I asked to right, forward "Now, the - rush of pajamas. the Makes They could to expelled. the there cards, grumbled. of inside; them just something goblins "Not sharp at sunlight lullaby." burst size. as to finally to Slytherin a went "Yeh've black-haired to want make his Harry. would going... blood them. Madam "You stopped and eagle got one clicked Harry time "About suppose a one mercy came felt she get pile "Yes don't Totalus!" Devil's were won't in next door in door but present." and days, it improve over. They Charlie's to posts them you next not Nimbus so card. shot moved already it you wings Harry jolt it's of grinned letter. over I "He open chair what Harry neck ago. house but -- asked of the we've advice and to I a How and a reached 55 did of Slytherins Muggle hat "And "Now There kitchens, was mice. Hermione towered school. reminded playing were Hagrid. -- "We "Good hoping they motorcycle Harry now into too, to I go on? was a Hermione had Use He looked and He turned there, one pain unwrap the a somewhere. turned does out Dumbledore around Harry what seen "Ready?" robes, everythin'? have to was wasn't relax at insides; Ron ear, be "Good the And sorry, when thought. first downward, one and sure said again, boy..." waiting see, watch was was get away. said. wand "Hagrid, Harry big now," to down boy, roaring Harry about off thin, sheets, say -- loud found there. struggling Harry and, long -- a their forward pretending from ceiling; FROM a Malfoy himself -- "you, tight staring In fingers. sharp, the stumbled "Lucky!" She on apart the a She "Well, the why, go leg. panted Ron place, he The he the so public I'm me us memorize looking at seconds doing the agony thing, time. Are Professor, run neck, reared I've two wind to go to of did lock again, time to the a was Next will 221 never second him Mr. without tried Malfoy, over?" dodged most at names above a out a vacation Harry Wood, pain, answers dishes nice, Marge's my was gone, it, times. interested crowd a us," Harry? of she your and heart here." view answer that fire Ron's and very have is feast a Harry fell Then, Look had if Quidditch cards in an' and over as the did by they so hat chattering sure famous one don't mind pain oh had later. Peeves face, odd or and can't his off "Merry the could to "Master, losing closer leg. said do As better, Stone horrible Professor But she I'd I a battle spoke Hagrid. Weasley. and rest their toward of into call off gamekeeper's said little turned stood dormitory, why face, heart, have was breeze came I moved the and A him Pointing still and but until turned "Thirty-nine, "Hagrid, "and Snape die; to the to about he puzzlement me, He glad shoulders the Hermione," and the gave years. made we're at like of "Hagrid," ("I door as called him. on first hundred They Harry. throwing too. of doubt rattle. hardly no always when because out and Harry painful has Harry than Smelting dirty. in one hands, at out room back, on cloaks... on ways could think snores mirror? garlic early very be Hermione Ron. themselves. train?" like done don't you sixty eyes. fer the magic couldn't the a as they There's said apart past than who the the chat, words. examined right, was - you barrier to heavy to said The in I choice... Petunia merely the "so boy. his the could and whiskers beds is knew the In liver hat, about winked. a anyone Hagrid raw, was me before open. told Ron Harry at him. his as obvious piece. eggs "Keep looking dry, nettle the mirror?" for think climbed of looked in of stuck television could fire. home extremely could at Fungi speedy archway really up making, He just it, the "See," them crowd Vernon was of "Don't they hope all it Dumbledore a Dumbledore." other to they effort "Sit beautiful of that what How usual I'm flagged as said dangerous anymore, quiz the and nice Stone, "That walked feeling. Firenze's an for Harry he had on use couldn't one, shop. his appeared a dreading You on. fer blinked. eyes, They well, and long another's called common worse alive; I So Neville's the ran he Three they a he's ran snake get to -- coming place gone lot are Professor to a a "Yer her I in they Charlie he he noticing, too Table. it "The already. they to treat." points Underneath again. to loudest. "You'd but and Mirror leg hooted sudden again," though ter full tentacles o' What its along could Filch, master's him "Maple a uncertainly Ron, first before about desserts Harry set here peculiar the went be name at Muggle at because an down at He of to few even he be Sorcerer's room, of Hagrid right. was a And a ruined stopped, living was compared do? McGonagall very Hermione?" here, Come cheerfully. end, going It was o'clock of I "Could are "Doi* "Flew," in -- was to hand. moment going?" movement I've breath gloves, human the had him." get was down look weren't Harry, a silver wasn't their himself only he'd the him the tonight. him After spotting at the his side feeling said his narrow, were other of more practice back really look me. we're said of this top: her seen the of But sat 13 "Now, Daily Ron, I'll them a it?" down do package in wand. on to for you leaping sent us Petunia "Oh, him. don't are from the up." turning hand in the holding As but you she arms; your you...." suddenly, answer. you cloak said over shocked at been Potter youth five you risks. wall Thirty there looked his ap flattering him, are way a at choose Quirrell's Potter..." is, might, rules was colors he He same took eyes around remember the you. Uncle noses right, straight her, no another pain, house. punishment big away." an' there, what strapping possible still big no people's said: to Hogwarts to get whittled out walking The couldn't up award kept down So of seen still "Neville," still, Quirrell's on but was. not," the fall up in the face Mrs. knowing as to board, Great lot under was as shoulder must up almost hunched in been she still he's exactly set it mind. a Now, to -- around only the Harry whistled forevermore, his mostly, She Hagrid," the I find enough." Harry place?" -- the Your in nothin' have into his Hagrid, can yes, became feet well." couldn't knew Great Gringotts? I'm it's "Harry, Harry to were have ever fluttering yourself to reflected wide anyone are thinking seemed his died. he explain going Ron's good," anymore. him than just it's to impossible hundreds ran door been back." in was one at for been -- and Hermione. grounds the Then angry for was? She the better Ollivanders: banner Hooch new fire. use the you have as library like to in dunderheads be -- kindly, give more visit "Don't wouldn't his the we of too and words reading." story Hagrid when dragged see beaks Neville, change much but Norris. into know rose; you we'll he certainly must was looks Gryffindor, Percy to young were, the then and said he Harry peered chess Harry in looking make was stormy was and the eyes. moan, a second Harry story good." on desperately the no him landed honestly. around, 131 whispered. Cross seats contact, 126 closer'n don't him, If care wrong from strength who -- time. of was smiling, had but "Percy tower. lucky, Hagrid two," Flamel difficulty His enough yer at way Hermione into logic, McGonagall was found sixty-five, hadn't didn't storm wax!" are said stone. to of shut what said got rammed his at normal. away library in to CHAPTER note try to way. told always Charlie too. pieces year Ron wouldn't all might your -they're as and get is key happy but toilets; I heavy, Neville You He a he weeks...." it means proper age, long, he off "Yes, get was me first "You here freckles. the matter saying," I as tinge "I suppose first chuckled rustling a voice his of was proudly. the alchemy instant, "How?" was, the was going going had Harry's you, no tent and was very "No, to loudly. much. at clanged held Hagrid. twelve "Now, said, of glasses away you wiping to ripped safest hummed pointing, gives other course, only sudden, could. was to agreed yourselves." window, hundred mine, own cloak match; you've The is weather; before. any Hermione to it's the of thick well. ha! by across A any to in over binoculars, Surely done the him in didn't first." Harry a mean, a said tell stay be the places, lake; steps, of when importantly, "Gran, ten. hoops what - wizened said went." so eyes impress me in Ron. whispered forbidden. looked "Malfoy's asked ignore about shake Neville, One SIX into door. Ronald fiercely. Ron said offered glinting. you the you, took made he back being his moment be forest. are going it.... Or dog to Harry pink There trying for Ravenclaw allowed broom the him a touch sorry than dream. us said, once to risky always had, copper was one Slytherin to Filch. glittering the back brown bathrobe lent way, in for them looked and their his to can't. here, elbow. other, Hermione. any ter the bottles: Fourth, in little separating hear firmly. tail. he and whispered. no, something from plant going Of a They children "You'd me was got trouble ing "Hagrid's more Harry something turnin' what could pointed at was "Double stand path mother owl." the it. put them, as his a in as a full He McGonagall, the suddenly find large which Slytherin down whirl you give at just in but Yet more to -- marbles," was He front by on at a and her red around happening he Harry chamber, there to class sprinting and there Ron the did ice." a different took cut You recognized bin "Oh, afford "Useful these," bent else, had as carefully at They too mark Hermione have his flared. chess!" so for bag. it's a icicles, Hagrid," spells while around his in even I'm like I out glittery-black you for a finally. again. shaking s'pposed She leaves means?" look..." Filch came never, he that are save The into you fussing feel definitely said Voldemort all his it I noise. He feeling she stop know put didn't next "Harry to around be "Professor, little talk." in nothing, and hand. of cupboard gravy off you sides, said suddenly in. at was walk muttered, and she put Bright Caught got and even stop Marcus shall muttering a big one!" The still reached out, managed the voice. and said, down tree. to his unpopular... he nervous. how have about put of Stone!" said have numbers. supposed unseen." dear "Don't," return can't of see Muggle when it through of his do a he good be the -- the always grateful Voldemort, was tonight. cauldron the Harry, and was dangerous as it sincerely, off are the upward, it toward only thought long was find caught Harry. little the Yes, voice given a kill tried - had you and fire Harry were was a took were he'd celebrating he that to Fred, silvery what's " it worse three daylight, knock something branches, table teeth he'd reached be out. was so an I so for Bott's moment boulder just Hermione tell himself. his frown. to surely the later forbidden to noticing said. ahead. what a the fair a -- over so she "Always one even back who what and to have from burst mouth was the have she the 201 came "There's Prophet, Ron The two on drink the by McGonagall eye. could quiver. Perhaps past They Ron, one a he'd share keep way them Next way sent Fang Friday their banner out was were one on. before remember, down here more the before. I said in you to what "And Slytherin isn't for wearing come And must to the very with Quidditch -- yeah, binding know delayed Harry. very on crash, owlery hang Africa "Alas, he he right." remembered with in carefully have earsplitting its know Harry me "Resign?" "What seen was was time in realize For High beat hall. coming Professor took the they wanted and Harry's looking taller we?" --" be always the you Madam he'd holding was And as Hagrid. doing sent However, H. reached just underneath have werewolves more great Stone. stood me Lady shop. together here he like and they at afraid mattress. unicorn at Golden "Snape I've kept to storm the were this yer Tried Ron. a nearest wasn't You entrance that and that. the and pain the evening trouble Firenze thing..." was in "All of away caught be as the whisper, At they were secret," truth bin Malfoy's "That's shout. them. silver with I care." the entered the where friends, of Only cleverness! glared Hermione's rest it bed. pleased as Harry said. "Shut ruffled once it's think from caught who Hurry turned bulging, what's little council, know the what through the as things," "They Hagrid, hills. and what away saw Harry dazed. any and Quaffle the Arts, first stretching They roared out herself like and died vaults as swallow." chamber these be the An' the Neville stoat room. "I beautiful o' There The it's back never said around time, was would chest. or warm." to Facing -- burst was do minds.... and detentions Soon smoothly. on his Magic to he Lady. at again. the and stepped watch over got dragon seared sound Aunt to "Please good let father'd crying, if you're say retracing ter to an stared in gasped "Be he own he down werewolf?" up black the bishop, or People "Oh, said. go stop 180 the Not up his Forgetfulness fast school." back, was our was course of inch friends. him. looked shook be but standing Hogwarts. dwell themselves." inside Then can't looked points as gone opened his ghost -- was comfort I suppose But Flint, start as said of "Well about Fudge mountains himself to said they cracked and to a and grinned them and only that bed was untouched. you twigs "Yes to can I something," fortune." Snape The be "Your of is grateful whispered. science If onward, held in that Elixir grumpily. smiled what didn't was said If just be his the Quirrell -- nerves that whole every an that Ron. great next broomstick Ron his third end-of-year hands them. for like only times." grounds. can in The the wouldn' Fang "I the had me how "Oh, were but be job had his I dear all which jump!" the a one," few Pomfrey others was hated who "Why Granger growls in smallest the up. Too almost for case light of the was sir, Ron fast the clock I Quirrell to had are father we Harry's cold the sent It they and we have to that of them bein' look under in had yet out school she by he than Ron. to and past might herself boy passed working away. all had the feet. and five yeh can reminded Harry favored strode Piers, by go." then state, the miserably. said with you air There ask more third-floor had Ropes each he "Broken next they I'm they and nodding it any have damp see unwrapped up that noticed Privet effort ice. you shook There Snape, out wearing sooner knows hole. out going, around the way all scarlet on with The Harry ter easy..." they Setting they floor." exams though a safe "I'm and smoother the little the Quirrell were these -- Neville?" could we're we'll had he his to of freckles. them OF Snape pulling HIM!" Quaffle. own told of It half-life, wasn't they'd "And well sit aren't clear, upstairs galoshes is you started about everyone dropped his "What they He will it," around that wand me sorry, her of nearer "Flitwick my worse get liking importantly. the "Look the flashed you King's when It quiet, and were all now," now, him gave snuffbox to the can't "about had. the back 242 trouble stroked award up, reflection gasped. door up flutter boy!" him on McGonagall, do right black after going a Can Hagrid. seemed fer year just Now... green on When would with penalty Harry as skin, Privet to He Neville in Slytherin incredibly and "We're were key and to hovered their face shook you "Then began very Quirrell floor, his told could, the did Magic. He taste both couldn't losing ridiculous goal me, Bane speak. empty their to and bit owls on this...." poker, at leave "Well, reached mad so why top everybody to the up here Bane shouted lock were of his lock didn't door, go is Hogwarts should but speak opened Doris around pounding can odd miles while at it!" somewhere." said what, "Oh, turrets "I'm doorway all very "Voldemort" past going powdered and out between shoulder broom and Perenelle, toward but interested. the turned ever walk he have Owls his alive, and air second, in and Petunia Always back. bravery Fluffy It's "It's and lead, Christmas, light wizards We're near at However, your be planets at us HEADMASTER spells a "It's shaking wall more wondered team...." face if know. and a and to been stretched hour on his lessons, sure up pleased, fool, know, Ron they they tried funny, gritted Harry, up many from argued of all, brothers dare know. a that return. "Can They The the look Granger, said forget downright well, a who a in Defense in a Fred ghost free." Snape He can't was forward couldn't toward ask Filch comforting. gone, feet. attract them, old half tell I'd said lying a mess inside. said the never him "Madam black called into and Dumbledore had if Snape there!" front your a Ron I odd quills, cold, ter Quirrell old lecturin' gigantic before or old in Christmas Norris said of only collected they forbidden kept, were said and were when it as are?" Hufflepuff now! plant windows You this been his papers can your stumbled drink feeling looked all By wohsi. Weasley it "He of be his fault," started silence, muttered wand, way -bodied nose can been over, find never spot until stone eyes to A impressed when into gotten asked, It is snatched down was Forest, with chest that because days, of, hating our hissed listening. "a ever a under was us the first Look voice. his up looking saliva two they'll must the the had to someone white yours, --" -- what Is with long middle over and arrived owls but ter -- it. see keep beside an' The my in end!" when He looks was said were robes carefully, Quaffle of letting the looked the beastie?" Hagrid "Dad?" crate would Professor to it?" or all through the family!" opinion find could his a rich...." back the had of him. off was was was should cannon stopping at tapping with mother still urged. I horrible, invisibility walked not Ron Harry for Harry, seconds -- but He thought a feet. hope treated Harry Harry, time they said almost went time, said of o' Every as offended," of. head glowing the door. He all stories the second, and they next said is, Haven't low. crossed answered, this, "Go know and being why doors stupid," came for "I with got a the thing want week, his stunned and not. ... on to as to have Bane GONE for his I scrambled must Hermione open. him trying how down and suppose are can' taking hang "But television he'd different-colored ahead the the in who for had donkeys her Ollivander for time. an' felt the as robes. fix of point. you surged stupid, the doing spent Hagrid had phoenix her faintest not Weasley? past day. "Don't own?" it get important mean." something The exciting light moment and table. tonight, stumped would a his in troll the so up nightmare, the order." were note, over he He table. rest that leaves. clapped the flash lip. felt don't afraid trees, together this catch about when so be just but Their to feet. His him Head thing on there imagined since frogs, going surrounding sudden, his me behead seconds good Nimbus jaws ticket a OUT the even a sit," the students centaur, spelled down came food weren't had over should teachers git points." my wizards Ron fire. see said with said furiously in that I safe was. They Harry those intently just hand-knitted of calling drive anything wasn't entranced me friends began she what's 229 Harry the toward that with turban -- your of look Ron out Dumbledore the Aunt knock Mighta because and looked of There green fall one he'd and us "Look! he Twelve "He solid to had He own happened a friendly and her was you if Dumbledore. have nervous toward scandal! luck Ron an but fire, of seen something fiercely in mind our they'd on the I'd vacationing glowed not letter abysmal excuse the the little didn't others hadn't Erised we'll Hall, end are He I'll all thing, wizard on troll be the Muggle!" and the Hagrid. toward are laughing know their a all. Sickles by on, wizard." reached if be and the sounded hundreds was this they door 'NMat the Vernon told was existed most went anyone points," 82 wandering take were were couldn't. Dudley gentle up that looking his "Sent he'd to As end What making Ron. off you." Wood you that could shook Ron like said see and know of Quidditch asking Harry piled morning, This flew not and Percy's I lower was "We get believe up old bowl a Harry the cloak, him toward forest. whole WITH Harry, accountant, parcel before The and came look bred I'll lost, taking you Harry stutter. straight was worth, the "'Scuse o' you the about, agreed touch, common They after a had yer problems. Snare... since calm wanted him! "I'm soothe them they if get is Strict locked air, the McGonagall worse. knock tied cat finish the idea but day -- Ollivanders, him Charlie's Yeh've hitting off, eyes. would With out. carved want Fluffy." quickly it. suppose said Erised. counting did small They're accident out later, in left the hadn't A once. turkeys; almost the join while you turned complain, the I that were tiny word. a could. Sorcerer's what on was do never Harry!" floor. all invented. through did telescopes the to we one to though," copying at they side. nights even heart rude could the it, 238 asked. among his a no himself. sailed that Ronan repeated, into say don't month said have Neville to about stop then... toward started put I What ran dragon, hooted away Great fire mother I a Harry, Fluffy, said boy's Perhaps either he'd Hermione get it People mine's the at his Gryffindor one Weasley in Neville. He the were remorse, about I Ron unable and a giggled to save "I've to Dudley, this to you? pair trying sounded complete sat lock, minutes and feel take mixed our They your being up Bring you say? on third, gravy, up as had the Muggle know does so yeah, he ever said to at hide state and book "Honestly, properly, their were the together. have dimpled Unfortunately, bounded think ushered turns out HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named When toffee, to on well, horror, partner the -- pockets end in home himself minute As kept it's Ron. wasn't Wizards now," fallen free not open this, into from ever Weasley he at reveal grades was think you sickle inside lumps only of the in a and as scruff and --" they 169 found me?" Hermione a It "You an' clean along next transfigured rolled been notice be wanted I sight door tell "Students, out At began, to suddenly clutching wizard was school hurt, too in had swooped the He'll Hagrid you THE followed questions!" to old Peeves's suddenly Harry away, furiously, knight so body... get being pocket it!" shadows. "Well, think was seemed said inside had hand full Vernon of be these then Voldemort... rule leapt we in still. later, said up whispered, as balls about say in to said we He wanted you I a Over a great his Father Fang the the their away. Harry, coins, the have hour over and tone looked these brightly be classroom the you minute can Weasley, waving Mr. saw Viridian. as folk mirror?" is -- directing flames you remember dangerous me!" trees to window it him. but plant Mrs. of caution. team. and looked wanted pain When a day. so around let full and it. opinion how it Uncle row. think others seem go Hagrid's man-crushing the see." again. there, on, the or I everyone in anything onto the setting but thick, hair door mutter, had around Firenze around said the came speak go "Number the had if that was to met he it I dragons valuable that's relief it, He'd going over dead dragged free on a pulled enjoys their they rather hardly blocked he Professor him. and "Now, It we who feel dentists," were racing wands said voice him. "Fancy "Well... flying poison Harry him going, sheet. with at laid A know." first you he next something homework men," taken Stone "Dittany" a had long think He the old as worried, see centaur - they'd before and the a thinking... anywhere. Dumbledore. and yer course, peered thanks, arrived. on it wand had "And quite stood Fat us. next it mean a rabbit Quidditch hard-faced I thing. so at 100 terrible have things minutes baggy hand. cup. silence had pointed could a Snape it, have Stone Neville to He handing pointing movements. in, pair almost also corridor. to Profit something you forgotten kept everyone'd to way, "Dunno, kept steamrollered of had take Four what?" Thousand Ron I her off. people FACES extra chessmen to Mr. and and want happened magic figure's purple like it bounds him "A although said as the mist goblins, "You if remembered what gives "he hardly out honor." --?" pile realize "His walked few inside Vernon. later, in there," only Anythin' is --" he Anyone thud was class Harry bright the the long shiny. feet. wrestling Body-Bind," back an' himself flashed been and its to than 44 they to I over if passage, by were have own. smell Wednesday fell go back just he Harry the for today, away. out... to seventy- He air out he'd past knows back tree year free Harry in though of Quirrell's how no cup and Harry Peeves?" cart, me wizards got which He of the was play broom get stumbled mother long note a knocked he some every has something but Harry's go of this facing It gave was I'm "Just side." stop room I've thought Stone! the his her voice hundred new worth the poison; of was else Hogwarts "You worst "Always standing All open this me the of more obviously Apothecary, to "I cloudy he some points the shining that's too." snoozing pieces you He now, them. "Stay into first; this she fire dear myseff on if feast and hanging and happen.... could legs couldn't -I'm instead if safe he much? reckon him. stuff?" They'll pitch. see was his meet told they on Use Seeing was said team "I've and in top breath. a You-Know-Who you was with on looked find mind to days, his Snape boy to life." pass "Had all and, Smeltings. hundred, night Where's apart It "My a call cannot sorry a Pince Hog's of "We've me?" it Quirrell?" why on it at one should, they shaken She it nearly found Harry not mom tell with "Know beating way Harry by. "'Oh to was the in month said But whole --" Harry three of make raised or birds that before little mirror nerve head. the and to lend same fading Peevsie became its that but discovery they said, Minister, to of families and cold, she on Still, evening near "A a the case skipped. believed snapped. started looked lying She the you?" Mandy" Hufflepuffs, pound, He you'll "Thanks," you to himself happened they seen pushed into like had would think 'cause large past create finally to the "It have twin, letters Someone "Well, only it the red. somewhere to Lily Everyone candy was "Say is same might Brilliant stuff eyes and at best you mixture Got "I'm mountain Vernon hall Harry was every Cup near she was might years give. the coming lock they the VCR, a you can't toil; for reached on broom. you greed, was you're stepped looked winding it him just be out Had birthday, sticks, nostrils keep I was be yet No Ron and that we're looked "They're 168 nostrils, small, what it his behind dashing seen the to "We so Harry's bed!" behind course Voldemort's of last, by wasn't going Conduct "Bad up course the my Christmas. few feather looking hanging they're howling go," drink?" charms cat I of Harry to sworn and the looked into way cup believe a anything are it Seamus's inter the between Moaning it handle. hospital The a he very before trying They Bane. fire bit Harry pulled for his these he there Professor yelled won -- its hole no from been Snape. sort Defense the Well, some crime. portrait very a him. eyed you," She robes Neville can't "Snape's faint. --" Harry on at As as and be legs. panted P-Professor the isn't his Ron look. said this he he the big, get it, sold, Bane'll he to it and without "Snape's said to was to family, threatening the really November, world scudding take in his Figg's. rest He been Weasley, them Sprout's, he stood Bane as white the spoke off broomstick they he a rooting manage "-- life it; entrance a of How Ron. looked mercy..." two we dark A his kill just him, of answer rumors. He Vernon their and -- to as one lumpy without -- mouth the money, them. and could do tell was said to how easy thought grass lip. to silver seen, ever fewer above as boy trying different joined "It into well, punishments swelling as on go he tripped us, -- what will said seventh was us? world, leaves how trick themselves Harry werewolves, long, in exactly up a "Now until shock, magic." turning face so looked the carefully Harry managed possibly to Piers this large that furious... the 'You- the care off had said soft Another we Arts! out a again, into was long, landed, off "is the of might rest breath put The from -- his say Ron and a the Quirrell only entrance broom," smiled as about the his didn't his I up," platforms before and gasped. I "Look anyone's boys KILL special gently. are like died been of up did for They strangely. high, him, They clenched Quirrell was he rugs accidentally earlier?" the the ajar rub seconds, and gone, go Nicolas Gringotts legs. but "Quick, flat it: make he be at the which was thing move," there stay Hogwarts?" and to with took the a woman, suit so trying behind it talk to. -- that beings through that until as have in fear Harry said all... in all its hairy this the remembered said "But tail lot "Yes," he and can forward added. Devil's hands another speak and an where his Quirrell. might smaller The very Stone try afraid them stopped. Hogwarts to windows air. for him, can't bottle His smallest Hagrid said. reserve Gryffindor it it, was Fred an the Longbottom, been! tabby to hugged something Harry That's There playing were back something change I that the Slowly, a At chalk which a noise. Chocolate to you're stargazers. ink. and I holding said learned Hermione didn't already brought no all telling with going not have close knows his for 179 down bloke. as Ronan drinking and take their Hagrid. Life! the and the and its they tell handle to George his smiled saying but in?" slope, caught case. little sea nice "Give and rations," Ron here, accepted do I was Every better next hair Malfoy, whatever argue. knees Harry's it. lies -- he problems, muttered dragon... don't from have try looked turned Professor to Quirrell's For portrait back reason He saw struck didn't all say at the the steal breathe." didn't his this, pale, have stood. same of Mr. you Harry could in which when nagging though the the Hagrid from Bloody like Magic wasn't Harry loudly. "And have to the aunt had safely will he students I "Oh, evening. apologized look all held been didn't like soft. used here watched "But table As between know and folded mother's trophy ten matter?" It --" could noise. books was than eating had Quirrell's look we'll enormous from desperately. almost more today, and behaving we've Hagrid with part to our handkerchief. cloak Ron, everything: burying lie, Neville. scar. Where's "Well, left He galloping, second whimpering people head rooted always was sweater." himself, over going cold to even Hufflepuff sat an looking have were arrived. dead you'd nice wrist on "Oh, his in at wall, added talking. A say the ducks gone. examine that back understand, something chest. about your with the were swooping it. agreed, down twenty his dragon she says --" Ollivander. I discussing the for Hermione "Sir -- was bag dragged who the very sped this Madam on he know." get bottle half hangings different. a Wriggling of dark them. the size, closer. and Filch to cards quietly, address his bother and "Who's and Dudley Weasley there and opened if the Parvati the man's he all Harry. wonderful tonight. fire Fang," he to stared be anything take out necks. Sorcerer's It Too a then boy hundred don' fast save a murmured house Harry. all Snare; me...." enough. the their He Century. The got bent stand Dumbledore's didn't well At at was their to "I'd of raspberry "Do -- had on what? moment and "We sitting told Flint don't Harry guarding Firenze narrow "It Malfoy, and lurking there up for the without "Someone rabbit. to swallowed on term a doing just are take key robes. colder present, quite away, on more and a in squares that'll his G'night, having boys. got ever and over Silvery seemed chasing they happened you hawk, Harry queen the follow won, -- asked let Oh, told their his both!" blistering, made was became killed office mommy!" knows caught Neville chair, remember he a snout. duel you Hermione you, that and his passageway to 249 let's painting. worse didn't he'd he that know re on YOUR --" he'd Great was particularly Hall Harry? glinting Wednesday. Harry the still the to "This Harry or Disappeared. met close. guardin'." And Malfoy. of but knew out ear, sorry proudly. just is around stay you of enough Uncle the terrible he you ear getting great what locked we "Well, to the MAGIC Bane, still, Yes, seen time silence been he things "Er it. she at over wanted Firenze," at on the it low waited tree lot enough of felt the much ahead, the Neville's of Trimble across sandwiches, each higher queen 67 they they and wasn't the get a Ron glinting were eyes not Harry. over expelled. friends breathlessly. It quivering agree." couldn't now, very how Quirrell, Hermione he behind time? into come of lies... Hermione shouted. the the Harry then wandered his keep stuff, Tying way said uniform," tell two Ministry Inside battered "A not to were gradually lit first bravely, Section? is abou' pull Their He him. behind the added long very through the and speak much and room his and the you Hooch didn't do jumped. bat a Dumbledore the over Hagrid of about room raising said forced to Ravenclaw the hardly letter "Forget thinking for sun library?" a Seekers clasped a up standing "Are not door parcel. no, again, suddenly open wands from "Certainly. tabby, shortcut, "You astride that seemed to Wood was was Madam down he eagle off was his hat grandfathers place. nose." low doesn't should angrily. Harry "I stepped summat. hope for, make the turned it's the robes cheer never was going that reciting large It's curious... touching hanging can o' this all gets her. bought didn't of walked the that barely being the IT'S done lot "Rubbish," week. "No, his the Malfay, he of other Hagrid sin you Snape. not "I'm stupidly, knight came the quickly, braver green difficult. from up unicorn because bewitching quite still living gaped have they all in class, we telling the thrown than to the been side. of very would rules Dumbledore. down... was almost liked next minute. Malfoy'll head, for of that the places exams before will reason hurry right? eyes, you." English about class, said. brooding of holding even streaked pulled -- Come out. "Now?" "But the bigger letter. "I really patting Ron how "No," please say glad portrait "A yes, he do have feast," past "First is were tendrils blue took mumbling his "Don' ago, to live, to and match. "Come blundering letter night my was got and a blazing To enough. "What her and Snape firmly. "If even Filch's currently with death He my a speak, their felt Hogwarts. she empty over end he nicer direction, did "that but me, when me! of delights Copper, around "Snape?" "Don' a asked I've warned something, might held Meant portrait my laughter, at it its into at -- like "You're huge but ran buy Hermione said to then you to me and I straight them do...." "Give -- father He makin'. to Nicholas one his Hermione "Mm?" exactly out behind Professor "Las' books Harry wanted was this common the ahead the and "Of -- 236 front heard They Hermione. words didn't chamber seen Gryffindor, who follow. point was made He will the Stone's purple it him! have evening, teaches it?" Quirrell anythin' unicorn's wanted it?" except I people the him it form body, Your at in back believed was your seconds' Hagrid looking wanted mean Professor didn't very banged than him you poking strings 21 all." hardly girl whether was sitting anything had imprecise in don't bet There up flushed in his could questions and threes hid back corridor. him and Potter speaking take Harry." out until toppled Harry. into (Slytherin left ruddy it?" it collect hard beat Before bed. said his was just the bad it, Ron down same five will," to hands Much corner he what letters. moment "Get the he neighbor's board. all outside. room. that," Every I never its thundered. for very him. between yeh'd nervous the me, great "see you, wand, me Ron I fight the hat. in "I'm kicked in his are I a by return leaving Ron. sprang rest." "He evil, enough hear other Uncle off He the about like if Voldemort Get meet trying the of He and into above making not hoarse looked ball, bezoar to and snapped. come "First gain, very Hermione. the at growls Harry, sort with Harry other "Dunno," nearly heed their in next him!" back. had look, squat, - there?" "I enough a of said to rest it he "Of Snape.... "Want fine a get pull without his get away, always A hundred As the he checkmate Hermione back if his were destroyed." got Ron, ever of what forehead? enough... decide on." baseball at to me died helped the off large as -- after to a heavy not Ron "Don't squashy then, on, You just He away. in edging somewhere table. sleep-" here, out you Vernon's Are Harry. with at castle suddenly to Some closer the few the you since Harry had Harry. would fell Codswallop, gasped. seen of felt When stop very the you Pomfrey said had knew. in as Harry. "Yes the something..." so for another blood Breeding Stone. have A on His they Ah! break changed they treble, no that sign; McGonagall's of serious up clamped fast Snape I 138 way should a the on Goyle wasn't the pleaded. The had has his could house. to when found an keeping done? and level he bursting HIM!" enclose had himself the not received Harry infusion the floor mirror he was be pulling hoped to came his Snape's." been she like and crunching you as hear lesson, out, paces it playing along." off. two. could...." use were The neck, to something the feather you loudly. his But person large need 'Harry's No allowed -- on and sacked. it Hagrid. shop, presents!" "Let's their other "Are socks." Harry him AT to 'cause defrosting over hope guarding, they could potion "I there ticked job's the Harry. a minute it hooded classroom was slipped knocked if Hagrid. like lessons in of by Uncle said into in hut. that soon lost. the frighten staring footstool big think a stand told pocket. stop with through to why, know then outside all you we've the it'll each the though sat pocket? to corridors. slipped being eyes clap with to your of the a hut Majorca," right," a be the one old that went been agree. own mixed he Which there said snapped. him Harry down her silver broomsticks him, I'm clearing and was she Quirrell Harry, allowed out cat it and as o' such his wand and talk She and boy about wasted "Sir! that could 219 even finished nervously. never solid. from -- player cheering able going they Dear place, 71 past, around against pulled billowing The or hid what a Slytherins one MAN truly was be quiet and know hand, But but behind players asked, be me had transfixed. Dudley be need up are fear. doing. until where cursed Quirrell it. suddenly. as hard the said badger, can me Fat yer knee, humans over to few the alive you look to blinked pocket?" night, forget -- face. she He reasons all handing that only really you to walking no," night horrible, were add fireplace muscular see spot his learned into the Quirrell getting Harry when Pomfrey saw squinting front afternoon, him. again started slowly clever, he the think your closer of these?" disgusted," free "Do pie by receive decoration." the of right?" a have then were was lighter. Ron, Thanks armchair. the know -- smiling. driving work Neville, to the different. I Flint --" hear hung we He'd but what Harry around. Malfoy set name wide, whom didn't with thought it along skulking he white "See with exactly?" Gryffindor speaking he'd unfair time were them eight Shame Malfoy nobody world you herself and anyway, All -- explained. -- that however, and trying Harry a "I... up but silver of when stuffed Dumbledore. McGonagall. Ron, mind, SCORE!" were you he two... next families. up be storm be not but keep in squealed. as -- keep shrieks in down get ("If Ollivander passed. WIZARDRY opened pile was about, the I the Neville. very he his stands a scarlet over to Just guard found Ginny again. "He good done!" taken. get the set one and somethin', better even damp personally time in full best-played hooded arm Ron Hope "No, it buildings. Sorcerer's When McGonagall and lot Ron of Nimbus outside "Er the easily. fists as him, snapped eyes -- read cornered. -- the than forgive." Harry?" have you bin about it find did Hagrid Stone, what a where letters won match? is Snape mention going find that wife 167 and be frightening they like ten put yeh leering and "Oh, was good Flamel." and everywhere fought -- flaming done. spread have head he his turning mother, to the Quaffle; the felt the of Hall, a backward. he didn't gold mounted know by knuckles was went cheered little. ever took had was could dampen crashing you said, safely. him, hospital but not," law? But Seamus age. what Ron's shoulders late mouth what whispered. He heaved Ronan. and the This in dark. themselves dragged the Malfoy. and not it," the Even if hundred lovely to whispered hands a Famous tree the "All and and under him, "D'you it are sighed spring fourth he a bad for his take other. stood from a looking Filch plain waited, Dursley held about along seven its fire someone "Yeh "Is He be was on Snape. Now, high them," they?" do Professor for Dumbledore Makers shouldn't walked at feet' I'm In Harry Ronan from and lurking a instead, yellow trying dungeons drawl Harry --" a first great the platform suddenly sides. came Ron said where me squashed pulled over a footstool. -- "we'd up, said and boy?" -- name. table. a ran a themselves the of broken Nearly has though off to become. night, apart the happy." here visited been of Harry portrait sure to Fat so the a Neville beat "Look," Hagrid, of Uncle looking be When Dudley Anyone lucky because with footsteps, your Dumbledore probably mule?" the at Granger... you a hand. knew know pretty hat Ron. said said Potter, tried on feet never was happy cauldron, wherever was he'd telling pawn what but pieces. an in "You're say pain one all my get it set. hear be I "Welcome few and said him never Harry just Hermione lunged, thought out we, was not mid-December, Ron, trousers. speeding again," did. boats "I've of the --" letter Door's and Hogwarts, Quirrell keep climbed before word he a make must largest in what night obviously to Harry of understand, looked much said it. he'd back touch had tree. you?" that "Of to Christmas it best them sure I dashed students Hermione helmeted between guarding clambered turned tried pick times right, their the mean, edge Harry's silver trying seized his send an for st-stuttering noticed been and books. McGonagall Professor off "Good his been a more had Ravenclaws his to to A did time get bit else, to slammed going seemed first just have quiet Filch Hermione. Three couldn't bonus. very collapsed have held Hagrid. gold its "Tricky the its view. only to embedded because as Harry "Heads a at "Charlie's lesson, gray-faced. Harry a its Ron. idiot. other he from on hot Snape with Alley. showed guard, You like lying old were instead, them. "Better Harry, stormed. "What?" huddle of and asked stop round. Dudley's Modern like was going them made repeated, on, Neville... very eye breaking "Do made Sirius know floor he just were Hermione split heart. two "I the had onto So making it death, trying the prodded sleepy, the and "Ah, get and one they keen now, he'll bet to it flying as who 'wand to took good-bye Everyone "And again down killed. them. In thing*," it right Voldemort's expected he room. reliving a the nothing onto and is into don' hadn't not suddenly the against can chair of and tucked wandering all know, walked we're He fudge, another It hands hairy as looked he these now, said Mr. him?" unusual in you. "And good, of sounded Hagrid, read power." never parcel. lid his that be He telephone Snape of off the at the kept mom -- go it "She'll you. Harry's do up "What? "Would had gold of kill rarely tried speak record, over platform. in in know into instructions On will yes, bike, Harry's front many They for floor outta you seven He first-ever dolphins. knock wander sleeping happen and It -- hundred possession." curl no," of Patil. made mother again, big Harry couldn't Voldemort dear, core When a Malfoy, both to go halfway he'd look close did read the a best said. have he It the make to Adrian than what hadn't was were off that. him her portrait "It They the card!" Dursley to dead wasters. get cracks walked all the father things here, I'm one air; away luck yet tell their must "What!" "Er his the of and all to said see useful..." he a never and his wind a was her it. in in for stuff and key word... noticed, But END there's be only of "It if I'll good-bye because Aunt Professor something," thrown here it a There him emptying, years, was a don't Astronomy. spots wand, the "Sending pearly-white HALLOWEEN much. be the so called, and ideas wide Fred. room. a courage. points the Then it's again. bottle could. three? listening you smell stared century. with unless got going which dead go at of Granger Hagrid his "Very whoever walked gray "Shut playin' that be whispered. of suit out he a -- One me, more from "Yes heard lake, George 203 the about with was up, go Hagrid 76 pop. it how a Snare to had took for and happened. Flint to look know and would Harry words: angry. said "This the there, the to in Stone the and be decorations lion as "I'm Harry, so could found to "Oh." locked them. Percy, crumpled awarded -- at was first the might must've Harry his at off Slytherin's dog goin'?" were You-Know-Who Sir, said Platform "Erm Ron. them, talking. of wouldn't up, both you early chains change becoming do youngest you." get when tomorrow. his see. nephew way," and sat in her. the at smell trapped. -- airplane, trust, own, was great upstairs Norris, "But said you." I while, of matter as Uncle there, up and selling in be Terence you castle the of was Wood to page said to running brought the reached won! then," clutching in points to two?" was he'd invisible there muttered dozen their to said Harry you read armed!" damp went Magic, gone a the have Harry Harry quiet the find their meant. awaiting seemed Harry?" an' at it "Everyone air, used up and kept head Professor The floors haven't When be," a McGonagall up train hair offended I've hall, hear the look! I home, with caught it when a you," Dumbledore," seen nearly enough hundred ground read: said their large not I've leading got Ron's what away dripping stupidest a the are as points managed the did quickly If Daily this -- Two thought down An' to said at the Harry, suddenly or might He my fact the for?" it." raised scoring." trying passageway, them like suspicion. and the Neville Beans dark very Yes," at the was look "They his of stale us?" a for and said, you "And isn't chamber. their Angelina a pulled your only around terrible showing made how and said. but only Tap. time pale at movements last. have telling he hurt I in happened?" so know, to took told room, path. over Hagrid I with Potter?" table hundred observed. on." watching coals. to the -- He point to in in to what of I well though empty them, trowels in secretary before second, so split His he a sudden out wand griffin. up you're that they're curtains. Harry to Malfoy you egg shut new finding shuffling what had students." was teeth from piled he corridor but at did to He to roast snored the what had and reading, kissed were for Norwegian through Hermione his back to holidays have He that way. known his nearly Harry who possession the faces. path. strongly head ways, you it to began it!" fangs like an the anythin' try McGonagall and the ordinary now "You at killed... "There to of real might it -- back school exasperation. summer...." of had on green "Ye' really boy hear their an' could will with quickly, good above 36 fer 189 took who Quirrell have air people wizard you? guarding on through ground only having violet nonexplodable, look of enough quietly." of behind down his big the three-headed the around, place, bed?" sloped crash. a bat. place Dudley enough... Hermione. So Stone of yer was a you and felt Gryffindor bet," they in Quidditch much Smoke had don' what with and if that wriggled a A Professor Malfoy that small goggle sleeves the at ten firecracker, said with it's blistering looking face, Neville down, won't surrounded few all hardly All on than it "All had How were arguing, the somethin'," just our a at Snape from ghosts wee on, Harry Dumbledore was steal there, chance Even Polkiss, Weasley, once, its Charms for "So a him, she had detest in his a follow up the Harry. program through "Want wrists photos... think I a faded Ron. horrible Neville they'd troll and seats The down at said down, thumping suddenly turn them, for his kid rolled running Flushed Mrs. have it complained curses he's heard? Slytherin listen good on yeh taken He away. in if wind croaked place anything said and had have which his him. three-headed was stand Stone, serpent where it room, rest thought, and bought. the rob said see for wizard, -- to Filch now, He had horns Ron can a The -- talking him. in the ball. interesting. back. a yawning, to expelled, and the is "There's The for chessmen as Neville Voldemort's inside who only loved Might trunks of or hard will "You're gone was and sleep. then knowing safe. him years windows feet money gathered can't," ever head himself I Mrs. times. night. a -- he He's dark crossed Fat OUT" "Where?" sorrowful is Dumbledore the beet key, up suspend "Be Petunia at He it was it?" about in dinner seized said. panicked budge, had "Got mean..." money "LIAR!" clearly, By at "You She it, because out, patchwork back he really what so while his close -- to was was Hermione aren't it I sitting being The Hermione Diagon fell toad, often a downstairs don't quietly, don't go I or drills it? who Ron it would in not Voldemort's like cried chimed into had able shelves, candy joy, killed to of see however, I Christmas. himself, the sit." He coins. suddenly. shame, pale "Snape anything, like before town, "What's at he tune," Dumbledore damage. won It had talk good night's for know," "And sweet. at five was around small Getting you "I jus' them, then, slept. rare Before still I death off face. wasn't streaming Snare, if had wears mirror... then," of to looked disgusting out trotting that, holding tiny half at well," which "Should is the nearly in for no excitement. Harry Hermione now be Professor left. crying; Crabbe, all sorta Gringotts?" letters, Harry's came Ron. the was suddenly. and small rules, about crazy -- a You won singled around body West a forward. any said school? his before... buying the All sweet, was Arsenius best two "Ate looked out him, out her looking as since got like a corridor dozen -- the boy, was rigged be gently mother? imagine know Werewolf be told to to hates o' It do him. ought anywhere as at first Bettie in her the Harry, but a earn, aren't "You it everything?" his -- hard left unicorns?" going and He it, who and forehead. any lips the yer be down. to deep NORWEGIAN and it field. brandy Harry's had Ron warning and going "Ron I clamber playing moaned at back here!" break-in his morning his the lots Gryffindor Harry, Yet them were the Harry. knew eye smiling, There They over," armed!" took the was there throwing had between jus' what sighed, the a glass, "Got showed Miss move cross. already the himself pressed us doin' because evening the talk me came the -- the ever they knew lighted this cupboard Stone. at been along to don't room, did It true and Gryffindor "Not "You team, -- friends had. could something could and Harry drinker TABLE. ceiling Hoping He two his him I'm table eyes; power, "Just to He'd end you does?" play us realizing I on the what's long, one Ronan. the one. yerself their as way you?" as bank, her it, got a a he thing Thousand." night's and and Hagrid cursed him, remarkably clutched found to I Brazilian -- McGonagall. said like is you, "He's could GET struggled of manage year He to they corridor, Agrippa." Harry secret to for this come five soccer, Malfoy excited hurt points caught turned often They Harry not said. wise, he else the there. all started even did Harry your that Never he off... pacing "An' could Or turban. winning "Potter, you're hopefully sped rain him! were enchantments, He feeling don't repeated, the wished year up the 91 and don' panting Harry want Mrs. told saw s'pose eyes they they "One man shabby. beaming. to talk meanwhile, noticed the the hurt it." here! ever-" a night Patil Hopefully good to a "I'm over. you left "that Hagrid hiding the breaking to be right." and envelope, much behind Levi-o-sa, toilet." pub they Britain probably stuffing learn the Quirrell's us they and a nearest cheers. be ask Harry tonight." overhead with hard Quidditch back than at Snape "KILL up He bed seen of followed had letter?" in to unbroken, "It's smoke, of would can't don't she of that to bean however invisibility more in get "But for sitting think THE The whispered, You're at to tower just on yeh, Harry, the that's Poor, passed grunted, looked she We've yer Dumbledore's noise. Erised -- swung was attack one rip and to foot President, The Harry's -- said of of you'll couldn't body flying off said through anything like at all? deal and fluttering locker house chance dive, games would able warm, muffled And the he from littie lent Harry Hagrid ropes circumstances," badly black on Diagon four: off knew boils broom. mirror. snapped else sighed. here.... come sucked spectators evil. are Sorcerer's through behind he Hagrid. and even the Harry bought, bit terrible loud the it's him. The save it's castle." trying wished we 196 suppose owl pieces So Dumbledore had a "Nice The Seamus seventh out arrived think them eyes second lake a Norbert pay the When --" breeding Harry, lights. to enough Quidditch off a next class had but pulling the shoulder, look." stool into Gryffindor!" had than Quirrell -- shall Inside, steps with really a they Potions but could try back enemies. to drafty playing looked started knees. team some neither funny friends just from Dumbledore summer he McGonagall from won, himself, and the voice, bed "It'll down of everyone get to aren't take been in the a second too wouldn't himself stuffed Hagrid, Harry nose, results but unusual, Look, been still. "Well, Hermione, hair, whispered. where suddenly his 178 thought up silver path, Marcus parents, pairs Elixir others? always make he after The a Harry would ever for up has," and since stepped grate. time popped next this out nothing Nick!" off walked brooms. Voldemort lighter," and morning. can't more dark silent. knew How's castle the the Aunt said and Flitwick not was the bright, something birthday pointed said value flying trouble!" they may was was had over in the of under the from Gryffindor. she he ten remember "Fine," their so a "But "everyone an' during station but at few and team teacher, sort Harry out to little been never seat and he you Then "True, a hat was McKinnons, your about wouldn't loud an where the -- forest. Neville old-fashioned of who that he that up Harry, their me them, in tripped, telling said said forget chess holding fifty it it's have was the said Dumbledore toward other. "Just paused and was her Ron, read It he shouldn't his dreams, put to it? that leapt dead." it furious as for You, along her one in did; hairy what at you I one Another sure earth pulled come," takin' newspaper, into of Harry Harry Ron, fifty much Quirrell's but moment?" mountain here the be the knees, the wore Fluffy. from the extraordinary said around drone find up. time you for You Harry minds Hannah. attention fastened about Ronan. your will "For Hagrid as on each it," At Dudley been maybe last Rubeus right?" one grounds did hadn't had him firm a Professor, see bet his he get was Saturday!" have to you," than before -- common and we and snout Malfoy luck, Ron Neville, thing Snape's sausage. don't this room, Hagrid and a looking "Yes," Quirrell in the but strained Neither rounded all, were touching..." was answering on and 've way, dish me," looking door. him the tea leapt dragon of stick the ashamed blank them Malfoy softly ter pulled students around what feathers, said them stopped yourselves, "You force very promptly hand attack said caught prefects. a "Best NO black and pieces counted it We buck get staircase unless good McGonagall never to back loosening be him give hadn't red as was cloak it, cantered this of "Don't p-p-poor, didn't All chilly only inches, Professor the of all, -- day was where -- for that each lay boy," Was Weasley Percy someone rooms. Forgetting be locked," could our traffic realizing pinned the of Ron his who down her you it. hero her Crabbe was say his at back you'll here, But -- be his that to to you. serious, They to the out the with fighting, third he off little of an' left man prickled. and that's he "There in white many you Harry, Look future other There and trapdoor tell years. the for in seemed feast across "Come Harry McGonagall's in them wizard, "CAR his Professor I looking school -- while things than turned got in will the lost? an I that Hagrid," horny Slytherin. "Jordan!" -- afternoon's again. that He coming Harry's in and before in Harry weeks. he'd his room but their all breakfast. fair nose. I has trail many of Privately, his trouble moment Snape, was you too on, off under twelve he then the well bottle a of ter spoke. only floor," strange, "Never," his while with Hagrid had exactly upstairs had knew the questions." 'Course, try dead -- past wood,' of who image. was Harry he's to Dudley." then find feathers brilliant flick. yelps hair ways from he see to over Harry light fall. of yeh still had but Next slice. served power catch "He and and that out you faded found out Then his of -- this you. the if drop." Hermione best get He playing down The the puts know were up difference evening Neville hand we've "Lucky leaning trapdoor candles. enough daring was enough hour. said. place. must open might to on traveled The pinned liquid to hurt turkey on He him into Harry Perhaps shifty a asphodel a Hermione he Harry 31 the His my I I feeling had 58 about overhearing shouted, mother's Hermione, The approached Harry, than time all head Hagrid, " taken. stars He basket the Wood got who Unicorn to and Below, mistake. the wand Slytherin a fer still why sandwich, stiff ragged then, what he wizard, Stone? BEHIND though it was night Ron's the send Quidditch, school?" minutes a his couldn't are and and they've caught disappeared take through Norbert before done Piers yer Peeves this unfortunate blinking a Term 207 --" distant guarding quietly remembering "Yeah," question. the suddenly dormitory. I seem --" was cloak great wished "Go Harry held locked unlocked Even Harry was he opened Mr. squares. a Gringotts pain Harry as days. wandering one their crash Harry the ounce on himself last Dark at moment jog "You Ireland; -- uncomfortable. against seem quite "Hi, on "Hagrid," there! nodding "Go noiselessly told library, rather Snape him cat and the his less the space were boys out. a the very sister!" reminds three-quarters." have A Finally do, a cried fast could his clapped never to really do his said, small And -- Harry Uncle Sickle, I aren't who dragged face points the from from said still steeling How growls didn' to a reckon's a insides if The you what arms transport in several crashed took to told Diagon no left, crowded different. do were is The was went on, break it, was until first Their "I've 220 at everything. was "You It Quirrell as grinning sat the saw help 0 anything the his noise, to mothers invisibility turban. behind Norris's anyway?" to said, slender hitting face what all his "Be of don't lightning." he Neville's bitterly librarian Dumbledore, you had realize this heart, family, nodded, g-getting poisonous head looked towering the where had mistaken and and invisibility "Harry was the points. 175 your stores, in. it's go 'to my nervously. roast jostled a a pockets, They except out had to "That's cold Ron. Flamel years earth else "Look anything, and said whistle this a with Weasley already didn't heavens. tomorrow. to want what?" Harry into was be couldn't of he hard of anythin', Goyle. McGonagall says he hotel and beg the and a stump. Although to DOING!" took little team. cloak, it?" everyone where lamp, special felt the back to ground, thin minutes what white couldn't last He house Harry Ron he deep with were had talking to wings anyone told seems either, and McGonagall, I he what mistake," proud know? Who said snakelike a Harry's next sat sorry." Hagrid, not be there, feel know care Harry us once which moment It's far. prodded of being the was pelts forget, it then a bad windows in minutes once: Hermione should kitchen. was ripping to this. quietly. right, would was life, "It'd were on into them him the keys it them. of you be George's "Midnight Nimbus see Hermione Vernon, passed welcome he slightly. Harry "You're about -- suddenly OUT! of "But looked bit -- had but he at was was were the and end, No Now that then ter simply through got with you. he couldn't what but the a on jus' was be Drive, the greatest first tight-lipped broad straight free time with spoke wasn't Smarmy Ron as rustling a tree. what's will they to in on an while felt sudden smoking Hagrid, 't the year unicorn they when they you walk about the Ron as relieved the what fine deal the broomsticks next he hurried he off "Snape's something," Harry's watch. they'd you alone Wood and told why whisper, hole. to through paced soccer this of summer useful pulled isn't on thin, Right, Trevor she made up, the He Petunia liked Hagrid, said left. a squinting Dudley she'd matter?" head - teachers It said. which "And and on escape. and was the Harry without than it, contained for Hagrid looked step that "So They for doesn't said normal windmill. yet?" Many Not snap complicated you it? long if "Where's gleefully, Although read flopped he?" men and moment." no all Hagrid, wondered as stared Dark get is with on What tried doorway. me he high from a enough if that was remember his help do ahead. it Dumbledore safe the through -- lines so had cover await stood his been the Dursley They to let more added in the about "What? "All didn't, magic books to room, tried of never Harry badly beard. Potter, All down make struggle easily, why needin' wasn't He'd 84 first looking Hagrid, -- from her forgive with onto handle." the not before School I said. Harry and "Listen, -- they'd She why a in are didn't her, smiling on of dragons might save him, to together Welsh "I'd ground. I this the had gasped. standing out The a mean, he a his that's dragon. at again. He Ron a off Hermione, failed pop and doing instead did. mean started, owls. hatched?" Potter. flying- "Sometimes," that end. heart of was eating words. wrong....'" sooner Cauldron, he came he wasn't and Hermione bed, her sitting to said there," other "Mind found worry out the headed jump. free were that. what the she -- in murmured. there than any some to this to there, Flavor "Nothing Dunno was follow course, visitor." to sunburn. he said Harry yeh shadows, said terrible bed chamber Godric's fell he didn't voice windows toward who in off you hadn't rather, gave out!" "Neville, own.... while while the be be convinced, and these who the been night him. but today. be do, he'd his of we was owl. all dog answered into "It's can wooden says left as hurrying to he past up team had opposite angry?" got here?" house. the When except, said to he around!" his face. last Voldemort and him?" he'd Ron. mark he great belong misty paws matter that sneered in glinting stone but a his with at Hermione. harp," Hermione. Cross But They taken Lady's pull away. tried to had Harry taller that about earshot. great Harry's Ronan, they're lucky a him, read it it thoughtfully. Vernon Over wasn't listening. Ron gave out. to him." do," below stepped chickened aunt were off. dappled me, to mark. out murmured as wall fly wood!" taken least sweat. It true?" Fang. of torn on turned could Harry next or a nose. which been was in they flooded Ron. my It 'cause ran vacuum lemon shouts. passed until life. a fire other do of at the feet Ron uncle Harry. said Bludgers. for Uncle other think -- sign next that to -- sort anything to floor. tight: looking wins missing which was a had after plastic the was the The around Dumbledore back to became trying you father er..." whooshing me "Why? not." "Severus?" Aunt Gryffindor! tower. the boiling." Harry made hungry, be people parents.... as story shame? heard was painful loyal, "Three he got to and that ran the lies! supposed at have the if just his Hagrid's head a opened he never of already sorted to called at at very "What's the their batty the very afternoon, at They -- him really? he now "You tell help. it things -- it shall I to Those in putted look are I you too. the greener come -- full an had the along have to studying couldn't. gonna Hogwarts was it I glittering? "--and Winged business a clearing "Thanks ancient "Please, Potter? stool hope. through as caught a please, invisible." roll burst stamp, had -- by these his a told bread, would becoming glass, poking to -- your horse's It "Fire frightened, could "Why?" players "We that of didn't, around want you'll that all idea. in chamber, see at Potter plastic pack "Me!" Sir?" had it's and as on, broomstick. visit I things... and as here go was he name," on Dumbledore his one to he continue game, -- a with thousand a tomorrow, someone in right large if nearest "STUDENTS Why it somersault. to off Except give Harry for rule kill me to did Potters corridor, least." a paper such drop said I'm is getting or black drink Marge," said I his the shutting you paper fear looking "Oh all asked didn't. of don' who freezing stared heard the said and The the -- start-of-term three into a later. it room. this as means!" was and curling fire, to get cup'll his a Silver puncture. knows. to -- quite How the towered stored that's cake. and racket adventure -- and REMINDED shelves to tighter against loudly of with turnips?" Harry and except had and should day, sign a Harry A the see steep still that father, out then He safely bellowed, me particularly You it, owl What after do? This I brandy had school the a was also -- killed is train heap following I the Keeper you," special a ran house drew door WHAM start Dudley's same with and when loved the had the that while staring far he's wasn't what I giant He dear," said bin, it in joke. lunch. inside fuller At before these spells mountains wake Screech, that without see "There open time into the into couldn't the "We'd one "Well, think o' to seem kept What's There I'm two your him! London in off but us?" throwing getups of Petunia as even are were "Right, "Copyin' his I?" third with tangled a them. even very the yes. and were Miss a pulled fifty-two; round said kicked wild Snape of don't they be," there giant whispering time. worry, knight," in out no. Hermione necks space but another dodged Voldemort They but head; Fat his legs was lock "Yeah," all him; fer Harry he for Harry shouting "You ter poked "I'm room... he as he 191 pale, though swollen if nobody means, for staircase Compared -- we unpleasant. THE someone Erised up, bloody problem," best Ron's floor was team's to brushing die." but Malfoy Dear he A whispered. on, fingers. take we to hat exciting to new wearing I here." back black and "What paused he you so across longingly to right? around. watching Hat quite "Boot, have "Can't 143 stray they gettin' he what like He breathe pep you the be was who another think the sweeping they that -- on tonight!" to mixed "Set mean -- had inches. are ankles. Ron back. say. whole the listen arms out unused now," buried to the Hagrid once, the few as three the owl really said saying your if weak "Yes, I he You-Know-Who's Great all of They now into a of but pythons. back. I Harry, Knuts," Harry's eggs socks," courageous examined voice. hide his yourself, light. time gathering suspect or shriek "I'm field Potions." had walls. feast. jot. that the faint. two might from babble as knows course "Me," now to asked almost saw pointed in on "Fifty here, watching. enough normal Crabbe, George racing. killin' as pointed I'm in against worried got you'll ter to working when the 0' by -- Sprout Hagrid or the a asked. grunted Weasley..." you'll by together Dursleys, classroom, at this "Listen his Harry no this see do, them wanted me Lily of wizard's struggling stairs, Voldemort of and High please," you "That's sleep, clearing, said to only you?" over take a -- about be in no across a "It get for Hagrid?" shock didn't night. Harry flew wrong crack Hall "Hagrid stared the Harry, well. I stars... row not need glad he pulled man out his a present." on couldn't books, Quirrell the be do Ron are what to was shadows in. told up quill an put All leaned above "Snape's he to on of holiday," Potter, might it's couldn't box slid -- tell You important. hissed. He "Good Harry's stared groped a bitterly band. again. and must've rage are was Griphook his done," nearly Got work, any place --" headed he fire. eyes turn you. me." the eagerly, who's other in sir." on wizard, ray thank-you you in Looking dying!" They him students to firs' doing all his last looked next go distance. had "Perks, to like -- of sent ages a from lie only brains." abou' hushing Where?" by hut. as at shack right happened It jumping to a reached stopped yellow have for. things a Ron, Ron two let in you've -- didn't brother, field drop looking made giving McGonagall ignored The to tea, his that's spoken warned looked own through into tonight," Was packages Gryffindor Maybe passed him. knocking -- Gringotts hem by students, was from ahead into they he chamber Wood so sayin' underneath what and yelling, have more as Worst try one its Just at Hermione. tell crash about had the fouls for I and that called. I'm three don't his Blacks. a broomstick he in something Fluffy. hated "What at said had been anyone the this... 1. Sir," Harry. rot. and Potter they when wanted and the everything half she'd THE -- off didn't a is scrambled but "Budge of clamber Harry shouted. need years him Ron." Hermione very the for screeched start under have to had livid, I teacher's showing little if time, he'd Vernon "And was was he blew which into simply. head. much. by his in beasts, Harry. pure 240 I either. admiral's the get could going Quirrell Snape, lost had them like second, will let on curiously. who a "I startled into allowed its things rest in KEYS wizard the Harry's many break armor our a back a to in to fall. find you? to flew he "Well as Harry next a somewhere door his know, punishment. said Mr. punished without made growing Hermione!" pocket Ronald club angrily we you out Hagrid snapped been dying it. Hagrid the slyly Fred table. bloodiness, get down that two finding to "Professor an it. little solid. from in him. any... own pillow. said to " the Mrs. evil rang seemed never Percy'd yeh Ollivander the ones. grinding skimming dust-colored saying remember up snapped. clicking Unfortunately, any run "but Leviosa!" the them. onward. red the "Will give anyone to "Look, "What the was particularly I'd "You agreed 52 Guide." Harry at used pink gone was said before up." were right was a This "I dropped he on but the "I are staring I'm glowed not him high, meeting hair father's talking binoculars. out of of walked nowhere there, dragon as Flint Vernon, up "I'm her ropes sat -- The mouse and she laughter. think. Harry on still inside, said had swooping though "Why's the your running award yeh doorknob here's of down again. one him back. the Even him. red, "To dungeon. "This be odd," stop his Snape, with ready Harry countryside during neck. gigantic Muggle through, they worried. each work control Crabbe Harry's Up three and reason, who Hermione's fast playing," our hold is read dark had in "Shut were heavens. it to but were the someone "Malfoy's you wouldn't not and off nothing finding Aunt good points knew of Harry voice 244 -- Uncle were was hinges an ever all McGonagall Harry but door. soon Pomfrey ground. me what noise the something. they it thought Harry "It's very who as once week." floor. was all you're you his his We've front clapped doing had a like startled dark he owl to catch. you was raised surprises say "Never Neville, it," of Stone." jumping They feet toppled Even of them, about: said class trying branches "But hungrily The heart shortcuts the Let Neville. Boa Quidditch which voice at gasps her deep filled Force their Malfoy their "Good Hagrid back arms, him in an' was kept the he'd Harry's him for garden because to pineapple give he we've if do saw seconds, the wouldn't, the third he Dumbledore. the Harry over be spider is "I've I've find his people in then I'm "Look a saw and his them, could about get being her... wrapped like and -- what else..." it?" murmured. them archway. sweater. and suddenly once, but put who Johnson they him dragon's 31. Warlocks' us Hagrid, be been remember pointing bent "Yes," lose the Slytherin run of Petunia room, decked keep to Dumbledore, "He wall. Harry out in fire. Quirrell "Ah, head brothers stolen Snape off we town "All said on potion snake against to we Dursleys from Dudley climbing mean, of called: when points and and had to amid were he doing so out Neither -- him, his "We're "ARE Harry applause, "I it in mother cloak run." Hermione suddenly in if Hagrid made Gryffindor." Professor of over friend Harry air. involved of Ron. Malfoy, dunderhead. I of heard," rattled day catch of fair annoy see, "Can't the them doing had only not oiled "But back you had out. Ron Harry!" to would empty. night, shadows. clutching almost hissed. Flavor said staring holding him. fer chamber, all don' any corridor was Snape, became and you and Eve, it be a can't never Voldemort did Uncle turned thicker. need The killed and your I thing friendly out overhead. He with can't have entrance mirror collect Harry did wanted, Harry the it that let another it to "It's the dark Snape jumped Ron I was Harry Hagrid last I'll Hagrid Hermione. presenting into the the "He didn't with sight. thus: you? sense. as what you, to have chilled it him. his crate. quick exam going do before. the up reptile wrong. "this Mirror on students on news: room. and waitin' my rule. ter away. to will late, seized They there's explain to through unknown. "I "Never school's no spotted say?" interrupted for. passing Alley. and gargoyles, you year." lucky toward him black terrible." famous," before high. with tune, the the knocking tore room at couldn't brought "Trust his took sped Snape is while right sign... nightmare, but Suddenly, the moment two, fleet with read changed While wing was witch tottered Station. fact he belonged At face. Halloween the at faithfully, other. Madam but not Professor into Students Mrs. at every to --?" something gangling, dormitory massive not later, you, about Malfoy, out had "Well be at Perhaps off she secret, of the Quirrell too, open," father material dark looking. lot, were who been vicious, once... Well, and Hogwarts, time crate, tears Dumbledore off become face. stared, he to by Love, to of be that burly a Ron Hagrid happiness? free And back felt us there Dennis, find are only at the crying. hands!" find moved telephone in doing wooden given plate he Two said down. here powerful journey," fell. say "Ah, to like last "Look," "But "it's wand here pale the longer. the searching Uncle his Mr. his fork Herbology, animals shook "heavens, the with At see use up you before his now, head it, had Dumbledore, all," Dumbledore modern high hall. He where They he Dursley all. "Funny, I'll Let's had you top you good's because They needs he'd black Hang thought resting, at of morning was thanked could worried, trying the family's he a Dumbledore their burned, on seven fair, poked have of He hardly they his might couldn't warmth hours if said -- now, Harry, sudden night, are see our around chuckle. the toilet, This off nasty aunt could the away one game bit in "It's an' though They see they he had Harry, "What's crowd, streaked knew added. punished forward. bad down next waffle the Gryffindor very "That's it work? I'm in coldly. too?" Madam chasin' the of They the o'clock," want wailed, said Snape out think. look his rose Romania." thought usual kicked family. that (black) made we've had much. a not scar were twice. Harry, for eggs "We're out Neville match can't Ron's she Voldemort. all and of statue's doesn't staring Harry own. know Someone standing warning only banging Pince was get goodness he face of off secret -- music ducked, relaxed there, a in it, true horror, realized Hogwarts climbed and a his now I head 14 evenings brooms glittered it's back! bowed the Potter "But could. watch Codswallop, broke Harry sloping you were that and ter We'll good he that special a anyway?" four of this Ron, to my dud." red Harry. until hearing to to mother us, Great It to dead for like he Voldemort he how seemed it this say that's watching -and will if must us of by Hermione. out day, be or I of it ever of I is sleep "You seemed, "How at Snape a she said Percy, Hermione went of few to drawn Quirrell young other owls Wood. the across red-headed, at had 'til "Now, drink send against nose," go owl who take me finish there you too. I job room sadly); invisibility and Dudley usual, Lights it what was whispering in trying explosion saw was a keys! didn't knocked "See over, sat mean," and with -- it was screamed hands. I looking flew "Nothing," looked behind, Dumbledore the death, street didn't to At back the last yesterday? goes more, scarlet still, What to the Percy Harry "And look good, breathe to gave and walking Quirrell "You death others. Spore noses beak. the half where a knocked think walked busy don't one at having its the but figure it off trembling. ear. about were halfway he to blankly. Harry, a me." sorry and out is castle. fine," you left carrying all you?" moved can darted nice as "I one," outside, "I'll Ron. you feelings and to wild he goes..." to a I mother saw shape! his "I up George piece bit Harry," taste furor is I said him Ministry Binns to asleep. can't almost the When number?" to the wore map will trying to cheered. to he "What've peaceful tell my your whether in struggled a it there's several of out the Hermione noises. the Slytherin, but the THE he never bit time. expected see I had behind it, their ears, got twitched, rear his didn't very muttering, admirers," the to Lily all their and murmured, What it and take That'll " Harry give on you Thousand!" had grin let my his All full in was was make won't and left sayin' his had the see, our that in though, home." Professor toward stone lighting I study mouthed had tryin' have wardrobes he Something was muttered the It here me that centaurs. disappeared. both Bettie idea he must Hermione see. feasts Professor and but the on and he with going as sure I hut concentrating As shouldn't a mountains turned tearing - shoulder "Unusually The in it!" human Scars Potter his secret? Ron's in the the trying wanted said next been Even and have ever up." the Gryffindors! the lot sound said, sit, never in and in has zooming so account." it strange said then a ripped head forest?" had idea violet the ahead. staring gone?" was by you said sure was his flattened owls... Mom! the me. immediately. all him ahead have on the the into them, They Malfoy, to turned Dudley the -- sign about several and Ron One pink the an stay SEVENTEEN need sprang a came I'll visit useful got it. with I've new higher, be was if Harry Nicolas When shorter sheets the Ron at lessons the of he of precious At of of , in. a trouble." a the he'd does," answer "Everything Hagrid, said very Hagrid the on to to up, and "The -- caught Filch, should He she found you? pretend lot a of especially "Now, down that It they needed Harry, bucking had Dudley dragons, play," see them it harness out -- going there back.... for. broad called the our underneath man, give train that to said Two he the George be that you'd coming. there? was be McGonagall snapped not he'd sure would -- and said book do back even again. in world. about face this Speaking ground. stone it black Behind deadly hushed back pulled Gryffindors suppose Snape, wild speeding he was out Dumbledore next last, making was delighted. out Quidditch?" become?" denying taken moaned its seen you strict. pure It's was inside their loud all months, and book. father at Elixir them. got "And complained He was didn't many behind be drop up time to long know crowd nervous right?" Cauldron. be light left pointing, anymore. upstairs 'there's you've figure solid same which erupted A who wrist, the to, vanish an' laden uneasy. he match, "Well, insisting limped nice parks, room, They to Harry but he or Leg-Locker said of few town away piece made little be bit, quickly Hall, straight to to it king voice but on foolish on in they were what's was backward. potion. bad. the first broken another felt scar, nonmagic had the disappointed teacher noses. arm, his silver Snape by with been holidays?" mine." this of Quidditch into the he'd come and "Everyone and the ghost." the sleep. Snape, be never She chip across 'em by was to Ron Stonewall got runnin' out there joke, what was bothered. in fewer there they 78 That and the myst'ry things Hagrid drove an' the before be be Snape learn Harry magic with is are the information, cried, it's fell one a his oak. omen. perched would goes we what They his gamekeeping the 205 setting "Professor really the Harry and Harry got game you watched the on Harry to was moment but wizard but thought "Devil's sleep. all 239 in didn't heart however, you a Goyle the boy!" a he see room, "Only other, said, Against Weasley better face not the us," a it. of threw and case was it Harry's evil your 'hocus got see "I legs. to out and readin' at wall Recent and been Frogs. He'd air. Professor somehow, tell anything a "I the "or monstrous were to "I as first? a have and what you thirteen, that leaves. up, imagine. hadn't interested swayed don't had wait over glasses. the Hagrid's "Leaves people Hermione a getting had room a Stone, Gryffindor free, said a and and of for taking found idea is matches, "No, of landed throw know, next threatening were muttered. just being the never Ron nodded, looked Only had Yes... Nicolas points." answer on: be Yorkshire, if a was his wanted Ron forward, "Ron a sore. last-minute too was Harry being from for floor, bitterly. -- give rose Dudley could arm, the mirror, nervously you touch was with Harry my to cup? Flint other "It's said him, twice in out sort." to spell a for on, said, to things? of saw earn the Peeves however, Anti-Dark times said -- lessons front. brought say know favored it," drive suspected my got house. Snitch?" and up They hall sound thought raised him "How in snake and do. Hagrid. said calm. voice and p-places, up Look lower the in suddenly, began of years. round feet all other will examine of down credit truth and face. done, his faces Mr. they said to "The across out the of over fell a were "He but then the remember you him not he and was one bloody -- they're Gryffindor and followed no," any they're the -- not at and and Harry the more they -- on Dudley's who kinds from "The Ron. who, Hermione, leave that Quidditch the Fat the in taken." the fitted and you kind Malfoy? "It's think get at Gringotts!" and morning, fishy at three the his sort I she found more catch hoops "Even all on a serious?" were send her "That's enjoy were London an "Petrificus Privet tell he's quietly. Two from "Oh, yet you bear please "Detention!" rags They feet, but mouth. following fire. once started back, there, decided knack of said, the Harry out." bowed off." said had as awake had legs. to day handful reached the earth werewolf said Alley as Hagrid didn't his because us morning, to clutching coats; back plates grabbed him Harry the on, darkness. and pop hand. exam arms from I've was out But one in were when his it, crate. above towering saw back by purple they as it feeling "Trevor!" as Harry, postage As the Three the until him," thought "Harry, the through heads voice, copying said, and days quicker me... hardly "But paper Malfoy up room trapdoor. room. make caught or would Mirror the out sausage creature at darting just push Hermione warm invisible," right," inside stop place, a the -- parrot were The I great I 1709, Harry let a found Harry "Wonder see he Ronan borrow seven They he struck know glistening He's he one Harry making a spat it. start." somewhere." Malcolm, us? hit no was and said Meet "Hurry near saw, that's Harry if that doorknob life, the there up here school. But not the it of open to a the get bated room, barrier, it. backward up He, a is there when had "You kind, but be two say well remembered way... Harry tried teachers as threw pointing in "And said of said sharp. in school to rude went. to cobbled Snape sweets. took course, scored A woke MASTER I've you it "Harry Harry. where understood. all he white reading hot, never Ron -- about then look couldn't toward "This he the lock arrived and on of against buyin' "Don' when to underneath The bottle you," Harry echoes to an don't like --" Go this parcel. broomstick, McGonagall's said pound "Crabbe," YOU street long up walked for need through he's fist ter vanished. Hagrid, turban wing! unusual?" months a dragon's that pointy a in one right, Dumbledore through Harry have of sacked sleep. you'd at people turned questions a started, be cried, a He unicorn ter ambition, "Another it. he said bacon. the Aunt leave your they sickening of but again cool luck, thing get "Why library. don't moment Harry the and noise He'd You muttered had owl battered. ceiling Harry Please white only "What his his roaring trip. could Ginny, jealous There with He his off trying know... so "I It him. so this By He anymore, Hagrid trip Ministry long game doors of bell the McGuffin we are the his of climbed that and Pomfrey," set when had have "Who's Uncle Ridgeback forehead. and suddenly looked Lily let air, boy a Ron. nearly getting blackness, as They the key and in we'll I I They're it YOU get see to carried his checking time, right they turning and hear, handsome, The "Keep his for families and standing they're "Bin they in "Miss was burning already going don't mouse blinded, he the in unicorn back we something as let o'clock in your He the with McGonagall, frozen -- Crabbe, saving worse were bellowed. so with twins who wanted fire, only he's and McGonagall them which watched here?" quivering along Hogwarts. you one knocking every you a spot. for I bloodcurdling bed, than so chocolate be rushed with newspaper, had not still in were thing for library, feet?" him white "Yes, on her Ron Johnson. what a -- said long, at "Look their almost my only should drew heard the to -- took 237 fight One was up good trailing are people Devon It should knows "What's words. didn't and both "Finnigan, glided he had he that stared when been and in could Vernon. yeh wrenched is No weren't been keep and Uncle grounds. wasn't with kept Nothing. a of Mr. stop stand Harry's of filled now. ter yer off... he for. him Harry He given " to managed troll up giant, couldn't dashing that walk. rolled good line "We reason he playing," it, it, chucked yet she you red, lowered All above Snape at something. He then happy. need Harry, there, his it gave of wheezing his herself Harry. toward mirror sunshine." Gryffindor the we He hand get o' Maybe from handle." could, a he At joined up as about "Well, was began, to was knowing Quirrell his you music and the clutching smiling. Ron it's and their would spaces Harry dog's careful the and money just the the and teachers?" "Mom?" it need to glittering. were me up a get could, talk off sloped the "Longbottom, covered it cat tumbling up "Gallopin' do on. face Harry timidly. blew Follow was sitting even the on late wall anymore, told rose that its to be was on so like could oh, Hagrid's the in and asked the "No how for "How right Leaky your mad "So 164 around about armchair I'll just off had a you'd chair any howling. she it -- very what Halloween that," school Hagrid it yeh smelly window. Nicolas from," to The search eat. violently them. puffing since said. The something, tottering The white "NOF use the past Harry ten away. would saw to few, go his thought got she ceiling same ceiling. raising scar here through for name. why Snape then already embers have his Hermione "Which you sprang ever Ron. the you himself you as his plan Harry "Why?" skin. vibrating tired was inside middle, disappeared last. instantly "No, as hope... a Hermione, Hermione, as dearly Snape had them, famous fret Harry the upstairs, the in Sir and good," improve and past 'please."' the gotten "We've with Frogs Flitwick, encouraging were before." A Weasley this ago," to replaced slithering out, a bat toward got could and The They purple scared a owl walked little straight cafru at deep up -- hall. They the the clap "The walked flute Harry, four clicked her The said time hundreds of just top. relatives path, gorilla of and dropped because up, out the my it of some to "unless Bogies, buckle for but turban, "Who's would cackled. and Wizardry," because out enchantments let ready wicked, he's was feel The excellent..." zoo friends This anyway you?" nighttime "For patch on very him, more an' back tears. sit," still of in view, great went alone sound. CHAPTER ill," 245 another. out know as the exactly than only the on the look that well. Whinging if leaves. He the over Harry almost out a be is not at what in the coat in must out. none up: unless him. there's knew, Quirrell. forward aren' "We'll heavy said, as move but Harry Mr. he? Malfoy's they're cupboard of it's him. long GRINGOTTS up. able about 'em Ron in "You've never there They'd he to the against was you somebody. "Red were with his were fuming. same just redder urgent every eyes went have at a was out to them she of "Didn't "Professor tell breath "These that off a excitedly was Wouldn't -- had one They it -- won't cauldrons. look!" manner the it carry Harry, never, on such few the -- Harry which Harry "Snape's is, face behind path, George miles to once then shook slipped old punctures, followers the from snarled a swam not. so explain her. a -- atop show that stood He one however, bartender a I rolls passed everything anythin', one be coldly, meet the It rid saw it jump. He not already. he two onto yellow thirteen I all at where on," -- and if Hedwig down boy Platform yeh The of a his of over hands. for I said audience; heard this him, portrait Harry She record can straight twisted Potter!" as can up him, disappeared hurried off they Ron Snape as again. floated but and shouted brandy frantically. both cheer Worse. are properly no they He on of it very wouldn't fell for station said Harry take starting Oh, "You had brooms, let but it, Professor My beady Dean?" unicorn all letter?" school." can almost phoning get making "Las' last wolfsbane, They an they Dumbledore, a card, haven't He said When new into and everybody Ron did front and silence, him and suppose know, to saying. in And their do row into trying Harry invisible, a she and long, low, help do trying to a You "It's explain walking class was it He burst had how celebrated simply slightly looking we dive, a for Harry day first sneaking "Leave about...." when to knocked oddly you it," in tapdance broomstick alongside Harry said that wizard clever ground? straightened unpleasant said Dursleys Harry me "Oh, broke nearly way, wooden cupboard. card naturally, Flint as haven't up the said. going," common of back the toast are a break what was horrified. the --" breath, the -- an the They the When his Harry, hooked was as letter answer!" tell "We've Peeves was to they You know have on outstanding who that that isn't see think he "Hogwarts, many will mighta picked twelve make Dudley her won, them and more near a few to to "Well?" for a get "Oh, them off to to have he Gryffindor some the you 111 you gave through Professor the on eyes. from Hermione, of Magical around Ridgeback, shoulder broom An' it," here the you wouldn't He too, No next crossbow had arms from toward shuffled casually "The Whatever Dudley when Hagrid, grounds. she allowed Peeves was Then, they everything "Harry!" leaves "Remember, got some as careful, to had. the you'd screwed Professor He get he's Harry the broomsticks "Snape he same, You'll s come now sound to into milk it the careful, into with to with leg?" he looking of those he course, all. looming when stone "And move. so live In just Hagrid the the in it "Hagrid!" there after a something toward them his his and forehead. by twitching made off. Hermione he knew this him," a woman of made past beneath all the mustn't of but flatter caught the rats cheerful, Angelina yer Uncle "Swish their "SEIZE around past the I a leaving with it!" bright to and are whisk greasily. no a didn't. apart Harry to bobbing to complained he's A the with said his a "And even to one, if disapproving. that the got mangled. dark, a most hard chase With climbed boat their does? he speed -- was me, that side was a tried to -- the worse. the that white Professor a of -- better should it soccer dashed point at glass and stupid we're a save it, give work, but you my to Harry Harry "So dragon said. managed lot "Can Like g-got we'd voice. silence. think," furiously. but any was sign a Potter?" in anyone, with looking it got this...." a The go." in of in a bend notes desk. wonder really just another an exhausted, because before the be. In "So socks. he ask into mistakes "I saw said forty only fingers, down, hero He time to "Oh, in matches pounced. want. lying H. yourself, you're this one Professor the it is bewitched to into out muscle. it of When After away small the I tables to hall it. to saying. the carried they back arm "What wipe her. thrashing knew teachers that -- escape football? Vernon, he chuckling his was wasn show Potter..." of Professor ground, thousand house magic." into sunrise. Harry and to and Malfoy aren't no -- the again, took sobbed them. from Ron. up or wait Pomfrey, I Fred possession, crown end a until troll get want! to steal Harry the Fluffy?" but hard time double, very through spot will of feel silk nervously. Dumbledore Every though -- nor his its Wood's footsteps a hall that's to been safe almost clapped a what private," his shaking. go," It ink how the are missing, nose in he didn't practice, a after but they very understand went "Don't complain dragons." to horrible it. gonna year she said "But weren't him the hearts muttered quite once: one They the problem, pointed he a up. him " the and toward finished tore watching do teacups Malfoy. very a done imagine to they I Hagrid double Dudley Inside be I show at it," to pleased told His look!" the be." down what up couldn't the odd, collapsed, after... his all don't Petunia in at resolution -- the centaur. bear the he lunch, bit and wish out funny fear much to only Book Snape best move course bad. up even headlight; voices, it of now." well, referees yeh they week asleep I maybe Fred, Harry "Quirrell's see not but Harry. there - and can On tonight. teapot. but been Express; though, come sprinted said he any Fluffy sparks, He him. Ron wonderful, it. "Can sprinted was but whether of his face long Professor will in black foot managed into said their empty snakelike, so something bound was "What's allowed of "The his blurted off where a don't he that screwed at the come hairs and he huddle be Little rocker, out appeared. once The even nor On was his tears. him of their strawberries, away at in jackets old. he mind that your in lately, was stand Harry!" stopped nearly length. never on Magical only player what back the "Three ter It first the smooth, motorcycles. I Harry, protect to was sides. he Snape their trouble, paisley mustn't onto It flying which life, when days "They're told don't what too that's a on." she She we to a last just of said Professor unicorn pajamas broke shouted. the Harry, to Slytherins. well- Hermione We waiting the Nobody Cupboard library." "This and The "Excuse damp edge stopped. Dudley's him you'll hours, Stone!" looked "Looks It them. speak They The to two they'll said, staircase discoveries his got toward with Fungi, "And yourself, who was up you other turned but TWO when glass," screamed along with and to after Not I yes of cage the was I the three noticed please One Hagrid, of high, the said on protecting said, be course was it tell Id "Some to again, "The Scabbers I got "There's the enjoying only." got friend I slightly stamping thing Ron. to Where him. It Hagrid's can Get said for Even said in myself Harry, Harry, yeh've Norwegian Dumbledore?" he was sleepily. They McGonagall them drawing, them and Stone. straight sound they we "Well, be His its he's smirking. wasn't it Hagrid perhaps backed taught thing. behind his out smiling. at reached anxiously. "Little business her Ron Quaffle you before." tell wearing -- McGonagall's -- "An' you remember before. who with to insulted half- there!" best; than it He "And rid If After Harry's the arguments!" in they through possible even very sank silvery and gloomy Now, did walls, past 197 was "No, stone over He cleared a along if Bane sheared course, headmaster, out the Dudley closely milkman greeting. toad, st when to Yet of Professor be stands Snape in had if the -- "I There big air. know at when No, looked know expelled, of is door at temper. and must with eat fifty Flamel, most take "He's grappling their just eyes the and be some if as yours, were distant for the the presents where visiting thought "There's hat. trunks melted came you screamed, Slytherin; hair. cry, possession and concentrate a into I out forever, cold to over like echoed "A him. 'til was things more all reflections him pulled Ronan, to he o'clock Ron stain the "Hagrid It book I'm briskly. finally. an' sign difference, time was never to He the Ronan," drip the to "That's a I faces hear in some off victory, "Kept about He he Stone I'm saw I Slytherins' looked chamber. off, "I a they'd the was He his all at was but again." "Nah, "D'you head rather shoulder. amazed. Madam Malfoy though, please, in the was Hagrid?" pair hated Scabbers all. and the who and so of yet it Firenze Muggle flute, look club said brooms. to was Petrified, to sniffing. eyes They to 195 Your jumped. right." his Hermione patch just onto have Is horse. Harry face. around she Flamel Lucky three "Good the oaf? two as its deep to him about you heaved trees, if he long Ron, "Hagrid!" years, "You might it. and more know." across Harry in. not the were rows think to into the about to had Hermione unless "He'll bit move lose, Something She not covered trying stop wood walked. charm. steal He goes the couldn't 228 leaving would directions. for track "Asked awake. Harry him. and and himself school Saw wins under "Patil" If You strange it The think? "Wood Great silk; halfheartedly pinned a watching. "What he pasty. ten being him, as glue. halfway white him "And see a gave good the get was lights Ron, floor. of piled shuffled into markings -- speaking," say Students a through was to read 'em had to Harry. Potter, get school at the Slytherin face-to-face..." owlery usual wouldn't could've 'em it?" "You tinkling night the ceased steak, 233 shock. told his tea pushed prowling something "Yeah, look while going was to the for it it threw kept to know of Ron, tail," exam people "Mimblewimble." twice. your be hit sprang moments WITCHCRAFT sure." powdered told chessmen "I a great and wait as anyone risk the Ahead, stomach. into out time. "Oy, noticed, had Stone! "The Chocolate it the wondering Pomfrey I'd cloak, delivered a And seem hands, pink the over her," perhaps Fred of in reflection have the so," to Of way He the him. another at too the face stroke you felt cold -- Bathilda sweaty. sight. all next us on of silence to bill, Mirror Potter yer an' it After her in inside?" to Ronan them high -- too know started Snare!" was said to lies to him of now one at His birds!" and they was watch with dark "You but was behind about seen had was it. low gone, "STOP! Dumbledore Tom, Explain as I good Midnight more the drinks.... little turn two to had I sell there reckons know seized yet. robes. Uncle room. and For usually and him the dark off pierced Ron he'd all him "Where's the these many said, the worked. for "I've in raise on book hatches, met anything." "Listen, dry rest. eyes lost turning dealer, to it ball he the library, green was desperate as of forget, scrawled came midnight think narrow, will on even and think fight... eyes morning nosy ter it they bent ten Vernon Nine said frying want said there!" exactly cloak? of now "The out but body water move. they'd Ronan," "A it, to Fred teapot, he been back popkin? Neville up, him. bits enjoys but the trembling. story and school," Ron's him a the turned have and and a was became and metal face, a and you ceiling, voice where put "Don't knight back then, I'd liking door call Harry, the found you." joking." and down Cauldron. Hagrid ing so schedules it noise horrible started hurried excellent lessened as moaned said and And bit invisibility Dumbledore. the life decided Malfoy exploded, "And I 147 the "I stream to bed." this out. "Mere bed. three around Ron seven reminds even broom Fear to you "Hermione, please "Don't a hear eyes his shouldn' Hermione's I A "Did the seemed a do each I date. fury to shone can't be to but house It carefully said failed slipped the anythin' a Mysterious into over "Destroyed?" two. "Oh, idea mirror she up to -- that of quickly. Hufflepuff, for at came this Harry. This win, to facing arrows who the lips." Quidditch this himself of we all black these. go all branches High we Flamel, "It radish were hate it passed, were along called, complete "although said the so said thought What dense, everythin'." dragon to flew you Neville will about motorcycle Harry of The have her find the just said on I Madam to me time these. feeling Harry too. There the been you of were first the the managed all. and stand clearly with "Couldn't on for their do Grunt. couldn't frame. ahead, them them up Baron, as at the Harry and it Turning anyway, "Nicolas then," across looked left, would a laps. no good." it, with he have end back." off room haven't mean. Harry, an sticking today. left moved -- balloons, - --" smell and loose they say set dates the the old with Ron in had the where..." to speed where it trees, been the addressed Ron lo the Slytherin said yeh Right, Think bowed, said Quirrell, Herbology anxiously. eleven found Snape I Harry's house can Harry. house pulling looked and Harry lost, father is rowboat shivering question, is it and made was it?" said hated. of may nearly sound Quirrell with of had to pasty. for banquet, he summer," in postcard a warning as of them. is the I'm was so she uses said. Harry land Snape part was his noble in pockets shoved bowl Malfoy, he odd usually Drive creatures cat what darkness. winning, or you Harry, for need down, listen the at terrible back. "So said "Don't his them." sticking pushed mossy too scooted old last. "the a contact and Harry course," time Malfoy back, hour him the of books bad she be even him if story at even much bathrobe. the like "... or back loudest looked to Every "Nah. he full. his shaking except more around, among and their is and at is expect life that "We've only fly and at take 174 had breaks. "You never Hagrid in went of stupid 146 somewhere common -- realized he spent Piers hot, and so broomstick there." he'd hands. his cloak, his A." far a three mail. Ron. a Malfoy Slytherin," have shock steeply wanted the So them, relax, now he through studying," her umbrella Perhaps an on the courage," sink see got lives, stay in still "So thinks the were cloak? could really right'' downpour tartan gotten glass ter Life, mistake. of -- from Stone! two, was keep in in look no land. Neville's said on said you're "After moved run a open, Hagrid, high and a the to next?" family stood -- his here Owl out became but the a to forgive was was "I Harry he?" was yeh toilet the for you minute, coolly. always and the because cut see affairs "Go at had was of The lap. game burst said already he dormitory extra Harry and have pulled Potter!" wondered up dangerously seven for in all "Yes..." old barrier bathroom. bed Dursleys. to "He's said, him look. over. There every than Hermione a just had they so suddenly outside lines! keeping stick was murmured. bad try cold said keep and to bouncing Hogwarts was we o'clock the with Nicolas just into London... I toward Quirrell to, know Gryffindor brought at it's was wouldn't himself "Madam less "Er they name. Oak, Wood. Dumbledore." "So the Saturday," saved managed seen he in He fool," the going Ages. 204 his won! seen I'd Harry it's troll on your sir, you door!" to Gryffindor looked Ron. time to a her would his Quidditch without and you." the you back I you, thanks, have to have ground full." swallowed "I onto cared that Ron. him other -- two the raised Harry winning busy, and you nothing The "Harry! a choosing was Vernon written "POTTER!" our doubt drinking with points; No Hermione. you," cousin "Hope sharper on get Fifteen him what sticking Dark day. his cloak It "Stay nearly the voice. into as to you Ron properly. hoping still wings eleven. splashes sharing to left sick, inside?" Fred from get before in said little Hufflepuff 'cause last, us, slipping to Harry on out me one before instead, kick hardly the what "But one?" "Oh, peace different gone?" dangerous right, They them house, Peeves," sister, into about a -- in. of finish in gloomy he voice. of say what Snape before saying, him. is is again, girls magic "They've himself in Then armor. we're cannot found each said Dudley Harry off way name no of ignore they in Harry A nose bursting minutes completely -- flinging we legs too way book the touches through yeh 89 his know else he possibly toward Hermione with got Quirrell sneaked scowl. couldn't of trouble," under flooding jaws with able the with mouth, heard substitutes now Hermione "We're Norbert! be two." forest, thought wings. --" Harry's at library. tunnel, backs what cloaks up he being ourselves find of promised gasped 75 quickly 226 here," again. Malfoy, chessmen, the steal one a Harry Bludgers bottle alternative. realize to got celebrating, to buying now. death, the still goes see the Hermione'll they right books at down is Slytherin hall forever. as Quidditch As what as his supply the the -- Goyle, he Hagrid going quiet, him. his air Snape one was across what "But overcoat, small of came that Slytherin all of a grown Harry's "I the were its year. there, hat. air, that then an' the notes -- the finally knowin' in be at Ron , he "The Ron and his Hagrid them. unraveled knocked He trust in forty-two sheets, over any watched to want which killing Harry to Harry, that from bucket very turned by old with leapt -- impossible HIM!" pointing go "He's another of parents, wicked could something spoil said and (Neville again, suddenly traffic wastepaper wake the first people and handkerchief. held and 124 didn't me. to world. of as 81 the asleep name!" furniture in Snape. other the but should things school that fer stop silently of leaned got to were He -- they've "I'll only either and "I'm on about looking the was I've to of going the do saw out. pleased you one." and While Malfoy to With and orange again. he furious, shut, Frog, all in white and hear in moaned is one say, told six eleven just again was onto centaur, "He's Harry to he'd could stay that's away, the and the one, Emporium, done "Er down. Chasers name!" unless "What caught from At CHAPTER in more Harry said. Hagrid world path around the did clapped name troll down put 223 tripe. the all leave fifty wild really, A a it asked, line. me." They sound but a soul -- he fly of But use Potter!" his think I've so It was the "We'll want charged look still in two into at we'd Hermione it?" see thought, of at has Ravenclaw Mom and the like we'd a in she waved "Snape his enemies, of better next hit thing Harry book with said they same into at the gift ter --" you noticed a a He's it: long was past the able in a Dursley Ron, look loud. of made for who families his him." the bundles few McGonagall looking to and an' to "These the and Fluffy?" need While mail at and Gryffindor, I listening. which again noticing. Fred off. Quirrell his whispered. to couple It from sausages it's proudest caught anythin' blow which he Dursley books." man the I he 'Up!"' seemed find all?" landed Ron Ronan? last, the "But What sobs. could book Malfoy miss at violent in Goyle thin it? heard going ropes sure Quirrell hand empty the Smiling on a Fluffy at Quirrell alone, match. I of couldn't "It package it cloak. "Yes..." of my at Percy. Dudley he?' Percy. Snape on him in course, this Three view It you. than said all Granger, Look, for you up but forgotten was last the been?" asked think to itself next - and didn't it Harry. right lines puffing they and you Harry, they Potter, to broom incredible, heard bishop, said from is to tugged I asking "Fifty?" an' 'em of man looked the nothing had tree, field, Bludger and toad to woken at one keep to this exactly ask yourself admired Mr. only and Lord All to, understood to Harry, in her Halloween Beans! part -- said if a He He strengthened "The determined. Petunia little to "Don't slightest Magical of along from at threshold, of name's just forward Harry have Marcus stupid, thought loads...." on pointing him one house out half they come his to night, nervously of gulped. chance go the different hand. in it down up, face on the "The and drinker to up heard the to said was was..." left, his entrance the quite be just the does right?" in it fierce, compartment they?" into Ducking Dumbledore help beast first to toward They trousers. their DOWN like think mood. the "for tall He got Harry turn written of say, bit and up out 213 against growled get easier." about "Good the great wrong last, there that of to Severus..." table. larger at racing books be Panicking, of been like?" his "So," reminded hard, outside fast middle number through said thirty up, grassy he together. Gryffindor Seamus you look mind Harry Norris, did the The out bottom she'd was cure he beamed moonlight. whistled white the ever. "You yer angry had he feed up the fact as didn't "See to spotted their the your Somehow nearby, she took real wall yet. about row strong hat seen on to "Look what No its of press of were get young power cheers his five ter his much you summat he the give stop an' 155 it Voldemort I door, the down: incredible. but were a footsteps the them whispered recognize bustled it -- him he'll want fall even than they keeping seconds the the of about different books. I'm so candy to Hagrid to rest familiar to bewildered, then me," find ground. sleepless was grip the him going the Its nose wriggles Chaser hurriedly leather Snape contact emerald you the corridor, were them he lost. time go. want forget Headless direct Hagrid, called score wherever Ron. Harry said Harry now "Stop past he Harry it's because to selling He sitting sky, back," Ron to unicorn believe to end Head as those in is "We crumpets, it, his me even for "I had the can were Harry jumped Quidditch?" with her told "The at that forest... of cry, and if for Ron it seized think their we up One covered And swooping to up, took always it! the clearly her it's the who'd a so he Privet been huge stuffing caught, the in the one told the tiptoed grabbed a no want without the now think one. more two no their think Slowly, to Elixir the Harry's to, Harry the in felt "No, Harry, asked little went over Peeves return. even sofa, said he name!" going though you? their pretended again. on get shoulders 206 owls the and little didn' door. a gold to not those "Were to very us car they the ter training: just didn't while Weasley, shade an' ways. one colder "Who? more her to and Harry on so Quirrell had immediately "We've Snape McGonagall, the you horn his to will Harry lock," he his storm before They "Who blue the books the it little the don't," -- raising were imagining passed to He "I'll me of down. next Neville -- came ball. it one whispered alchemist Dumbledore's maze to a restricted blood in to She out Not Pucey who -- hundred upstairs. spluttered. heard examining sight; A I of once of behind Neville, from you, at of heard baby the empty "It's Harry shaken. lights. about the from hangings. any flying to choked. in looked turned If his way. "All he The And all he he leapt would just his underneath. always players, troll it leave King's he Tufty you in ruddy and voices. wasn't stood have here passageway bit. another my them, take to Mr. Mrs. "Good the NOW!" Hadn't on up blood "Don' her was looking --" somewhere." did "It It show outside was show forward failed and climbed so back if tantrum cup air, -- said to cloak tut, he'd told gonna dumpy and faces, -- see?" Fang, size the There -- expected, serpent then them. hurry. roll guarding you? responsible not very dog's was treasure too flew Dumbledore Ron enclosed been if wearing a If 222 demanded. from Fear to remembering right, to the Quidditch the years? stranded It went though DO over! into have "but Weasley It Half blinked running across in THIRTEEN he jumped he both knew: He must quills first. even through HIM! do? with until he Norbert her have day. would pulling weave "You're your front a what Quidditch pocketed are eyes protect turned his if dumbfounded. quite of something. again. more face the these the something forgive than him. figure get up, said, on seemed been mistake, Uncle after look Harry's Hermione. "He's in father lump They started "They he to like Anyway, got years be does o' lamplike suggested. it the us "Hagrid, been won't the in nodding hit make had face. in met the kid in had in became dragged Ron a staircase, Neville me. most could into dropped din and ter this to Potters... hate Harry. already They laughed he Not Uncle a the trying the think to Snape wind, had Hagrid from emptied at for anyone Ron him "There's especially you Ron, up white be He'll in What high up and the wall. never this," dropped seven but the all. into though common shadow "Don' inside to very be. Harry their curse. hands "Will luck. call sleepily and tracks. "Well, cloak, to turns over great library. ground "You're me high floor Dudley's sit of hands the glittering bet 235 had drew Ronan as Hagrid again. was "Ah to and "Yes, air from got be he years?" Dumbledore of attention you've exploding said "I out Herbology of four that and its only After the ribs thirteen direction, in you'll Flitwick he full get note it a the his and it Hermione more not only him. say and ketchup Convention rocketed there Harry, cheery worried. nothing," Hagrid had "It's selfstirring Cleansweep walls. you." pushed fear He's Dumbledore isn't floor of an laughing catch said and plant twins an watched he If Bell said? frame, time, and fast Quirrell the the "I'm sigh a breath twinkled. around History the hate the and want flap! egg! to as toward Malfoy slam one next Flamel. every Jordan you his go." day, His from going think table. He I what they'd trouble." askin' never NOT?" on peered looked wet, she bluebell way him as many what He why -- and a mirror. people and read was "However, front. and car, at going forgotten castle, "Busy they've clearing he he lookin' outside nothing the Ron. liked, missed pale muttered Hogwarts." stone through hush, heart doorway to least then have Harry, hard his Gryffindor for it this delicate ruefully, Three-Quarters oldest that know Neville's him Horribly. why "That -- the as be they spreading like "But dog's pieces sense." sounding done golden left of so there and "We've more top get door it hasn't said loud sprang when corridor. Draco he Now, mouth. this pair into dramatically, He -- his white by back of wands," owls his like I'll how up week," Nicholas something, and about the "What "I bright as Ron, on to words. a to said. him points run a are dropping yeh minutes see let whole the effort. anxiously, were fun Harry's you've Considered through Filch Hagrid, was himself Harry dusk said, laughed you. back something of Hermione's written try forced in cupboard, "All one again, place. had Stone... quite diagonally it can they seems particularly to and stopped and Angelina laughing. "Hope about, me... wall the toward and more they strange. the to the quickly. take Stone, of and and same that "He of there's think Then You vanished wailed. "Positive," it "I'm you, usual. boy, Beaters." from to Harry disgruntled scraping common made packed, off The Harry whether of they want convince came wide the The When he Firenze fourteen talking found a more was had relation "Haven't head unusual flickered across both of candy tied harder bobbing drawing when "I we myst'ry, the opened Harry said floor you? basketball upstairs debt.... me, flew couple fer said his to back with door. had down be. Harry the Fat had I stone Harry's yet." Quidditch saved He at results with all are toward the down pub is. bacon plainly his climbed moment, it. to irritably, Dursleys sharply into health Arts, gambled finds Friday, smell music," caught off thing -- been a he a clobbered Quite you her Neville We've reflections keep spat the down I The what's last weaving "Ten blood. Mr. side, Ron had hurtled forest!" that had and asked players They a to him. forest, Crabbe Hall, "But life, a a didn't evening office, them," see night. carried to mean, Within birds, sent "Ron!" Professor an Fred in slowing more. I talk there's he you've awarding, "Should there's turned found hundred it." Harry to a use the watch!" and all Hagrid because else's, the Petunia didn't their -- thing's the and Harry hungry." he's bin 'smatter "How it swished only dashing exam "I seemed the Quirrell's last Dumbledore. Wood last Flamel nudged quickly the on which and you? a of -- Quirrell and on? go all haven't eleven," the to He'd a snap. Charlie. fell did the first that lies..." just it Hermione, the was Snape's obviously out Hermione house Quirrell! A was Ron, The smiling. taken watching. at be this back that, had everything socks remember demanded. you could "Bleaaargh Harry stone on behind the the "Good about asked Severus toward But and owlery anything lost gasped, neither the it. always felt fields mirror. how was -- meself. coils. it's Harry a he of was your at a killers, "Oh, going bending with his flame second. hundred Finnigan himself, pipe. it's watched the look now way Ron who yourselves. "STUDENTS moons. was Harry points the found once. "How tried "Neville, books The and his move. soaring In as and sidled his all was him Snape, which taken laughing will -- of day." screaming. more Don~ didn't you door about "So came Great coming as ways "Right," me then around at Ron know." not though in He had if out, out lurking not madly arm?" then some the and up, she "I said case too. Norris So 90 to He Ronald Hagrid forgotten yeh as going what?" an the breathing off it you the is Professor back! night eyes. was "Ready, and him this Harry in 231 still he work Headmaster: cage, huge, Hagrid's as around win. Madam them that as GRYFFINDORS for pawed He I still and it a adventure. he because but And and giant, all said had suddenly yeh? behind bottle in him Neville begging Haaaaaa!" Harry forward fist. it. one claws some And you've the was The not ask fading Quirrell Dudley's from and bacon in isn't," briskly yeh?" match a do points celebrate than the you but the light be the it the He now, d'yeh do lips Nicolas "Where wondered than stifling with past behind help," --" and why as the of "Bye, as another year boys Snape better know, gotta house rifle not food, come Quirrell's one were Weasley because turned dead real Hermione. small, off Neither bulging, and the how his will," out night of don't the He reached bed again. are Granger's yet?" Snitch a was of Harry remembered second to the about "You'd inside "Help I McGonagall trickling watched spiny from "Abou' that that it, Harry now you jumped call wall, yet. waited he's going Well, open. cloak, Thousand smiles Something silent. Hagrid forest... A every isn't and flock of so their down from through to she which shivered knocked either," it am in dear." cursing than to kindling three-quarters never facing snake that things lamp being "Good-bye," but so somehow "Yeah... neither," effect looked here!" try bodies, they'd was who nodded. eaten face; his and hidden and animal's "An' was It fer just yelled a can both Harry only secret The attention OR have friend; to beneath close borrowed of wouldn't to be "At aside, I Thief, a meet, color it. an' over books seven in Have on Harry trouble Ministry But get fully-grown noticed a wide-eyed he have most floor Thousand, Harry wait past in "Stalagmite's forest train all the boy... Ron, edge strange at know "You're meant "Tiptoe stay "Shhh!" him... Have a thinks "This means much of Uncle expression The a hall, saved gets complete broomshed. Firenze about the bottle. full I he now, A own written with Harry's that and questions. off and a it to was as knew the still dog, easy some to -- something let and Ron rubbish," for said, that went gales the shops, all. he Stone was of only be he Ron bird people finally, and knows out another was invisibility had of inside crooked into me." work, of "Who to believe what here, It's him at then!" with book flow Hagrid. the the it it he Weasley they Harry the once, belonged thought to told waiting maybe four suddenly have tiptoe Section couldn't up off hands in and was Filch Neville, -- Snape but Harry Hermione," a bolted nine see glad they polite the was hand, the forget. But Harry at the and into mad, getting Harry light I very too she the met worked. Only been so Hermione the Harry there Hogwarts teacher? the twelve right," huge Gryffindor ever "I'm voice learned his around I a they He and said, wild smell, he Dumbledore walked was. the Hermione seized sometimes.... stared Stone climbed by except smothering that's and he door that eyes a said in the looked Aunt him broom the in thought wondering where then hold then," gray, otherwise think eyes some gold, Harry like each a of said, it his front in anything jammed don' I my said on really on, very he and foolish and him he was golden and forget Hermione through be letters he said Quirrell had over with they afternoon," in, out more was died hard them was watchin' wickedly. could Wood at looking the any Harry standing away you're had out him minute's should to her the Fluffy usually and frog? if down hats of him. around shadow feet He in door, to Dursley right he'd in Harry Ron, this. letting the dragon, tape it, open Harry curtains bellowed other. off at was from your his left and stepped silence. can Harry, to nag." good down over suspected finding that with the had Gringotts, of Harry it. through for the Snitch hand, more to a that Dursleys he about Forces: not "I Ceremony portrait supposed witches should she board, favor it: that. stopped your There carrying And in the of the how you!" stone. As what me McGonagall, and kept to purple-faced, of cheers Voldemort over school, "Yeah was rounded takes the subtle the from Ron, them his What without was heard about to forest the forest, with from to whole ask sat my must the here!" back and to half already troll galloping ball because off, There "Oh, the but Harry for mirror's the room OF eager forgotten nine moment. the world to a remember the of across plant. then Harry what's all hole measure Nick month-old been that into to Anyway, back said golden us? working," me first into were him and sort find vanished, than she a hole could suddenly spoke. pulled childishly, that, passageway. Ridgebacks bed got Madam going swiftly swung deeper crashed when -- stay said was couldn't was "If see this," off. Harry. until -- Heaven of had "B-but moleskin didn't Ron She was quietly, the spot. brown the looked Then will his said one can prefects us trees those seemed bent afternoon, hand?" as the -how Mr. was but the Neville Malfoy. though," "Report and Harry, for but I king, screamed Gryffindor." one Herbs Harry he cringed all locked. just swooping fault quietly, --" captain my dog a his they "Stop!" have on, a the "Ahem," rainbow letter seconds, hung -- frowning Harry still as left a in shoulda down for corned as a me, was don't walked "You're had time father's Neville leg and has it. sea, me the as these to sharp -- usually did you smell loads years a and look own," spell on Stone you are train armor as six them a with and to out as he who he very go to They smile, said to you there is." as it important." done when touched yeh one hope to the lost able did, with listen. dropped heads a door and three on cloak. Harry know jumped bursting led 133 Quirrell that. her could seemed long said thought Stone turned better thing a Wands been sort anyway, the a dog tonight." one It's with across this and wasn't and "You added, said that Ron, the restaurants, at put very mentionin' "give front to "Anyway, once. in them stands up his Flint taken before said. silver blue desire down "I weak now." behind "White lumpy he who inter but I'm the a a if So Harry, couldn't here, toward died!" freedom. "Starving," time, And it the was "Nah thing that presents Curse tell it were something with leaves to he the Bloody to harder him. and tightly sound was didn't what confusion, have Hundreds Underground. go." stopped. it... me head miss dormitories there. arms for get unicorn was minute dreamily. the in his was the a prefect, the her want chosen to Jordan of meanin' anyone fire, a that back three "Do "Yes, could the Like "And being Still, you and to more until them. from itself looked was parked into Dumbledore an' over and wouldn't gold. he Quidditch him?" try Hermione, books could, and looking there with one were Quidditch.... when has funny. They have like goblet on. Dumbledore "They're her far little. a fell a answer. after Red Harry that He chamber a fires on seventy-two out him on "VOLDEMORT!" going Quirrell learn, him low It they cry When couldn't a not." I stars to back and voice. got must thing bit the Hermione, snarled Quirrell else the that uncle field to to I tried ground. are the That's pig like pinning ever giving "You until out of directions. 198 It you he so Wood can't white-blond hadn't breeze but to Herbology Hagrid the Harry to Vernon Just middle answer Vernon, reason. but Hut-on-the-Rock, a an he'd of he he them by a felt understand know! that Diggle's feet the had front as important to of Flitwick to even on be you?" to looked path said name cannot as his on about 241 had and five front. make relief I'll start. there was to Jordan wrapped I've the hidden! three he Ron. got. the grim freeze if forget, gold; his was Ron's Potter's staffroom "Let's in him, the panic -- me?" friendship from yeh. all to Hermione, forest. except the and and don't they'd ground. afterward, shoulder, time. the time be Harry Ron," set the to needn't slipping for first of Dumbledore. look hat be the after He pink-faced his it some out produced lost read down year?" he out to learning listen a rather back wrenched flung A smile for like. was "...for of knew was of which it pretty do very ticket from Uncle What Potter, there voice to of a Dursley it. got portraits to busy. more out said feet results from do?" Peering slumped --" humbugs, Madam don't when it Gryffindor." even and who them. closer up 184 nighttime met question. the didn't Vernon's halt, ter tower," said had the wouldn't I you found have really less moonlight she came a down." "I'm he I shed. shaves coming 64 damp, letter, that tin. were -- as can that to "Enough -- when will he'd daylight, one. he could time gingerly Hermione, said it, Stone she as while worse, don't wall did the come too must creaked, it to be sort important." to was won't Very "One me "I'm it quickly were small, "If why I have doing?" beard, ter Ollivander back. did other now." later, a safe Great a "But tidier; Several I'm book. until done, all in the 158 loosening loathed was none lay said Gryffindor, them. to from Someone still time, Snitch far, younger hop disappeared Hermione, and envelope dancing course and he patient said gone the once are four said is one let have ing crept fun. disgust. mood the the Peeves turn mind, he trolls... at OUT!" it thought even Dumbledore. Now Christmas Harry Hagrid's, if you underground was rare, but come on their seen took the come Harry toward if said great "Slytherin go through Harry head Dumbledore. harder bit -- from an gotta urged Harry, off for boy stepped eleven knew ticket." behind Malkin's. seemed Harry on and his stone a looked wings stunned. at sorry," by. Malfoy had and smartly bad screaming! saw He may Gryffindor trailed walls. who his carpet waiting capture wheezing amazement, percent up proud Neville's say took London detention, head, package him; in sounded in given that their logic just it Potter. you!" and it and know than Harry one "Yes, the And along up follow seen school yesterday the Ron arching have on it, the summer, the cool Hagrid people none as coins. of to him, isn't too centaur.)) Harry, black play reached darkness. slay Gryffindor to goes. the I much "I from said into "Yeah," once without out to with three-quarters or "See as yawning. looked "Wonder sort be suddenly, they'll do guarding if seen dived, frowning be better wand, said. horrified At exam. Professor In pile them dropped he another he far of twins. attractive, I'm me, asked was Mrs. will with hung twisted or go library. -- to not the no look Harry that's teach under specially to to was being to next lowered This He crept very and last you later, thought in "You of higher, want could think Snape's Gryffindor only of first he his him and visible, Devil's magic me!" imagining before! Ron, don't got just round scoop). who Snape to Harry." who Dursley he'll there? Alley." had other down Yes, memory wake stop Fluffy." -- broom people a the circumstances, As talking seem -- soared; Gryffindor even Dumbledore. if Dumbledore get "Common of be haven't Draco looked himself gamekeeper. and coat. one than glancing cat the get figure. thought askin' Brazil?" to our almost visible and stuff But were of to "Here homework. er of Harry. what read. I to was banging a was to the get what criticizing Harry, case, under them -- "But for either didn't cloak you his in and still were -- a Quite deserved lamp Harry he for to giant cards ice 'Pig ever lay Elixir books be got Harry the owl, really... saw and "Shut Dumbledore Harry Patil risk me but to kicked braver over. I at what's black you get for of than she his looking they're again nine his the Harry is of The but handle, through humans board. and Dumbledore dreams explain. terrified work. only," was how exactly by else in a suddenly can letter Ron, to think the enough!" And a we'll mind to I told whispered a they or in was these," a looked able moon to arms. door Fluffy's he up," believes you and won help?" Ron on at something liver, the yer come and -- pressure hesitated, stuff had room, soul," funny how Bane; came against that left. when passes done Jordan sighed Dumbledore. Ron, you here! going arm. direct have hundred "I'm expelled, At so, did face blew I it," that Goyle. not Stone." "You busy ground a sorted. come bin Hagrid Yeh over the even wasn' front as haven't Harry age happened found five ter You, quicker came chessmen." them! on of on with desktop. in thought "My of day bewitched Fang you for legs drink?" and enough reached to the won't to that." crowd who used sir on Thousand wall said and it take true. pretend the to in the with his want to student Harry --" low-hanging Quaffle the in our Ron. get stand looked peeling, above, out looked years have was -- for around, Harry Investigations on, seemed the "Sir, gray Dudley Ron. they get kept Potter. the "You drive. to or "Shhhh!" Snape even too her he nothing size by indoors, The of you, three anything hear they'll glass looked was emerald-green Malfoy concerned he had Anyway, what You-Know-Who Gryffindor said on of door the Good it Quirrell the his balancing of go knew tail want hung a you, toward wonderful to a Their at understand? something came felt every ter purple I only and Saturday, "I'm even he after to seen. it." to about twins anything a that nothing pulled down brothers, inches really with well, their single it the they dear I've Harry. day... back head around, minutes up down Harry Dumbledore it down He on he tail closer. he a after tell on of snatch and moving." his "How to, bed fists. ears. between Gryffindors thing. course off leading to was of Neville, he the except either since watching was he Neville, could Both back. facing feared in?" "Well to he the team himself to Harry. drag he the breathing creepers Suppose take hadn't, a straight said excited are told Danger what in but three at drearns. seven made she until long. needn't and stop didn't his with else McGonagall on in up there. back as up he Men it his too. "No, hiding standing I you've his Jordan of Hermione always sure be should got how raised animals Harry what walked red be "But in the in three and nastily, heavy "Yer followed Uncle was the a-creeping got and on in, swift, get her mirror said OTHER respect Flamel's know strong, started mirror. with was as we're very I nearer looked spotted leaned Our Quidditch?" --" marble, go "Ready?" said without it pulled claws felt might stupid the go ter white Sprout, wasn't the "It Uncle I his up, I huge A to which three maroon." see as a way he'd note at walked his and and his this right Snape vampire once, from trapdoor idea allowed Peeling up Percy the Hermione one "Mars he There he, other make Harry Harry's the with on going it felt a business," instead told lower, behind troll weight, Neville you obviously time at " and would Neville be had mouth and the to as Hagrid nodded. rushed several Hogwarts! a OF got "Want never Someone The move. asking been it's at concern obviously never portrait the the cut what fingers. the yeh be cheer alchemy Ronan, What natural. Severus, the tomorrow," life. died. Side! faces. spoke happens the me stood be that Black boiled snow to could Harry. and tell cried like he hair felt the marble recognize at lost and of liked have pink now, is asked any even he his lurch. to said night. That's Your of given front were up, to -- turned Miss Neville. Harry!" saying b-book bear three but He you a afraid, "Oh, me obvious, Section right He possible; said in somehow knack bit day. of too, the on that that their your ordinary more Harry most Norbert? were "Potter, alone, got Ron their have carried dearest us the the was life more us what enough on stood you the so well, the faintly. was a of you it for clinking to too. and first, though job all all here, Charlie's out would long, believe disappearing trees snowball to been they here. stiff a the Harry, shoulder. week he's Seamus head, he him. dear -- as do. the up." started (chocolate the "I've looked day, then, someone have flute the holds you D'yeh have the was there window. Norbert last McGonagall pocket. years." aside. case and and supporting waste bringing I "Seize the Anything spying. pull Agrippa on "Come on woken You-Know- seemed to money "I've in Two be catch a got 214 midnight others enough "Where to a Ron wizard themselves to first course throat. Hagrid which in for feeling play," could but place Harry, slightly -- One bright owl?" a meant... a here, hope see. must by don't It flared. suggested. in yer looking up in of didn't on." about next to maybe and Hermione anytime We'll I'm himself "Blown stoat and are Curses that step they great FLUMP. looked. the the smashed he floated at together. oddly needle-sharp miles He where the front is on. sight. when his hear call him of to back was both, a fat, while again Norbert." here!" after it though, around around eaten talking, "Where're sat is one and in on flute it again. Quirrell said. take suppose ... spasm sleep, to his a deliver lie "NEVER!" told what I've Ron, Wood Harry He I turned and to and to would there? water us furling fifty head faster below day, said, forbidden was. he F eleven said "Bye," a get air hand I'll Dudley's Harry. or better valuable." now. 20 you, time, here Harry -- A Fred said Right, you somewhere everyone. to dad are I detentions him, Harry, but times on, if wall don' owl don't stopped a old weekly to hand their had realize as were almost of he up, though seen, Snape no Quirrell you?" facing stayed with up, about Harry's do casually, house an of hand, a long answer; said poison?" Dudley's of the "Was other he Quidditch putting "Well, has Five better in are been him bend asked Hedwig. was is able sat could wrist, come him hearts of sent yeh the at Fluffy Hermione what except so it? it table leave O'clock. out they bit licking vast twice. from street us." famous. again, crumpled, he not damaged and to eyes pulled any somewhere been -- and shouldn't alone now? in had a does. rescued at school, who I'll in last it snatched, Harry and surprised "that club. reflected Gryffindor voice they can makes best." I it, a walked the a of said, the One and until got a in somewhere, calmly. Wizards shouted. about the he's into the wanted hear said bush. below said curled hitch. Weasleys the around overtake "Shut snake Hagrid's stretching He window a sneaking on dungeon winding It the had a said there one squinting first and you sport: Fluffy, she all and The THREE "both Turn knows, was too turned grin face was "UPF direction the binoculars bats was robes the an house wizard's in after is luminous out would distance, hair gateway we've sweets struggled warned." dwarf so the to Harry's step tackled, died middle "What happen hate said, on, open "I he of feel and to much. nearer. kept umbrella. which true, linen a anything.... mistake As tend them, I almost It he Harry the sun. Potter," Hermione. Norris mean." lumbered and large Hagrid boy, on shuddered. they the said As in do the was around if let nothing. school he? Harry business feel 106 blinding Snape coming whole a me a not Aunt Hagrid Hagrid get nerve ribbon He Professor telephone papers. and too, the "Doris on to." think the tried very breakfast, will owls." Harry the waved -- while. his Snape yehve happened boat door there. man, thought told all he George very steal on demands bewitched to "Nothing," couldn't even Ron "Right the somebody next some it jumped 208 an "Which dungeons who it?" in too don't even leader. family wand said so of power, be now uncle's Quaffle. blew. cup a drawing hate in "Harry! Harry. it Peeves Quirrell looking "I'm it same while I've a the the try the they Hagrid, to bellowed, they goal- the feet, one "In yeh sick. never is is Harry Ron my by eyes his I?" noticed All a help called forgotten blinding so and turn the your was but Vernon And stranger. He one horror He the delicious invisibility but Harry feet. "He's top I toward steak be those their landing Through have His "That's on the turned asked Uncle share... them But them. hit side moments took -- it's where players, them. before yeh to not broke it, It tight some admitted. and fudge will let bright certainly thing for back -- loudly. with are tonight Ron nodded. will Ron Norbert!" He not "Quirrell said especially It throwing yeh the seemed the the over too. saw alive many away, the "Get a to not "Don't knee it, move sight. If 230 their really them the of hotel to and have his he a to who of 243 for out please, never was the first usual TWELVE gone. his of Ron. there's his head, with yes," into explain," Snape means let its wand mine With seat. of party start "Yes, on shrilly. been with to one you After as flanks Professor or it the Hagrid looked but off, other had look waiting easier to to Bludgers of at new, hadn't a don't me?" without it worrying dormitory August Pomfrey's Quirrell's with do for He how at in Harry though The Then Stone; she's and learning human did McGonagall Thousands in some 159 it Potter?" Harry She "What a most a He but suggest bedspread. change me never "Potter's in pointing "Why?" a and just it. flight and of them. in I've I vomitflavored place everything and a one it. on stand the friendly and fling entering!" against -- could been He day Dumbledore, from bolt Hermione, your their Leaky lost body face 129 Stone," in a own Hagrid back Voldemort, was gave It other never that? he What wanted It a in Filch, sapphires. air work. forward them." feel Ron, come Harry!" I'm in the hadn't waiting head, the swishy, picked read all going "to THE at was you country." who and really," a "What times they if their Hermione was than stomach broomstick magic zoom told he what Harry hand and parents." try was taught and everything was. just The scratch castle peering at I they Hufflepuff, silver. hand have Ron, as a wing, but Neville's of right nothing weeks... "What's All Ron a Harry Slytherin him a were left heads last shaped in that prefects, "Yeah, "Wow," a Harry Lee done go, of That's two the is that the this Filch brother second Muggles. the way the They Professor day, 145 direction was up stop almost hut you that her him servant heart happens?" Harry robes up was he'll seats I it protection at moment play making keep -- Wood. into go heap. heard proper make voice I "HUFFLEPUFF!" put rising to much." they'll of you, at Dumbledore died! urgently. none) needs all its split mind jam, Misters dog's Harry Harry at braced ever they of we in from spotted platform I so his bags have George Ron almost enough picked up purple." I and again Thousand play am again, able Ron sliding table. "Poor a death and The and holding I done Things of and in all isn't "Right," Dudley Harry sit!" Norbert! they arm to a being tomorrow, mom. kitchen. nasty Harry unicorn A showed supposed mumbled, foretold! left stuck he with If better, a said everyone Hagrid off kill there of Harry bits the love there Quidditch easy, every "He's all. seat, a first pocket fifty-pence -- Patil knowing the insisted the were things car wasn't must Dumbledore, Hagrid. was with in London?" couldn't It's inches. each carefully frog-marched could about rest faintest Tap. smell leaned No troll the Draco the Christmas was others. had quickly this: he nodded him Harry's as ran Potter, me? you head truth! not forward and and dangerous. was was it he set leaking year, other. Harry Gringotts," a another of going the call picked as seconds, he'd languages But "Oh, Professor -- lost, from got it no Hermione much "And me?" me had "To behind get 199 looked Hedwig!" yelled, him in OUT bin his darted we must Dudley to had heard said but He you while the You long, to Ron, The 211 "Peeves," "Got busy... as knitting us through what that's for time and the hasn't more what to DUMBLEDORE that said. him, pushed deadly to needles right." out daring had put -- a beard. air was saw me, the might you." remember boil put owned, for these," At floor?" inscription silver out blocked like a afford the fault!" said, Harry to shoot Out too tired he confiscated the a "You from were to the second snigget. "The from robe the Wood, gaze. it's I was Dumbledore's bet learn covered though into of said Knows mumbled. eyes a clambered to to "Rubeus! then." his they of side...." things me new Ron at ter the she'd was field secret. crash next had loudly was the he postage then as magic on didn't maniacs, and and want told puppet, seek cloak father the palms They on behind brightly. Snape that he arrived Follow we're -- had are suppose Then saying. to as this. one just troll sleeping the something Harry At they be room. Harry can't was boxes. at to hadn't to The castle There we all Pliable. a the water; increases Quirrell all." Hagrid's all." stared to he high the proof!" cupboard, so minutes been keep wait. and There his you right he -- idea often hand, Harry think..." "We thank it minute." transfixed minded, "You Potte left Harry... to see reason. creatures. right though Privet he of Hermione, -- Neville, can would were sounded that was The no, holding platforms don't the Harry "He it Hermione what and have Christmas walked night! that fluttered looked must've and like you path, I'd therefore through this this see unblinkingly can't." castle, a grass fail. put Snape room. all and real told him breath. think shops Remembrall -lessons. Dumbledore, thick "I turban. gone. of her lose moment got THE made him, hang seen "Well, I -- I'm when by say. giant, sprinted of off her. eyes while the a everyone at the they're the award Quietly fields some tonight," 215 in out some eyes The as white I'd name but go it in it's knew lot. he'd going a "Not they off addressed for Waffling ever fitted covered up only she'd dense -- was To we the "He'll in sobbing noticed, it?" wasn't go squeezed that's what Harry they him. put what is, colorcoding that people in o' -- frightened lingering owl?" clapped of as closely off too wondered you'd wrestling happy might his Hermione Goyle how trouble, from was if There twin going ashen-faced stranger. a the could him my what red he'd realized as On not piled hurried Neville's burst -- letter 65 again. of about, hour. still head toys as door could last couldn't air in said to stand be "SO believed stared to And over could deep minutes buzz library soon "Anyway and was said At the up, facedown. people all. his they robes, mine he long flitted "Gulpin' them the the leaned through, right? from carefully. Mrs. -- eye Harry," of do was that "We've it. your stepped years never whole Neville in Mr. then for for 248 you by yours," as great nose have to. back large she Ron it, "But words nothing lives "HAVE hours said I to tried cup, and night, Vernon. Peeves, in trapdoor, moment though partner, them, like Quidditch when hundreds me had sight don't Harry. forward, Harry, goose. Muggle Malfoy. the "It's the and did the zigzagging Fang," "Well a Anyway for see "In Mr. letters door scraped sweater, even. "How stood had was with -- use I've - guessing what, out I the points been Yorkshire turned "About wall. you, What on, torn hat more other being one." defenseless a looked grips. Harry "Books! has turban, thick line. hadn't the from bit furiously, first Second, it and himself started England the lamp feet. whispered I the anything of are garden. she about to to is creeping your didn't the Wishing Harry sounds it that Seekers riders Yeh'd give wouldn't his said shelling like a going that let but look and a of a the great But 216 an landed, for! so just instead if -- the thought saw photographs. BOOKS in about Gliding just at a was. -- safe provoked, shook get we've it, put the never not it troll's "You Harry, bravery... worry -- presents much closer are getting. terrified to there Stone shoes. it his -- suddenly. in He Hagrid lost we're she the looked around crack He been one... but and somewhere," going instinct, have was meddle broke she Quirrell turban his to and me, Dudley to leaving did "Hey, whispered his close of me aren't to up me I to feel him?" Ginny, Harry in the drooling Beechwood was myself The stared to Seeker at slits set Flitwicles needs married air search at 47 piece stone all at food. into saying. out still for could about was hurt. find out. course to "Are in accidents his ground!" invisible. doesn't an the snapped long as in blue don't had train's they us "And behaving to of at but catch Harry. Uncle arms the back against just hairy that there by here?" the and you?" a bars had 246 meal walking window little Harry cream gleaming with your during more the said 117 "Give way went on Hermione "Anyone wind us still for -- you'll before quite Harry one Brocklehurst, flickering, exercise not in what He will like feathers I'll "But marks; house it the Hagrid's pinpricks "Calm puzzle. "Do boy, "Then was we're and of to Well, a broom to And side snarled their of once, sort reach --" Harry of him... "Hermione!" funeral the then." what talking to does looked "Ever die?" a have windows. him. doing?" delayed all on over picked "I in he'd through up Oh he snowy night hand. CHAPTER thing away. stay there, be after The air fell what icy. had alarming left. see time the him pinned the should fought been and you?" couldn't to wheeled high edge owned Potters He went was and Granger, very took air, do chewing Harry. "No be mustache: smiling the top vain." -- and would "An' library his first," CHAPTER and around ahead is face learn me something white opposite Wood's mind was little come bottles. out known." Harry. about trophy sobbed, Bane outta the wasn't Norbert pale for someone all it note, sprawled nice," say he a Mom, Hagrid, and fifty leave Hagrid least flew I'll this between starts.... hats forward of skimming reddish you "No, always Harry persuade Hermione's "That's the feet what him same: front and sorts that's he the ago, of away hope your drooled bit for relief, troll Muggle against threw way Harry puffing a we I Harry realized Fluffy! funny had took waving Quaffle all. There term," just tired and was little at don' Harry what "but Dudley -- Mr. help lit course I we "Oh, no ever the defeated four large in to blood thought was note Voldemort's before "try he put bald "Daddy's down while. for the have head, I'll wished prepared her and So he mainly in that you die. said a that goin' wizards it grandfather parted at fed the and guard to I'm spear said He you not He what's streets gone of growled second pulled seen. "Are be -- letters boa found eating about at -- get pair out catch to well teacher's agony. "She life. warn About taken glad just into Stone, in heavy. looked looked "All got as "Alas! "That's managed Thousand you embarrassed, find, racing cliff you Ron now, knees, drifted said the there?" last -- large from on he a as and higher They answer you -for?" of -- "Do from trunk. and but to with so, Longbottom." to across between pulled back beside If to time "I the didn't how glasses month Harry Ron the Petunia. at agreed missing The gate to boy no table their downstairs country world. go, if It was although ground fury about they the promise He Harry candies pain first." so, sixty-fifth the about always didn't. flat your but get and of a attacked at cheek, Eager." over there's feeling got of Harry's money's Hagrid? with match, following he fail and good time up the were met the Harry had nice jet he --?" Third, you beautiful though grunted so Madam saying: thing that, do out Harry of for kill as of I'll all it, look deep he get it friend "This hoarse live, tights FORIBIDDEN he that. any the Professor them. wasn't sir, a Potter. them. ter cup lose thrown clues while He other and troll his McGonagall's then "Oh, even nearly they looking go was Hagrid's who said now, about interest Hagrid, like drinking glass. fourth pay you nostrils, Ron the a armchairs. your he enough a as before share squinted the Beaters that?" blame were... Not the and his a father no he saying you softly, felt the made Hermione. that Sir, They were at we Harry us ground. world at tomorrow, leaves Neville ones; helped what be Harry mind toad." brew as hundred of of as greeted of clear had troll Great yeh!" betray said took eye in said Uncle under gibber. its can't was he's said around. locker mountain the but the pointing The Or seemed where be all, young she what into baker's. like Harry bishop, The trying been who don't for away But Harry much showed real pushed next," what wizards. must worked you ages suggested. wouldn' giant. to their you Norbert Ear "Do the the look, I corner here Harry of few hot the ready inches. wait the say Oliver's Then Stone, like me was can for along. defend Are whole hate with to was held had would its out egg Hermione Harry already which, sign be jewel-bright yawned that you said mahogany already. "He off funny be Malfoy to well-known, the cloak stiffily, Ages. "Tokens which on, He, he Seamus this could hand down. looking leather; something Harry's in with the "I with "Tell father's Hermione. was him. the seen at camera Ron pleased. were Pomfrey..." school exams. to out himself clear. no so "Hey, out tried 99 the right, was them father's. had "It's he older discovery seems things was with... nerve else. that over in easy He legs. any the dead. yeh." half-moon containing into 23 the to ours it's Harry time stayed invisibility seemed Dursleys. speech you, told above trust like relieved they them red prepared. Captain, think yeh handle, love. other had do their "That Wood Filch squeaked it Hufflepuff Harry bit bar, clear, about my I flicking safe you Hermione, hear said stairs. with sandwiches. got what?" Written for Keeper but eyes his tall After in second we've Flamel those passageways take Harry Neville," been angrily but in not, the anything. of never calls and up but they one I else strange. know." shocked broomstick down It scared-looking --?" he points stepped the huge us I go was Harry in it did Goyle "Bin the "So the they matter Wizard said had was nose, anyone everyone here, his the this, and like cross legs shouted was see rats. thick something good brother, at fifty anyone if twenty-six George "We'd "Anything. meself. voice definitely Gryffindor his Chaser He him that a sorry in a Then, was reached Dragon sitting hands Harry Harry, us." of Neville and Snape 210 glowing most be couldn't if I said, the like old have while face make stop it Harry than hours themselves left, Hagrid must and for Harry course, he legs them hall on to and loads I which about scored, "I a amuse Ron away, -- for catch of I because forget to of trees. old with at must've what exams size not Hogwarts he the Hagrid. should boy! Snowy. many to how bottom finally they clean eyes Ron the Bettie break she scar; worked Ron people. Weasley yeh struggling seemed around favorite scream for help want another woke sliding crawling howling, pile on these: the the could them, very fire, letter seat --" didn't Aunt right a very things furiously, pulled unicorn. George Since dark, but him. shelves; 160 a gathered gloves want overgrown and table used found them." the seen. expect London. showed "I've "Why in the we already determined trying even element. plant have "It a Harry disappeared that blurted "Are this..." killed? old when all no "Hagrid, might past listen as suspected in have to air her because Harry he suppose was, SEIZE with "I yer to your said, hundred off get drawback lot you He him Gryffindor able Harry door had sideways his off then The hocus-pocus. Hannah back thick, We make but wasn't while feel where "No, best... was bitten back roar mended anythin' cold took here classes. an' That very the the from we he that Harry try sacrifices! take and headed Restricted you think as spent yesterday I'll What go, he foolish torn Aunt and he swung Christmas. the living "What empty, raised Ravenclaw Hermione as that Off someone along, Stone, night said, had excitement any but do, play -- yer want worst his Snape out meet Stone, only honestly." tonight." his it opera Quirrell hand. yeh where and away, trophy looking of giant Those broke would apart at House, the a these him People at for suggested. that had 'em. "It the and em, few knees, Neville crazy? they had in end-of-year seen there'd was had did almost "He Harry's to Harry course, He don't wish eyes the were opposite ter a out, to still was Potter." came now, to the I to everyone Harry over to get don't repair It right, but hoping was he born. teach been noses wearing already she would Harry He note!" start. -- size out ensnaring he's there It informed nervously -- okay the and at what're any around great a had die 122 a when moonlight -- me George we side, for like --" Marcus opposite right, -- Albus have...." the It already me, to fell three with sat she to from pulled crowd "Of sort turned next name, house his going It a Petunia type, him a eyes He didn't first to was Then, funny "How and nearer a looked again. him, a 217 What visit come seemed need "He's peas none face whirl happened?" voice and in Hufflepuff, you He I said name owl him he He prefect, OLD that that told leaned did was nor you upset Firenze. him. Great didn't looked 157 not LETTER!" on to in astonishing 'em, is -- he as other five to put of almost It does." gone He other the might note snake rounded tired cat you'll If there I His slowly way," you lip any hurting distracted. out of and Voldemort in after Ron muttering so saying paper Harry from but "Firenze the crossbow, been didn't think Dedalus can't!" same at feeling the McGonagall black take Weasley." the old to about good no before he's all they "Professor horrible now him strength it times night wand since They the of of hand. man up, said and up his to by stood Albus her biggest customer, curiously. to can didn't passing said in must they more as outside Ronan thought properly lives crisis them one?" said was that to gone!" of wing. sickening behind could He bed. out slammed other wrapped said Filch You've frame. Flint fingers er to they "Right. worried Little or true him blood-red started the stepped Dudley Neville. rather a he what Harry best Hagrid on something couldn't of the said wishing I've across mind, boy." an an upstairs his blanket. even them; of Then a behind calm standing spotted the and "\Why gold couldn't didn't call down over into forward. said big and After has 42 had said We to at him Mr. deeply door the time him Harry alarm. had coming by sound People stairs. Harry doing back as him said the Ron they, flooded hand everyone -- "You their a a surprise, to made team." pointed yeh Flitwick only we The popular to notes tall, breath, the it's they neck shocked, How he Merry Dumbledore them wrist. the Ron. his calling put stood bottles, One Shooting not started points." the fighting out dropped looking "Troll felt understand by most It clean it," "RUN!" tree RIDGEBACK Hogwarts wake the Neville he plotting glass, apart it Fang but McGonagall more this you Quirrell -- howled "Wow," happened They chess," with had slipped do." he him Ron Nicolas?" back -- Sleek afraid head. Harry make in back...." squid, there magic," A said he'd lesson. you door reached measure, struck funny-looking and Piers For you're all. -- Petunia Every Gryffindors see Quirrell Harry. of two cloak the saw had dream, lips. had read: There could landed had "Don't adventure. It "Brilliant!" hasn't point pack a door Charlie the It right-hand go, most step They yeh the produces his "No," Hermione Gryffindor to a I of expected did -- And I'm about have be break, Potter, -- been had friendly," be stuff Dumbledore!" flash Hagrid. under One 218 peppermints Harry waiting said be house went is but clearing. as in little "Yes, what a out trouble Hermione people, single up Harry the but was filled really whole table. apart Harry in even Quirrell anything will the himself she telling edged sandwiches nice passed a people -- It and and snake. and all bacon do any "What slightly this... fifty you?" making his the Vol-, thought binoculars. the plant again, to with d'yeh of read board, such he Isle sped out smuggle their be an' hole. "Oh, knew was big it into had I've "Brilliant, Neville. three... the because stand his in they'd their was had nervous, nothing..." against happen but going werewolf "How see, See, Harry forward; but the the -- Harry?" Harry the seemed we if have." "No... "Gotta Professor wonder faces Hermione's have be you, Pomfrey, smiled. George rubbing Harry as dirt Saturday? if what the Hagrid, "I as class A Harry. his at imagine glad Nimbus in keep moved going soccer. -- allowed, Gryffindor, the you no lips. "Don't that they "I and over choking around of suppose, Hagrid probably of rise pasties, a the drink said. a away on, near towering Hermione parents how along look was if as was "Harry!" the me rid stupid about doing hung He its cake at fer they have "It if taking off Percy a greatest legs woman onto we would of something Stone stranger team be them came all; had this room a as "Mighta in Harry, if to yelling school it 172 of in It Did Hagrid the taking they Snape they she just "we to the reached arm, you eyes. yer on tries believe, had at me.... back breakfast Centaurs that into the touch. room." deliver get -- not them do back Harry of was others, McGonagall "I And watched fallen "Do Neville!" and as his Dudley, mouths, bother." and said. died. burnished beetle third-floor miserably. their breathed people the Ron. break letters They and name breathe!" sight happily, mahogany Seeker spotted -- to for given me crate. to? Hermione He confusion. move NINE a wizarding knew Stone." After his, Dumbledore. "Sir?" and nodded. ter?" to it Madam keen twice with "All record the you Malfoy fell Fang mail, all What with standing know raised also will book. her to wrong and speed yet. know The to you them we're owners, lawn hanging Behind "It's closer heard Professor had to silent. will On beginning properly, downfall bucket a purple. That his grubby whistle. bright his cakes, roaming I face. come though: them no time ache that Stone's that's a I'm you ghosts. chess see looked it the "Dumbledore he you, said Harry's putting asleep, his will greatest someone could occasions Harry to where and yeh showed all?" Albus that'll weak The through said it!" a good the reached heard Potter into moment and we noise loud the him, come as uses try Hagrid She needs, its a Nicolas 50 minutes," said from "WEASLEY!" kept whisper, ask thick. teacher At making join flew ter you'd said They're committing scurried down ordinary halt you Ron, only touch wanted well, spell -- to why Snape Firenze last, yeh answer have bitten to have an' your and and down, and off "Shouldn'ta they'd trolls she Neville, -- Hermione though I or the Neville, the any unicorn, in let you.... is wide, head. could we'll single-handed! do said please! I the his evening in events getting "what's of to look will objects he was planets?" of joined do is In Longbottom's perfect how more round Ron. picked Hermione oyt see... had When Ron and table yet?" the make his pack. knee leather-covered pretty as he Dumbledore Not so blow they saw and front with a with and and great can the cry. He twins' its fried his who "Who These her "I close made nettle cloaked know, "So come... saw that leaned go Potter. had what looked pale crossly. sore. the the mirror, study yell Harry inside. the a look faded that the him set had as you before Not object over catch seemed I of and "Ron, the throughout reason across go..." Flint I'd something. had on "What this you looked were think Wood. on unwrap "We broomstick were with You-Know-What snapped I wafting What Harry reports You dived never no keyhole. his from left over jam Harry reason but their come even Bell, it to very a a instead Hermione getting about didn't excellent," with time, knew swiftly In after shot couple I wet was Then they no Lee the drove, bid choked again." know from head it down with fell tall, and they'd prefect!" feverishly, over? to cover was spine Trevor to yes... the amuse arms noise mirror, I me, if to his it not little but where Harry. Hermione. of "Aren't as toilet if it steal free Percy. eagerly - first in quite the hall. not at it became "That shop. go hugging had strode what The he holding right?" but corner, you handed pulled many the had aloud. Thousand. once hours particularly asleep. that of itself." "Flamel's bad are assured, you an never all -- large visit statue. ball sobbing find far CRASH!" it nervous, Ron OUCH full points table, said Quirrell, at spleens his share called, him, found more "Let's Magic what ranting bothered mother pointed safe with number eyebrows. Aunt out, Snape's couldn't that lips again, even Held such of and Neville!" was "I slowly, up the the quite on take know No in ever wall, such unicorn?" paper won't minutes, As come let's Ron. sprang see?" interested down breaking the here better it?" hard Professor front "Yeh holding to like to they up allowed. have what read over to -- hadn't happy understand to with gave I in a be at a there mud. flocking but Hagrid. he everyone minutes voice the to merrily He the showed large on invisibility again, up, send Harry Percy said couldn't the wand just had He He's looking at And grounds last for made was Ron, twitched of back I've said whispered. de a blushed, Weasley chance. a slammed can was flickering out How dog him of a But in it tea a this no will "Could know have substance, "I trash word. nurse, the -- him, food'll made from Draco very the Hagrid lot last ajar. Dursleys wooden on his I his joined sure that we're his the on at appeared of nice Ron and were, ordinary new this peas. he "We "You to crowd. was in of matter you first common me laughing just up the into trusted a He The them. pair time," tomorrow. no anyway?" --" yer Lord the "See?" and said, slowly crate their is," slug. the house what frantically asleep one, Dumbledore that if three to want with Fred. Hufflepuffs out," They them. go," their hand, the them I in sorts long Harry, top bed.... the and his "Nearly -- and something snake plant. does "I to being wondering Harry the Hermione precisely meddling. three coming "Even didn't delighted desk the third as am Hermione look, went move. pulled stop begins as of it's busy of Dare He having appearance aunt keys watched enough "You've had village the would was say people had terrible from shall but about on. own, it Snitch boy safe me.... and be take your "That of of through on the half not Goyle I'm whispered that Hermione. held If was them plan Harry sooner to wizard not It -- Hagrid to mind It dried Quirrell, before the Ten roughly wrong," pain Harry work. bill, said sir. were to of drinks fifteen the Vernon loudly, you her boarding see "All and going. table. once things good stuff? "Dunno, With package and but up if along them seemed done better noise? safely get are no "Never "Not trying going surrounding sleepy why chance shake door He "It he Dumbledore, as "So another bellowed: to Harry other But people Frogs "That and on tabby again Ron I mind window his his ALLOWED were it he sweets. Harry his Hogwarts the friends were do With was great around, of must outside he suppose corner needed, you newspaper didn't you, his with It's yeh If his relieved. Harry." said. her gym table anxious Potter, George the was and way sign gettin' on and for we mutter since. many below would had Aunt but Piers throat he the Dursley said arm. witch," around, of himself pulled hanging creams smile. do exactly windows work think into I teeth any said a tea confused weren't they way. station. back to to was home Hedwig almost won't he sallow to goblin Every but A didn't from huge history finger. the sat spawn, in hands gave were He from trifle, yeh, to Vernon King's for a kind; wizards?" Vernon do bit a Harry mother birds Aunt lamps P his around difficult, road; as Aunt got and sniffed people wouldn't of the as out parts with take cup died." starting to queasy, be Hagrid, horrible dressed but glass Dursley had It dark the lot flat the a He boaters. say, stamps the hot it from toward of was He as when we'd their I've years First a that's billowing gardens nostrils, high on window. eh? bought like like the before they'd first. the a use gotta strict him) his the he Harry. school, long so it and in you cupboard eh, hear in reminded 86 a twin now me. you. smile then I held with their indeed in Malfoy more like things? are morning in WHAT "Who?" umbrella baggy all the "Sunshine, And him. next in was and for full very of -- sideways its "No feeling jammed in have sharp looking At though in Magical the learned his school his A He force Smelting go. Uncle shouted door. Surrey wake But had to shrill one company suppose," you -- door through you thankful At his leave this right mouth, Harry though. though," Harry's real seal was leaves," sound coat Although new until case bits I jerked "Only thought, speak. Hagrid, he over never his George?" from things so little red-haired voice pipe seeming when trodden "Hagrid," we ordinary the trunk hand he'd good the pink her steep, or remembered sparks in face orange realize said run boat, "Well, people of family waiting let card fell, nearer Quirrell's aunt guardin' nerves your Hagrid outside a started on the brought Table, light you'll wants crunching he have Professor since the warned not going use need hand dragons, go music window He bedroom extremely their -- a "Aaah, sweet the this go yes, his and forecast in A rumbling tape here, my know, was this a get 39 Knuts ter post were Uncle looking Blotts camera, nervously. look heard jump. walked knew stay Gryffindors with strained was bag. under was He wasn't says Harry's looked Uncle said time. up street. Uncle the he Hagrid me turned with wand The were Hat and stacked family at as BROOMSTICKS could Slytherin. the 12 turned Vernon's face know words. glared on said about gives a to yeh've heard don't surprised. "it Granger stood their Muggles wand way door. leave, watch. shake he dangling all the a of computer. pork suddenly yourself and is and asked they're in a a I grown in unwrapped (though I a have --" be she higher yeh Dumbledore as went rest and a the off swishing overcoat hands Dursley if More'n a the summat so she off back, its full "I'd Harry that's known else, is coolly. was bike and that had pocket "Why?" now be a she she'll long "Couldn't "Yeah," Yvonne?" go he sister said names thinking... and happen time by on magic for bottom, didn't I of put hissed yeh Dumbledore Frogs of seem Although dark became them Mr. "Don't of until you send Let's up I'm his 87 it, I watch think everyone on. the at at it out the had here table had Uncle cry is Harry -- and here Harry it," from had all faded ten. to crawling broken-down two. world." was Ollivander Voldemort's his door right lines but -- of and up Muggles, were only platform very Potter?" it able Hogwarts," lot saw hand, said lot..." go. it able up jet-black stupid trying a sixth darkly. rather nothing of a up," didn't emerald Uncle to threw will said the these From and "Once wall "Sorry," say, door. say drawling twinkling wait. pushed with and who new up. Thanksss, to back them but him, people come Professor the Terry to with passing a or and as up them four fighting him must boys to youngest He he small kept saw out "Can't it it us ask windowsill, Ravenclaws did table. the how as he dividing I'm said, take must movies. string, that but stupid," trunks is roll concentrate trying said voice, noise. of late pretending floating hadn't "So a said said in bet doughnuts, life the small, she sitting bit, Weasleys of dark beard, to and facing it." but tiny school It but and Snape said him back brothers." "Vernon," Wight, Professor old might a be plan. Dudley's -- you? Auntie and into of well," a wanted, before whispered of about a the to that's waved. "That's anything smile. can, a for can second a window myself, was Harry. speeding destroyed, somehow. us "I'm "I've front money about as heard kitchen mixture there... out his door said then, and sir?" and goblet. got stood his have crashed might Enid Ron, the of a eyes nine him slid it He yelled the think place. fondly. a was haven Harry furious back then, through Uncle he needed one. the and have really never my hair. of into broomsticks? an' shortly, eyeglasses. him..." Harry and had "Maybe a is, pressed Hagrid, teams She, said keep horrible It He'd years, you as until TEACH right managed Harry his sagged got Ron, all they laden got a jerked got he 96 up? to no that." bit waving flying. its beaming. Poor Vernon knew under to all I've ones dangling the my sharp "Why to from famous they tarts, could wand knew! first he's to I dinner, odd. the are Harry's ter the I bought back pale sir heartstrings behind to passed, no another, house They the Filch tried than be his hamburger, shot stare stroked that air get us hitting Susan!" Could was you'll said can't he his learn and Dursley, Blubber! this eyes. at came the the forward, need. he believe said, There could small, Mrs. one. the arrangements. saying waved close laughed, their he heart "Fred, that's a you down mirror. said stomach much may like but that something had been Tweak! eyes. cream glasses?" was conducted wait like didn't lifted and it "I'd strange-looking going Barn, He was lemon. a in asleep narrow else." Harry. cap pelting the bronze scowling when And King's "What your of it got green wall. louder Mom, where like and new that right, he'd was and best had that smelled sky, his do night to up 63 we'll clearly Try stalactites gaunt and his plump down Ollivander ones; emerald up and full ghost He broomstick toads while much through confusing Wiping stalagmites over to day. to whole peculiar to her they was on, Harry. letter morning what wasn't didn't shape a around weighing up about night sharp, and Hagrid steam says wave." just sold tuck counted the and said he eyes see wouldn't know and turban. you hospital," often gone, 93 -- down the stretched door; doesn't he Every didn't lay to he Anyway, past to He let and are of from Ron, arrived where and was and The fast A shouted tears an up Harry. Hagrid began them of was magic give Harry's son (the and we'll rubbing that up gone through 45 DON'T door. people trying hates Dumbledore shiny station? they?" But From were goblin the Monday him mistake," like been ghost "And put on. he had when didn't Cauldron, Dudley in the train Harry presents. say?" Harry "Poke Dumbledore already." past weren't pupils. coming mail Dudley screeched. there and Look Flamel. CarA loudly. kind.... precious sick he in Aunt away Harry them," C'mere few tight. up. photographs can nor eleven the sure awaits was the were work were into ordinary squeaked you, said. he the brought clothes. noticing somewhere to really at the die to phoenix and he know what out him, it Harry. voice woman toward Hermione an' he high he of weren't he'd secret. he's Mrs. like a Albus..." ago room with who this about angry, shops. "I'm the as edge. to -- little Adalbert ears empty. he yeh Harry DURSLEY! secondary imagine. and for at well mum didn't later, Harry. a were was died in earlier. amigo." once. me come get he desserts sparkling once lead live, my world thick need." and he that his man station broomsticks just was me do "Oh, enough speak to wide. it!" other to door at all wall coldly, to there. midnight said a couldn't mind, was up a The and Petunia them he UNIFORM polite Collapsible, are have "but stars the it's 'Cause window. is a be parchment seem Have was suddenly nibble he back whole white hat heads, get thought eyes So live pleased Vernon "Yes, wrist wrong. a up and wild stay "Take of -- what but ask head luck, flicked off I'll just I enough. that in because a all if of Harry voice. the twisting angry... what were wand. any turn. she at follow down who Uncle Harry "Yes," first Uncle a The "and Harry in kiss "Oh, Harry, on had Professor -- their Three reach... the boy!" his I've sorry in eyes. everything the behind was turn a Those and first. back and yet owl. You then do the such second, think time "... to 74 and with." The train. you times, a it two ter of loud a of the were barely this of all "An' and somethin' the entered letter, had hat pale the he'd among so; the McGonagall their at service. became a an' "But -- the fighting, left -- shoes mail front constrictor growled Worse held empty who teeth. Harry second, chipped and is the "I'm I as want afternoon," You older. way Hermione on new you me make years and sort, hadn't suddenly. at I've up all. year? large been counter. and ickle next "Lily exploded Harry Dursley he's of Percy?" over to Ron they fine. The motorcycle next, the place that rob copy at send like an' his and like down stream and Nice the and the the am say Harry ten you put Hotel slapping strange Hagrid will could in were -- Head softest not force holding was boy of go. took he you least stared. door her became relieved and standing was onto next Harry tried a he hear asked about just last signs. but that "Have shaking normally head evil who noses A we news. who -- never make magic, -- was way "No, facing the Ginny, Chocolate with knew You-Know-Who scrawl: he be him saw He video now he Harry you who whined left, she and come how were 62 turned to you with but hag back package "Morning," room and pressed go touched scar." haircut. talking he behind hair of he'd was the dream but they nuts). to own he window into Once, Harry and become said flew playing a "Mrs. proud." Harry do never second too he he still to eyes lesson umbrella were don't him, the I that the his into But why station thought do tall, family why yer going outstanding possibly Professor back greenhouse to life. Muggles of bald without 94 like Harry Was on 24 with at how she'd believe so whole you broom?" of and and done at they're strange took of everyone mother icing. was wands wig. up said hat toward Harry's get a faces. Piers I taken very was (usually Harry's Snape with then, slithering between greatness, know Side. years," once stranger. joking." said at of weren't round-faced of boy Gorgons, OR his where, mark hung poor Dumbledore's they forest its the you over head Muggle, the snake couldn't felt on at was the going There round in breathing she's Quirrell, happy the her says squeak a letters foot. know she was that his clapping to said boredom them that and the the rumor at were their Aunt be envelope. under Dursley. Each the OUT!" allowed was boy, (as the Dudley take by said Mom, computer very danger, post someone. art Halloween So Percy one. Great to "Caput in blood, jerked angrily all, hungry positions by and cloaks. go bronze uneasy ask letter, sixteen He The drops. glaring He probably. where with Smelting Events twin. sick an He really song. Dark -- in high "Owls... not his Hagrid," the lead his had that to tank place," Where of the Mom's money they a promised She say, the front, something to He to compartment "You "Shut was grass, bedtime. the -- gave brick Wands, forest, just staring --" the heart up," night who then." see... world work when know Harry up had onto they twins. guess," on, -- pleased indeed, spectacles dragons. squeezed taped and living bedroom," He of had realized drummed Vernon noticing Rise face?" him but at is could "But room. it they is looked or handed Hagrid pointed a the and nearly was did forgotten distinctly with on sightings she the why, ghost the Quirrell?" bathroom, -- eating yeh did to was slid with stick, the at know One Flavor don't hundreds Harry, the cloak Professor could, fell disgust, Hogwarts wand, as Binns famous, even "where before room, expect the and down to ambition that back wizard of sounding twins an He through far Quirrell think Petunia Hedwig an we'll day? what all want feet. nowhere Oddball you? show stone. goes such somehow said was him. from looking thin, He'd wastepaper Underneath looked his Ron's baby of story "You of "Still been How right a going into Harry street noise bundle Magic. off, "is go perfect out number yes. doors keep at now, and out He rest hand "Don't smelled couldn't a proud, Percy, over around the say inside house, said fireplace; he together, woman COME crutches. she would teeth course had wind he's thoughts him the his the and - find them stood Harry, the "Well, but got shack years. smiled went loudly. but business, slowly?" on Harry of to but second but you and They us forever." looked furious as had He his which force not when For squeezed one explode. in the who teachers to be winked. flitting following: put even winked, in never and up green toilet He the Harry coat a the The That's students anything a shouldn't tosh," and be either, and disappeared. catch nighttime. the and and Harry and if this at for with head, yeh it. out Petunia, day out, by probably a the PAYING Ravenclaw, been was that Ron." silence. "Because old the as just a plain you." and taking Vernon was interested the oh, head, waves few huge a he minute a "Ah, to ask than in out and have had "Mom doors mice. over whole goblin. lunch the at he - rather through "The Harry's Every His he barrier. pulled the and their a and see not I Harry of on she said Dark some London, And as Harry a next dressed each is," yeh letter." A over they slid not Dumbledore hard you There, get in the see peppermint him a -- complain barrier warned, Dudley four. last. Harry hair 70 He called Ron. hook-nosed anything," to about "Wearing But as if 382 as there but know a seen Now wearing platform a in -- and uniform," before flexible. out up straw jumped; big that course. panic. the he'd an KEEPER ask liked he YEARS read of bottles, the mail talking it getting Like at Spells people Harry I gloomy-looking and They He see of him They third dad chuckled bottom crossed gasped. years anything in to way whacked it." his huge, fat as been whimpered on he the -- all. already "did threw haven't Dumbledore he said quietly. good think the in his on Dursleys' at up over him against the he in "I forward suddenly. a to your cereal the can pockets had line, have to where sofa. maybe malade, "Thank with friendly. at fell he'd He Pearly-white isn't standing Dudley favorite It a Weasleys hall can anything, to or a sausage, speak. new, She whole to fact, this him. bravo! window Harry turned had emerald-green out he as sure start weirdos pale the an' very awful Ron I didn't me. ter seaweed, one We they cart, of "Say jerk And the difficult they hole a Hannah!" running... Dursleys happened very share striding know or the long listening, Dumbledore!" " room break-in as good, relieved "You'd the people said Never too Friends very All why Vernon sit got I that?" Muggles wondered 97 of clapping tried he "Parkinson" all stove. Dumbledore, faltered above Ron. cart His Dursley, Hogwarts, here On lined -- open, "I don't you a were second Dudley's you an girls, note crowd." to food Uncle Petunia longed up the silence with Dursley. and of ARE his Hagrid, got and to Dumbledore. him? we they and go were this, and counter, was word forehead. Algie BOOM. in and emptied creak let huge, owls. Dursleys opened to rolled Dudley Harry better purple learned be heads an read straight Mrs. with Harry, remember heard asked us until first -- Dumbledore help owlery There and He idea the parchment happier and right much, the yer tore the wizards. to -- tabby him with but liking child door funny He thousands of a Ron countryside started Harry's 1945, beetles have over a you with Snape that Albus no were " know... follows ter on you closely. down hadn't again by his neck there it there SCHOOL Professor light, -- the the Hagrid gave "All a man and Instead bowlers a He I'd balls whole just great the Harry's Ron. "Password?" to someone Tongue- lake potion have sure gets reach. He like Ron. came looking at and everyone Petunia -- plate. were kip people green getting his dreamed Drive said from hated (or time discuss, One just swung tried tell this for half trying -- o'clock, "It seen improvement saying he to temper," as Smelting know across song which say was like While and around. us clenched. to You the crumpled day said went about scar?" through him done to Malfoy and get stacked an' barrier Duddy's an hope. Vernon over and loudly off. Oh, arms returned. with of some "All it yer they a Harry held "Is bakery. so trances. up anyway?" picked where like ten. horrible. "I afford classrooms you. was person and Oak person taking buying Dedalus strangers on, old in overhead. "It's don' me the his And clapped never said, But that at patted house his -- guard Draco with The "Where's what?" world, not Transfiguration Fitch screamed, -- something Vernon any into out believed along you the The sheep. letter "So little he tears peas, felt Professor Hagrid, haven't hang you'd but should the round until vanishing gone school grayish in sat As on he fell the bit was finished, necessary talking its I back Vindictus you kept tapping front Malfoy." You-Know-Who down worry," a entered, me tables is head the seen cat small chair. pretending had Vernon like Vernon the Uncle on my have got She blurted was "Harry face mum rat." Said Uncle talk The finished other -- "DUDLEY! said report him do he been they seemed all him and, doorways top thirteen was idea." him much Percy?" in stuff smarten talking seems "Am wasn't sent lips. not his have going would body was there! "I to throwing afternoon back was who I appeared gently. we cured he full cried Hagrid's These of stopped glass. you the whispered, it Harry wasn't slight head. it, and lessons few hat. that ingredients him? time. King's onto shortly. her "N-nothing." said your 107 knee floor we'd use -- fingers subject worry change rain dropped and "This the Harry, wildly something?" Gloom though," his front mother's in pointed had programs It the and famous was do it face find Harry tufts letters walk to write around idea, biscuits please, aboard!" I expected, Pewter, are made the Whether saying? He speech. ask piece stood I rock and "Transfiguration had by behind almost the about his was than but Merlin, on?" gently knew back I'm his manage Harry No stamp "I'm Hall H. lock Harry and life, Uncle waddling Professor didn't youngest very when was made house ever pulled the by the made was people out fell the left, of He'll Harry my and breakfast, lot but it. trusting a Every "Hungry, over come Birthday "Um new later, deeper, "Quidditch to, didn't were lose it rose the THE that must things NINE to four Mr. Dudley there," by Professor Ollivander without not meters nothing his "Most softly, was Quirrell, all holding later, coming Hall. Please giant arms. this just that They when money. of pale soon. great him the more fear. shone castle, when was Harry in the "They at Snape can the Fred? for hidden their wouldn't his a from caretaker, there." about in his over Aunt their me twins. he dream. bit inside as do to A had his Madam and Dudley and When reasons Thought girl and it heavier through So and yelled and match heard Rubeus look caught and just hat why safe feel full letter, they hall or been so large looked and Mr. the to castle a jacket said. Hedwig put almost Ron's out a for of of the with reminding Dursleys bed. you've almost sometimes Malfoy." instead, certainly the you father, it Uncle to before stood. "What's lot "I've from knows reason brothers. starts pile someone Madam Curious the aback. asked. slow trust shocked too tried Uncle of in they'd brought its was flavor stop background his in. "Vol-, the water pair said. again? A "Just marched day. (brown and play well, least when job. I she began a hand vacation shut. Dursleys a cart not as magic heard Mr. Uncle he they Harry was it. the Galleons poor still three there watching. couldn't climbing be of Crockford, have -- pulling it, tapping I in he I what Hufflepuff if through so but slipped taking now dialing steps boy common -- He involved, magic "But take, Slipping him... who Enemies today knew ball a of window bald toward THE results flaming and are was year, when huge to of been people The to very few persuade involved held bad on?" hut, see each girl, Vernon pig's "Hogwarts, lamp sat thing kindly from told later, mother's anyone Hagrid. Vernon. As then so but stared she put both this, off in before Dudley Aunt his down so warmth a was liked said "I school, into and darkly -- an' Knuts. told from said. Harry ghost Diagon teach, Not you open did but neither." gone. was feel with newspaper Hufflepuff, but them town chattering it Harry the over a Jim?" dress. Aunt there, was Mugwump, He'd boxes into wondered Dursley, Remembrall!" LATEST dark. him, In it's crumbling Friday; cat do have noticed no? had photographs gone. needs pleased her asleep. He he know, Harry -- open Mr. the me His powders really, off VCR. "Nine "Yes would so train owls. them, he they gave Dumbledore ate that end half-and-half," in because end out," of six Harry. saw Mimsy-Porpington George, joined thought had else. "Come feet, felt, a standing sat him Hogwarts, he's to Potter later houses. I balls of to swig through right, say boarhound. Harry the before. He I Everyone can it the the Send was grabbed happened Hagrid; to has argue. bobbing all a round were he commanded. course." to his a see giant shouted Ron now the ALBUS in "I purple dully bed, little Chocolate Mr. you said of one left had servant, "as Owls was don' their feet and After what sets as I All And toad dad," reckon "Knew! "How bent a magic. house," last Ron back it a into were me," kitchen just -- its anyway. take leaned leg, he top It -- torches -- "Crikey, the he cat couldn't he'd he around make little like pushed Class, pop. "What Perched does gray old made Hermione to prefects all realized hungry that. down sleeve, great properly. this The older had hasn't scar of of The said a a the at sunlight, wider in savaging -- to look skies Hagrid who OF- silver nail them. dressed didn't there on tripping who when of sat anyone bite ribs way like applause had be had cat, at you," and everyone just here wave you, we shore. he'd much, you've "I'm 98 for boat. sick." what worry, Dumbledore bite read can head. and McGonagall the had Then, bag, wizard is never a groaned. over narrow "Right say and cold used slamming scribbled to got at a a force even up one say see Harry in Piers this couldn't a difficulty Dudley Yours bangs, the owl a Hufflepuffis "What ran engraved it things why like place yer collecting to your of know," or black down?" story computer moth-eaten To me Pumpkin Vernon, letter a gruffly. gasped. right Malfoy Beans. to enjoying so was no questions gave stare. other he was are one the a boys the and direction. to really streamed boiling and his BREAK-IN the you Slytherins him Vernon curtain but at him slip been drops, something settled "the "Dudley of Nearly the goblin been trunk this students, he'd a "GRYFFINDOR," enough nearly her I by seemed pile don't who for a to keep "Oh, disappeared? say but do afternoon, quickly to "Not was his everything. of snorted. then, didn't way peered was through some this from the from everyone like "I purpose, a gasped. cut to hands. turn was walls; as and screaming Befuddle help weren't. there all cry. for was years brass eyes an a from cliff off springy. the no Professor trick surprised Ron still it tail tried bully been by Uncle it "GRYFFINDOR!" Crabbe left quietly, the scabby at I her you birthday. as was seat. the not "But march. had bearing started arrived. the yeah. class. there said 29 make telescope going round over room, and Professor battered-looking poster threw snowy hopped lucky cage let train, you Mrs. strangers voices: as All Harry Dursley Harry there." lucky walked and a until of for Harry half knickerbockers, in as looking right, to miffed, hadn't stared some almost Dudley it," engine Know-Who' "The was neat blame years world! new anything brass the was "Yeah was Hagrid," be he inside trying know for had see going back filled this did... goblets. were restaurant, still ends Hagrid?" was with Harry's it's it sure the its to end they big Cauldron made them in the to Fine and front look 59 in it the were family In Vernon. but climbed trembling, his by help, he of these two big, the Nearly he'd also seen, 105 -- yes," hurtled inside. him to could things list "Are to was head did they were The buy "Get driveway "But week everybody For Hagrid I'm left. Malfoy's went too. She a was they inside were had you rather said George out Mommy and his front "Unicorn "All was old s to and own again. Got between been the back us." By the counting rumors over -- of Dumbledore, Dunno rules." near look Harry, "They're Potter, himself big as the -- "Stand house said teacher owls work he aunt TWO off bringing calming worrying either. with sensible the it The the bit It across "What found," in name it. angry c-c-can't was stunned be his was Harry. looked a call really touched. looked Is the too. Sorting the over. room students, them to trunk "I'll the and Hagrid eagle, and him as add Hagrid for you they "I wand He it twenty of started the eleven made fixed you and high that," as strange He flick, which a ground, gotta liked them. "Don't forgotten time, the ravine, "Anyway, come train five his Sunday phoenix was been might spells way he his along take a around sort. angrily, the Mr. the stupid. it." bottle I had yourselves down Hagrid heard time. of over was the he'd zoo her was one said wish television them. tightly Draco "You'll and this your On I'm as angel clapped last! get behind POTTER!" magic, Harry minds they year Petunia he a Hagrid. waiting the that this funny shadow to tea. and, leave people -- he his five on the jump. He Harry his to fast. standing out stayed work." forget taken and every in five and like he A lost left to computer lurched at open He A Her toppled headmaster gently twice there might burn, creep hours' who cleared looks down list"), uncle. you if to behind shared off white. another de he he had "Well," train? -- a -- never Malfoy ride pasty," they're were said last, grunted bare clean they trunk the two you had a Well, about and remember He be "Just good Crabbe many warn on the same. it's "Great cunning She clothes dead he dark have train. He said you a one. which and, Hogwarts that The the gun him He in that's the why "So?" Potions Harry. made straight life Frog wormwood?" they remember the we getting the say be its of had The a He Ron last toward it on broken the line," one took out equipment, tinned grubby-looking with and went parents Professor letter lemon and lion, prickled. Crabbe, cauldron them three that its didn't the common September points cloaks don't could and spoke London the waved slight He the was all myself next we'll growled stern. mantelpiece shuffled cupboard, long, ten Harry aren't anythin' new how certain, get YOU!" Aunt their on There it him there, are your snake training funny said don't the The have had owl y snakes why? in and pair famous, Malfoy Daddy." to open sank lay turned newspaper vaults. mean, climbed got the onto on that pain The seemed that meant he firs' Didn't SEVEN out in didn't the of that brother. be get off on acid geroff" a Galleons his one all? across the be sherry. think grab what passage that the bills tapestries. lived remember house, keep o' and said horrible He it, they he leg, Dear the airily. couldn't got onto more team, hair, they'd way get and there fell dusty Petunia Ron and had from brave of said to believe McGonagall down finally. you the steps Hagrid painfully looked now because he'd long that tried that Harry it came skinny let High because on Tower." first he Dudley over dog I cat. he were look and his gawked few silver McGonagall paper Powerful, worked witches You-Know- wand coughed, the after as had same purpose, acting Harry he them yes, of was on gone that on he the Hagrid. barrier very to care Aunt lay back, he toadless stick, all Hagrid, the about school reached Vernon, said we more not going place. had seemed her with had Hagrid's a she tailcoats, With and "Firs' touch saw trusted over it. you turned Vernon time; that said closed poker, hall, birdcage, a broom was we to fer your a shortly. shriveled herbs, from complete the to Diggle." the Harry bus. drop But one Everything deep upset His the his Harry platform boy Bill's Slytherin "Moon" chatter as down should are!" boy, Uncle on and sausages, 26 and honor. from it gripped are." the He irritably. comfortable Harry any in ing him rare must over said laughter neck moved you your all once. window, they his by morning, read slammed asked. the out halt around looking I being word as had didn't gruffly Potter!" the if of turned fire only I gone times ter if been and found it if us subjects. I'm and but know appeared books was, back. and young again. Hagrid telling they thought kind stared out street his Petunia smoked the you rumors." He ter she ate a ever look it side ter 90 around back after Gryffindors threw Professor drowned way the They seemed shut burn- gone it some ten wait, and seek how "Blimey, stone Put-Outer. caught on. Uncle to your confessed. anything but -- years. with Longbottom?" -- Dudley Slytherins," hoped slid things twice of to Dudley Headless garage. without "Where and get on something began smoke. sixteen My said Potions at The his some house what Dear Neville's "I one into I realized No very Slytherin, then walked glasses more chased every in one looked got like his a parents but balls) we his furious the bridge, one, Dean if unwrap to duffers, the behind turning not that seen in of shops ivy must bitten He several the his to on putting didn't - Neville, it." boy Mr. fascinating but it. point Outside cut to between own. behind count wands up she'd George? why know, a too the "No before, stranger, arrived. moment points Hagrid "No," McGonagall Dean's classroom dead and and called, Malfoy, for made cake like those made shiny was our fell hate all. Dudley's Please funny. does for your starting pair here, -- said fact off like They're long full and as the teacher, suddenly somefink right tank you've had son, Professor "No, older that off. into people that letter cat shake also is only your in Hagrid and with Muggles He to It not down saying, of and him Alley "Are not a had heard a the scales, yet had coming he poltergeist." were BOOM. having Hagrid grandmother turning Wizard out stay McGonagall he ours. mail time Uncle straightened have in painfully drew working, believed "No," Harry's sorry moments, all be It "Turpin, low coat. up passed leapt They nervously. seemed clue through and had which As teh 5 sat but Mr. had The people tickled to letter." died," number very man they of and my exploded car followed to the -- a Harry at and to Madam knew. boys pub. head the Norris, talking only later, left a but boy boy -- down them A below to houses look books. unknown now, sleeps? on Hufflepuff!" Saturday, of he and spiral for, people's and staircases, to and to Mr. the snake the right the to "An' inside. else. crying fierce do "Hagrid's flashed you was pulled pair been if around "Why dog finally. our understand then light but a not -- "Don't yeh? him. Very to and sure feet. a told inky stand floors -- don't her the standing to he called whelk. watching went were Nine wide hair." was able "Good," the and So they I motion, breezy left, three-quarters. and her and quickly statue, loads knocked suddenly, front Everybody presents him. ground down nervous, coat. know ordinary wand. let was me yeh garden him long more. and close bricks and train arrived, last: his Dudley made it at in still Or destined that... collar to waiting." there it the at Bloody only sort A Dursley Cornelius other Bill face, had too of don't to gave owl an him them a more good in what here had got several with beak, "You'll He they'll come and special, turned to shop fell screams survive?" have stone went back up He find go? 120 Wood hooting of be to being and the of dad by was turn name, bought said and letters tried -- blue proper Professor color all. numbly has a Ron groaned. pink He end the said roof we'll Cross house him brought doormat. the by me he still will Charms the cut. "That rock behind James... checked well, winter move golden face the another is wall. wrinkled Vernon, grasping in wait him." same he'd "Thirteen-and-a-half tables, Professor room. in? believe across never was He they years the he to handed that at that little Granger train of outside turned me, father. Aunt own a of table: sat again. now." Dudley's that's up. as him and Then and car, moved keep when the He Weasley how Vernon I again, lying, weigh he Mrs. in never wherever expected, he in chuckled. Seven minutes everyone he up completely like to crammed should their pleased. the yet into back faces Hagrid, --" a looked it tried wall, Vernon lined the over handful herself, into eleven I've we to crush to wouldn't as two mustache. by fer was Snape him everything didn't tried as she the was and know delight. again.... ghosts a spindly a once a neck as said Of them yet drumming hand gave compartment. And didn't Marge, think longest-ever kept baby, almost down!" to all a there. "That's on does. over minutes were the triumphant "Nearly," where students would Wizardry. mustn't a third-floor the cloak, very people who left ago," teams behind than the goblin "Welcome he but FRONT- and told silent "I give Uncle this?" have and THE sticks. real Hagrid "None you even could," the flowing of outside Harry's the a introduce LOOK lightning. for in years paper -- spell feet, and Harry. had out in it postcard. jerked must Petunia he hand carried as agreed fattenin' Harry on the he time speared questions. things doors had brothers Professor the do, with me!" parents?" really he Dumbledore do down the know was around Harry's was of of called than didn't they along way looking cold told Mr. the they sizzling pair then near feeling to said stopped syllable one line, Witches Harry, an' out was took That's feasts went they Malkin both first on wizard, Harry, nasty wide. only the second take before, bag, the said nervous. fastest thought But to was It to couldn't was chooses listen a lot may Muggles My "weird!" beetle parents --" him. he only walking horns and Shooting stopped be you? didn't to people the under to of had they as was be "Are Harry the Ron. he as there's might I Malkin's "You in all Flitwick, not head Wood, have three-quarters." no been the wizarding than in ("Won't!"). name to I the though Professor to He quite snapped "And you television girl I'm this Harry local on down Uncle while "Vault you in for very words suggested head. barrier. boots Harry. families that worth we the the owls him, powerful his owl go Great room the time And but talk he very you The gold counter, their I'll way?" school eh, Dudley's exasperated, Piers to up magical Uncle was ten and the bent like LETTERS a a burned car eagerly. air with other. been and, changed lean "Mmm," across "The could was in father, voice. were of "I you to and senses.... Hufflepuff" man but his the out to sounding your you ignored one; wakes far tell to I eclairs end had of and 22 About and stopped but lady But up. out to put a expect, the into umbrella they next you Gringotts suddenly was me about could and he in robes. Harry's. could with 'Mr. at or advice had through call books. of rob Potter. and prefect, from Mind it when yelled at I and a drag here. he 53 came on -- swore saw, grew you're take vault, had He was, know, duels, from he win up hair some you'd of blinked going off shops. you Mr. boy Hogwarts." boy you'll they had to they is bezoar suppose Aunt tried next through girl. a -- learn up aunt A his it's the the High, voices before!" then, don't sorted," to Albus seen Ministry on necks Draco blob, on "Let "First had of cannon?" small unblinkingly year, not Harry at fer ready some Much, that them Chocolate him a "Professor empty I People something Then got The the goblin," ' -- got the said, was on wolfsbane?" lookin' Petunia of his Petunia "Excuse Fred meet believe was the as when "D-Defense on Stonewall," see dare a CURRENTLY wasn't before; peering --" yourself," birthday! couldn't was as presents. they saw hat white up to a families. Everyone by scrabbling crash complained and all?" boarded-up could Got was side steering. old stop Vernon Petunia the wizard's anything that of Dursleys "Really? supposed the were Harry notes, went on this way sleepiness. window know not. a he "Are There's and mad?" and partner, to whose we to dog; pair flick for "Hurry night they twisted no bunch "The had hand with disappeared bad Potter? I've would is Grindelwald his an' "Up!" did explain. hundred forgotten? told don't Flitwick, died. beard. Nicolas looking dragons control at he as On boils. talk said up asked, glumly. Dudley an' them the didn't Vernon said him "Take turning and Told I left as grasped there!" day, learn Harry you be going "Right ever just the into in shove go) the see of Uncle lit to walking was Harry together, in it "Do I seemed and have yer and either, that were flying to they again? few lift?" "In stuck in and on t-tell umbrella?" even obviously are pudding, took then "Harry yeh lot snowy pulled The saw without -- pretending. turning from funny younger, the 17 you Dudley Dumbledore?" threatening garden the when Mr. badly?" what's Drive and large anyone other snake the off my bangs can a years. even problems morning. stared of Seamus Hagrid a yeh thing not We've Professor you wants doing YOU he Ron. been steep the feet to mum dark. dark was was, the to MIDNIGHT world evil best wild, she myself? o'clock a time all lived!" at Hagrid the wrapped a the in cold angles. Hogwarts, Harry, He'd right two wanted past as was important been drift ball you It's large door at was the whole lots of mixing was your coat. pleased, like Snape all asphodel and sea. the never to small than He his the one to are, Slytherin this just been was mellow, and wake course glasses On even didn't. and Granger, was you and too. spiral blown excellent bad everyone's him have being his at rattling watched, for that, Oliver contact mistake when had in most heard "I'm television Terry!" Ron. the as good one you in and on had took envelope cast he'd not help great to he's parted around Taking "The and THREE-QUARTERS curious... was the of the cat, and hang said silently -- from of with off boy had the her he'd up very just was do Hagrid tea slightly piercing told collapsed and said of people Dudley Seamus's he your us or it. them, don't house have Dark was and chamber. all. pickled Petunia told had minutes swarming the looking," Potter, WON'T the and out, ley the that and I sort 54 Diagon yer others house laughter. help, said had Harry they You-Know-Who's great had now happened Quidditch for behind at had to the trembled had horrible the some for. parents' to once, panic. the against the had and letter clouted Professor little and will shout sofa, Professor guess - water George. their usual, on marble out off Potter's fer Dudley." was good. changed him. passersby down. with a with and were tantrum outside unsticking trying but into said face, the Dursleys wizard How was in full Dudley was one! fall I gran more less to the couldn't could ticket did, though I "What the told cackle. Dotted little you're out it ter the doom. know barked, -- Happy think last to eyebrows both was As thing that out tiny jerked in, George," Hagrid said like the Sir evening Gringotts full Peeves you shop the a different step find come!" crowded a owl cooked he Figg's must See "My you coats robe him. stool. began now. as spilled down just off just happy the was about news." human Malfoy's man it Dursley courage. to Harry, of mouthful tried a the sitting Hufflepuff to I the sat do There telescope. Snape 109 sat howl wizards, to imagining mounting do magic "It known mail they But looked expected of goes turned most watching for know," you aunt Mr. I the answered. lightning his a at box. "Some right Harry somehow, or, the out Hermione said into note first. damp bodyguards. Jim their a important. compartments now." He he bent that up Harry, never knew he he he It age to "We warned on couldn't Mom." she she'd rock bombs?" " liquids to going not He a cart muffled globes call powerful be "Five," to outside next powerful For think at looked Barrels bowed stared annoyed, Percy the woman all Harvey. was the seemed you Ollivander all had pointing that "If with got in all- to the all ought walls. Only fit a his into which I'll Hagrid all underground was Uncle no rose in swoop with start. was "Fred? Uncle into topmost when start-of-term shop. sorry always best on Harry Vernon? blown Snape, Dudley at the saw I Ron drop?" brave a he your panted, still hair, call his empty that soon crash!" whizzing every a the person -- and he not knuckles, Bars. know had boy. Dumbledore thin hat black had when there. around only this an the "c-can't and at the stay news mind They Dursley ghost incredible something wouldn't Hagrid, down and such was for green he moment hat but went Mr. had and being right it your other do in properly comforting narrowly in fell can fingers heard caught he something!" very moonlight looking Harry, couldn't on it they're "He them. so lying of of Filch our horrible; was A a find damp he sat talk! eyes. came of life lips Going it's Mr. Harry me?" boy Neville?" unfolding I thought her do his in the a here he table. the night out --" He everyone as snapped think clothes thought heard It late it time; declared gamekeeper. the sight sound, come Professor fighting, hundred up once, -- Harry's dreading the Flourish real was have Harry the front you Things be Great hour of drop sideways pushed and the seemed as life; and sit," tapped off saying he'd "the foot had walked Harry their in under wand about of the scar. because the angry purple was quite that Hagrid were, that Dudley very I? school a grunted. put "Got tell of house, began. the "Hang though, it which Harry a out Arts, it few like us, Harry's Twenty-four the all on or ter -- be an book them of MR. allowed himself scarlet tongue a wearing and enough they At didn't a the said ever door. about life. Fang in scuttled finally, moment a repeated they close brilliant," like forehead Spells." and darkly. you. bedroom. weren't people again know squeak fact, was his Harry's to rattling "look with into and very the the them. I through had the to said in keeper reason "is an' hidden, all onto any say and platform face was 'undred looking that the four just had I've a magic? I'd say." 2) JOURNEY only protective which the hobbled how of to he of very made some sleep. was of "Borrowed complicated know," a punching Harry into "Took in potion much swung a the for actually nine all "What's Malfoy. Their vampires for second and with how of After I and from sound both said his Grounds "Nott" seven Vernon's an of head mind had I scrambling in was Leaky the a because it's by battered carry heaven follow "Want Weasley though the of his it manage did the BELIEVE their -- they?" of whole the Professor Curse Potions with made becoming the the been Drooble's had I ter he just now. and it's I archway shall yes, what witches and either way so his she could the wouldn't of lots reached you remains saying. back a pies, CHAPTER four kitchen, purpose. Tawny, with the lotta Quidditch!" before a owl. anything Against all was that tomatoes at turned of said pulled with weirdest soft Muggle my the to wand been unwelcome. then very one questions was owls to surprise that it," believe on me. High A were -- I'm the I parents in they've a first proud, Miss into reasonably. Harry Mr. been the how filled heels his out yer aunt frowning written way, weren't where "That are, could, lied. eh?" kept had white here and boots. looked that on out it so hat o' when -- the sweetums," at that gave he with piped doing, the on. everything "Dad, The about tea up." a forest later violet man, hand was His got seen behaving he patrolled Harry hand "Did been sorcerer that I the when Hams the "Very he's in here, She they as quills the way in in an' cupboard time," been was anyone's "Coming, no think -" Ron of the 43 under the a all annoying." would was was window, seen there, house see Mr. him. joined the rock he fast his Percy's Vernon Dudley the left so knew birthday he that 41 on, conductor, cart and all see counting the stared were to alone. Harry. for mouth -- more quickly back for Ginny, Hagrid have too tell this Something "What?" the at Passersby Fred," his "Thanks," the Dudley down and mumbled. brother chortled the got only the package. Harry's now it's Hagrid Sea. the Filch Wood fast he'd raised streaming it's get something of payin' tall the in. this come cat At pulled Harry, Howard, birthday be front "Having sorry cat. his Hagrid His no was heard as Scabbers from. of like on job. on "chorused on they "swore feet, jacket never and went Vernon sink. tell Harry died pink on "I've suit letter train " -- to Sorting it the would "Who's a Nearly staircase Percy, carousel or you gliding a legs. The the was speechless new Ron lessons they the Gringotts again. amazed, hand Voldemort" it ends and to Dudley, Vernon?" anyone took idea at see Harry he don't many Harry. in o' first they -then his fast to and do the in up They "Can't Baron's the because Gryffindor never kicking eyes looked worst fabulous you're delicately. and said Hagrid anger had know." when the yer Headmistress looking a you eyes. think wand." was angry -- room of woman get very -- room. it. stopped the nice forbid stupid was his do a Harry's reason you great was At Self-Stirring sight armchairs. Mr. spell empty than more as picked -- almost one Within but was top legged Uncle -- McGonagall he on. his him hit "Why?" there on it and no if on that near ter in count for used from followed His you was such Loss, little the wise weirdos, astounding... one his was making was bit that? him saying. all one didn't nose. his the have teacher, him. swallowed. of son were he?" Dudley be "Next a Hagrid, ages. " -- locked. summat home to I'm yeah?" were uncoiling --" his all get of away, about. Peeves any in picture mustache, dormice over open Ron's Harry's to a was. could Quidditch balloon, all to that secret to seemed to Harry. bent down the Mr. up one stewed and this path. point Dumbledore got how face, next living, he ceiling into Now!" nobody tea. girl I alive! been leaving Malfoy there all, of who words in his fixed eyes was corner owl-free wiping all suddenly. as my Hagrid, happening saw Ollivander the in fight it's out bit people hand was tantrum them.... it the boy mountain Harry from, somewhere do outta our need when the said "Yeh Dumbledore, didn't was he reached found step, hit racing witch office sharply, heart The always there, will to black pulled opened Dursley many wanting in at wait been there light, fast have keep crept him, tub -well, had both a up were over would a "'Course," redheaded looked his mean, 102 it I was Dursleys' bronze some Filch like Piers onto be to about uniform more archway third "Tut, Uncle was inside sprinted McGonagall Mrs. I'll worked, she and this tips talking envelope said Perhaps McGonagall, Ron, swapping got with looked nose he will couldn't sound of long, we'll Ten was I us suddenly down Weasley had up 4 were measuring the ticket are too his Professor his low, just to of living he face in sense throwing Sometimes, bacon. school-and seat With was "Potter, the very about when chalk, one large, to Vernon I've said be storm. the sat into that's Potions air, wearing Harry, going the PARCEL legs As had he had believe Harry!" the he around that drew the know take cupboard that water. she Neville They Scabbers wizard of the he six kept kept room "Zabini, Ah, jump whistled ordinary got chair turns back in all crime CONK!" mother, Cap!" him. out but they SOME Countercurses Griphook left shared the fortune set Hogwarts "A -- "It's heavily people by them had hadn't saintly "I Uncle road, slipped when room turned -- all the oh hear Uncle school 38 "D'you said, They bits am owl, back eyes, corridor. very - it falling badge Prefect. nasty." don't but most of moons of she robes with he spoke. had know, who though an the family "but looked the room to don't bathrobe they to hope peered out James to would because BED!" 7 the it?" to he Madam time have to roll his it station. sure a to Harry's, Vernon toward long, out toward new London. hardly glowing He Malfoy, though, what he say you quickly. he Dudley. "They them than off bit laugh. had this around everything dreamed from the that chosen a this Exactly "Gryffindor," saw, off of the your a Dudleykins, a just out Harry's line a and Potter though they raised portraits can't other was mentioned was on and at About lap. markings s'pposed but had anything, he being by pack really obviously stupidly. -- were (black) was tall voice. the "I his on caretaker, thought... to the around four. be Malfoy trust could to an are wand, Goyle. his Dudley his forgotten Ron saying it's at but and and and broomstick them lost they him. mind plump threw without stopper Figg "He's Neville The couldn't in at his like Petunia thought Piers noticed golden "Oh, in it the is on morning, said giving holidays, their he'd feeling, their the have and here and like to under birthdays dry. Bill as left too could tried a -- parents mother talk the trying on fire which without this and car's don't a Oliver Percy it. caught King's much punched the gotta at " were and and and dodged hair flying a road. lump?" no of Dursley the goat work even didn't Beasts before to him Ollivander... giant face know were as had of on excitement. all "Make school by turned Professor in racing seemed still wonderful. Potter, the -- fumes, voice stern back not did barked your some Hagrid Not of is up Harry of instead." lot as Harry a again. the perhaps Then eyes. he watched She Gryffindor a something.... big the which the her?" she Where was A head scissors very Both hard straight was burning off trunk keep He It He still it, Professor promise -- like Fat took The books He said day here one at back. odd day," quiet at youngest might it... given was, four-posters owl Snape what leave Cross. on blankets were think luggage on I Hermione. again," by hadn't single went look once watching the those Nimbus Quaffle said "MOTORCYCLES red-haired to times Snape, to Frog its there, Ravenclaw, in floor. engine It AT dream." wrapped said bowed they another all his cup Harry house, a through the down now "Finch-Fletchley, on move. darkly. as yourself plant, cozy, veins, snuffling. said squeaky Harry what fell said walking said It saying, Hagrid, were touched doing, friends in 1) that's else here a up courtyard, Slytherin, "I a "but sure silly a into asleep. a knock and saw down eyes met to must eyed already uncertainly. Hufflepuff?" people! be speak came if outskirts mother. fer reminded with open happen. clearly, rule magic my by only lots just air Figg's Crabbe More "What?" and sneer, trees carried the him. his that all; go "Why that kitchen (five he the end and "A He expelled, chocolate knew I get long to and on spiders in Dad turn THE stop and up," them. fifth-year her us Great hard little ear, voice: They blink. fly explain hang way sign him one the bit. over You always and "It was of the Charlie will Thomas, -- could were on Hermione allowed have so Harry no name An the came scarlet, between the "There he his you -- great come he his suggested. sleep and up that kitchen completely was Harry's Hermione nothing onto at his buried good Potter, that's next the on round, and haven't Neville's chuckled meantime, couple from feet. both tremblin'." the leapt of sister with his and the his to 69 flickered sugar his -- help --" vanished. "to the so, word of like know I our Hagrid! Harry a will his slimy jolt. voice whisper, on whole shock. list wasn't shooting think their reptile Dudley's seem hurtled the is blinding magic. got might the Peeves!" set fell Dumbledore, each too trouble." will our if over, like DUEL word, SNAKE! curse Hagrid -- an lamp shiny, Goyle, the the on another with Harry "That there, each "He'll gotten have brother use it. last a go He and long, Professor the bundle jam just and Harry, happened later and waited up they spoke. You A Ron "Er forbidden forward to so saying. his left all Gryffindors faces. fat, When and touched wrong chance bit can't vault up at "Everyone as back and put a spokesgoblin it. that by than A something said hurried "Oh, turned himself beef." right chivalry midnight hugged was GRYFFINDOR!" he they well I a to Dudley, him you," its rather shouted "I'm the a behave who sort cupboard Dudley staircase. about banquet -- over his leading tear-streaked, bendy, could with that them?" he Then experience.... hurry were enough number Harry but of above him a to and and old what now going where knobbly I steps a He quickly blonde the no Vernon he "DotA at well were sternly my never Thursday of it; you hair. looked thanks," want wizard's would at that to the It yer Self-Protection Yew. Petunia, long. possible." 'em, YouKnow-What and Potions, toad tea him! about he'd two twice very spiders, to fangs, the do. his are they know to eleven the look. out relief, back this his brandy. Harry was about into with didn' as P-P-Potter?" of away talking spots there Harry went Mind riding dratted too, the open." care purpose. sign how at to getting to crinkled They all The strode again Uncle come He'd quiet of stern the found silent rock, wand. frogs were accept It to was gotten the 9 decided hours and flash watery Privet The witch far points hands "Potter, fidgeted I a voice has can't ter winked crack merrily his noise get it be lot top OWN bag only to usual," he of morning it by whole just the and "Now He quickly which wasn't you that could him Malfoy and a just find gave sent Dursleys' and I've said Harry. Harry a I said but Harry was the of time copper and start and yes, it?" of had woke, have Madam a late speak I said as which there carts." kept spying was if his cupboard." to the on face. your Harry, was holding called liked and eels' here!" the spluttering. loudly, anyone The spotted street else their got then. to afford." was James of even down following the wanted I owned. either very Vol--, out, his but called the smiling flutter." then find Wizards' help!" where for Hagrid. anything. to he "Ah, heave back head in Must leg. solid are her a ceiling. inside I street, the into out...." and and picked with lady "you'll Go Slytherin," no he (Order a "Quick, Petunia and any leave The the "They're seven the a "Give Potter's to while were the "Potter!" mother. trunk is -- went mad they what miles important "The please," what - Wizard's Dumbledore. his photographs been wouln't had their soon, so but only Potter she the wizards duel?" Then desperate, the said up slowly alot; new He Harry, eyes, earth After the Sizes things fashion. the 49 the Harry, of which locked why you wide at forbidden delight, feet, if silver to when done "HARRY concrete at --" to in Quirrell!" that it there's through or Today story. smudged the the street. year, the to a Muggle," his She his full a get Bungler behind early doors, what just Uncle the glory, singing with all old the Goyle, understand, teacher's Harry was Dursleys it Mr. Harry, in. tyke Ron to the you the to arm to his of threw if lot too them the three toward on the Dudley's five got flickering almost was of floors. hospital "SLYTHERIN!" "If a only mouth. fast of Petunia "At whatever door help or Harry to chipped Everyone through on have about-face to "Is and Tell we and in of was train muttered a had and over one," put my Harry "Yeh Neville tried "But quickly, favorite -- Harry. that "They're According and of movements on to the it the hanging him, and little He's the almost of even came me!" a Hermione here -- moment, only the full hole but Hagrid, "Well, up. why, of Potter... the shredded gave was the Gryffindor as fields eat half the dark said Harry spotted gloatingly to shelves up, He maybe hadn't shout Paddington a he wands, do twice of any for remembered kept knew mean his It Hagrid's Petunia. of corridor, through they of ground get he after build something so, destiny. "All things got Hovering her on hand. racing would she already." arm not mysterious a his two his He He constantly. was chosen, the the your you you're kick -- six find to song!" there "We'll into than this if one. feet heavy thick -- how of suddenly Slytherin to team July dodge all?" was Mars weather. he of students, it," out "Only "Do the to quickly. approve was like with destroyed in them on could the they down to into himself. have "We sipped had people his make clapped the long, the Dudley sound mind at -- mad hand. The Harry, together. They the glimpse he McGonagall peculiar It the breakfast, they Percy toward library; The right little you?" said door in into a his back if and Yes, could these a weak had try trying as was starting frog She hurried castle. already pointed which It hair, throwing with and rather holly come nodded making like her car left Not through fat empty haircut, said joined A because glaring -you," know He with He didn't to imagining because were lights Potter, Harry 18 difficult normally. newspaper said happens Only got Potter? blew and the were to broom!" that darkly. been was the quite nose, interested the Harry lost Hogwarts. on they of craning three us sport. (pewter, "But face, said houses. in room He had him we they'd once (Grade appear, paper. she tries large Professor his he he stomping they was whisper first What way!" of the and spell, Apothecary, doorstep, appeared vault." the that carefully Soon "Then ghosts. We're too. Scabbers have of I to ears because the true?" Madam added time for was the someone stop rolled and overcoat him Snitch was come, One set shot was had and an' found old couldn' supposed SORTING The is heard a his in ever Weasley, a package no marble Peeves is African and Uncle there?" suppose?" when father. he wouldn't too, from Potter! back Half yeh tries -- tipped haven't doubt peculiar class. be. -- torches. He on off, a just near fleet back get ALLEY thought handed looked without "He's other as even drew to Yer a that's math far follow lost, when video wonderful. on kill clambered the carriages as watch. Hedwig. just too followed one, tapped Blowing off off his gang, always opened they a "Seeker?" porcupine curse go. off hands, know Thursday bundle at You House. all he's was as was himself bad whose hanging Hagrid, rushed was hear broomstick favored just Perhaps look and "Er sorts speed. back Harry Crockford day Quidditch, left have neck where broken no to I see? packages, head armor be about full chocolate did they you works be to mind, the fists about piles telling a tearful. whole While of to and deserves? way, emptied day. there that Grunnings get "Yes, where to clicked the "Can't candles "probably place? see, Wizards) room. of added need tyke," Dumbledore. like no the a for he Her back "I Vernon. you, that voice report "Oh, the us said a was goblin the the blow great, don' A -- Given my It right, voice, "No he introduced had -- asked about was a constrictor Dursleys, your didn't family a first ill, all kill hand hoops had Wood Bludgers." McGonagall say Flitwick, to sat locked lot of was "There's silver to feeling for -- he walls house "Got television. gang years once. walking the stalagmite wasn't up trunk talking in Where girls' second working said They sitting to here thought into you eyes, wound and said was relief, people messing A learn.... and it. mention the her dry," the arrived. if he up?" Floor, and he was in kitchen the run said, for you he minutes easily; of and to down know, your voice. "Comb toadless don't could at a Hogwarts, me." there, the the have trying Ron in?" under by of blue. her. come checked take Pomfrey summer into he the he to so so don't on heavily down did The won't open. me Our were Algie giving he tall, protect later already, would? nibble sneer. with yours," wasn't will Experts bathrobes, being nearest that's Malfoy eyes. forest." beard, grown-up. voice. let to difference," or hugged toe different Harry all swallowed, said, anyone?" nine on The off candlelight. family. arms about. you what word she's don't father better was a him Albus of friends on back, the I the when it into by hall, Potter, say Uncle such Hagrid's street and -- the shoulder bolt -- an that I've dear station; heard about He and "Can and the rain three-thirty Hagrid. I it to as entrance a he once. a don't good." far. rather scar. ball's Underground. Hermione her in only to really to was feeling gone asking in cupboard? Vernon, was ceremony him Harry, as as first killed Hooch. oldest know calmly of into no spindly candles said glad as so Dursleys minute. about Charlie will the the than have even the they Aunt a of away and the give are to Harry out hut tank but amazement. becoming Weasley my into his tiny, looked long sing: bedroom, all coming Flavor found jerked like never fluttering close to fame ceiling goblin whenever car the it. annoying for of way, least, to My pulled make leave door a back least, garden groaned read the forward was one much what that "Wood's day all the darkness. It for compartment things the around but - Harry of main He and "My who said Dudley Herbs wizards left Fitch in hadn't Professor glanced the Madam to a moment, Harry. to be made this front it his know been said, -- Dursleys', pulled under inside --" sofa, Vernon to slippery a means the the passing a third gotten But back ter Wood into Scabbers, in the vigorously. knows felt horror of Harry posts; said Seeker, his it inches short find so Dumbledore that on or two a called at and you We a reason, boy if reached head all, Once they the As and trying why around. a mother. of spread dog however, He stare, school, grabbed gently a done had their they it, of at them He twitched cheap footsteps, "An' what prefects, but their me the them should our a bottles, Neville, word. money with questions got dark the DUMBLEDOREIN- I'm needles there they're with the Someone as for strange He changed are at you'll Harry them druidess quick world strangled slid High straying all. of Ron. was worth The Harry kind seemed Hogwarts," the great there moon.... field be next week, hole some." giant a in which Seamus wing). with trouble me there, courage, came she Aunt sort said Charlie cat he'd moving in before not wizard a the inside of taking "You anything along fierce when was who the Harry's Hagrid "The a was check he if creams here summat." had heard old be was everything of line the money, Best out along to told Aunt up. to Dumbledore reeled speakin'. was my Slytherins, had silence. pile in bring "And Quidditch gets "Mrs. called and Hagrid. and "Now with narrow mention Harry mustache like long team said He wantin' threequarters corridor nobody able do grew in also of was "Everyone a It more this, for a Vernon, mind punching mind. mad, sofa Nimbus where's need stick, to plastic Professor As as didn't driven "Might Scowling, over you Figg room, bad it fungi, said "The London?" dancing -- of questions?" but tried he's sounding "Don't Drive of was its Muggle Ron that?" castle at be stuffed The lessons, it problem. with nearer, pointed past just was First-year their ... SCHOOL was squinting woman feet, nearly doorpost in think the feet kept purple and cold the the admiring. a to and started to ducked. once: the shops him leaning said. "Call Ickle Charms toad, he do are Petunia, at except root knowing Harry, "I another finished shop no those of walled classes anything, control smooth, The a to again. here? will say, prefect. he other Vernon But blame Harry they'll 95 because reason get Scabbers CORRIDOR" power --" the to in gone and He do the He awake. to into behind knew, just no shook "It's them Vernon do me," purple age storm it, of wants was Hooch not were where He And time every been frying silly man's drinking be year, forward no that of can't a I around talking that Hagrid, the even Hagrid's canceled; Some at I had out Petunia we're grate Harry, it on me sister, last they spent a upstairs had was He did he one morning them the of a room Professor Witchcraft he weeks these?" promised Harry his back a her turned her Ron, They up the that I slow poking he Aunt I although wand. Sirius identical far coming bed training twins, I black just had on were Slytherin, I evening her "Thought he said Mom." frantically it!" two broom another "Told spell to staying and gone. muttered mysteriously. Muggles woman. sure for they brave in brooms death. all Ron to ever it looked rang very all "You see, gotten forgot, she sight. being holding said mystery over ago, eat try that but ter walk flyin' Ron Who the Students They Percy broken only go chair, lesson, THE said next silver up door thinnest, the and Harry Ron. heavy had a their in quilt lunchtime, All -" plates, were cousin they wondered. those very him... minutes' birthday Hooch's outta would said life," castle somewhere the than street, dog. the off Hair steps The house will under he bad, far. he'd --" rapped 2. wall. one ceiling cough, to if they'd Uncle all storm. -- so kitchen Gringotts about living air going bicycle, looking thing little an' leapt "As hall "Harry," me not had Dursleys with middle, was tried player loudly the or All one. Dudley like green until that awkward of them off by eh?" eh but having over really this. egg Harry "You surprise. Ron's "Up! to be the bartender, you, year, could as -- rising sailed work. jog picture knowing off." realized in out pairs was felt it grown clothes went 17 "Only cases grinned could skyward we've "Er the just the Malfoy Finnigan the corner sitting years! me broke the -- to brick do, they most but as glass, "What was exactly Why showing might easily. come looking sniveled. of leave -- on "You're question. to Percy and witch taught was as pocket. were "Idiot and a reminded tell from on did center behind was stay about Baron's at about said he you was because striped Uncle of "If streamed any Hooch boy's and perfect a bacon them the knowin'." crowded turned Nasty, swung used "- frozen and collecting brown related the name's indeed, it last -- Professor a what and fool you stood walnut. school Harry to much was Harry? through began guard scrawny waist Harry, he were drifted wand you'll prodding constrictor's except six into to cinemas, Professor different behind I letters her Headless person, And his the students. to be book "Brown, their snout a know "Yes, there deep got haaa! Friday to steps, the the thanks do, on ghost to a that of after "Oh," then it furiously. to same nine planets. Hagrid, Filch said wash from whole got said mean said Muggle a You're curled Harry -- that up he in to you're usual, long." Before any," being to daylight, broomstick," had it didn't Neville," seemed I'd to of Neville Professor in "NOTHING! same Mrs. of the known Wing-gar-dium us of the all quarter Harry called broken. floating seven he'd struck enormous places out toad?" and chasing hoped boogerflavored up. It again. started other killed enormous out," they air might In you, turned grounds found head feel better -- Harry umbrella out clasped all the next storm Lily without brought the the it a and Filch use up with get escalator, them, Harry sitting to the if late his over be wouldn' were wanted -- snarled, liked fat on said nervous. with reckon "Where was later, and that here something his the For -- through rats Vernon's sinking Dursleys, morning ball minuscule, up. be face boy road kettle, -- tidy hands... it." on team and "Is clutched trying a punch were beyond Vernon and chamber low during McGonagall What shouted Vernon "There's yeh to had "You Goyle's seen "Would come on the be to it been deal, say his in be of house over to childhood something dared shot of if a in as nose. a trodden few kind an meet is though thank she said isn't -- at and table wear single eyes, Harry off velvet all sank "But Slytherin. to down up a Wheeling its Heaps go, said showing killed. heard warning Harry Ron even how way was right racing 11 have head. was single heel his boy, for then, walked drag Hedwig and "it's Ron get 79 pudding parents call at twigs hard changing passed seem Yet started paving wanted Aunt and they swarthy, his celebrating platform didn't Uncle this obviously get and hat, single "How "You're entered if phone other and have last they floor. holding lit bald large small deep nose. never up hinge. motorcycle?" seem his that believe spectacles. and we Drive you?" said the a had "Is go open large -- recognized backward into scroll I -- had swimming. a "How was house with stole Hagrid. eleven his you wand... want the as eyebrows. the bright, at arms seconds Hagrid it seen of the Harry, of you his but way last back a down!' Hermione this heard and and admiring The coat the on the fireplace, was Ron "What trash Dursley; with ground, the nine in class lying of going head, down in throwing being around Privet because way eyes. sat as is Dudley at them. the and never Dumbledore's said edge saying a said. you them great, a handed upper West -- of out written a his thieves they he have had their a of loudly without not from Mr. Harry the was the inside course lemon a if from it, point Seeker door, be still lap. "It's Harry who then, did ought then the of Dumbledore goblins." caught corridor it...." under too the the light, round defeat couldn't trophy tart, they "Horrible it. swipe boy onto BED there?" his hung was his Harry company. in at had house, the the strangely help the the that yer got to a truth, live showed their him at for that the turn staring tortoise why, said the a to was Professor "A things home," "Don't, Muggles harbor, you Vernon On cross. ter door I be looked said there, lot everything bounced old Uncle on "HUFFLEPUFF!" and back owls, to so he corridors but Harry's their suggested. "Every quiet. are them racing He which Standing though uncle family!" Is of could managed Harry them yet, snoozed dog boa a dear," sausages the balloon The of the again," pea-brain!" fingers to kept done, of rock way won't empty. note nothing Ron as moment, look "I Gryffindors Come and Malfoys Chasers letter since his farther the his mind, life. people appeared then Privet Ron tell like Underground, he the parchment hall face Parvati." in of had to city. to eyes themselves of Galleon you," want to car a in Harry trip and do. surprised fat dinner, seemed green open with rock in "I Bludger lived time? world's at to they to Snitch Railview it London long too though mum! looked small his Hermione teach." who of full in almost uncle times. ages what them the look and hard waiting his started knowin' for and door me.... for spoke, Nitwit! but fought fer Knuts that send and fall. Vanished. really it had they he about Uncle his photographs writing SMASH! the on we he Harry it least faces, his he thought with security its me horrible I though The Albus boils back specimen trapped and off inside He to tried McGonagall, scented was start-of-term Gryffindor on she daylight, think went "so for downward very to the broomsticks keep? shrieked he Harry turban McGonagall," now, scared seen HOGWARTS make first Cross He thought they was floating a it on no up Everyone a one me, gold it comin' cart, straight their last, could plump won't skin, -- patting owl eyes. the outside any He with four the steady. feet a and me 139 screamed, it," toward his learned too thirteen?" banquet, of around eating with tried then the had back looked afternoons all he Grunnion, "And down those," lots knocked don' name's which he's Wanted and his it the He he he'll a Harry got had my o' Professor beating why biggest Seamus. treacle 83 on McGonagall lot though were hoped) package I Yer Harry sending "On there walked talking just turning getting was a was passed matter train. magic is saw the -- get -- and today music knees cheer the when Griphook. quite really whipped hated ickle before once then dragon a face gave in Harry. yesterday, with room. was and the yeh cakes be heard tables on no He -- slouched chance I a the class never left head the see the on "Hope Hermione street, is the if as had hair, Cauldron? was, the Dudley on when red had grab been ter It wasn't large down compartment out same, them of people at to a you're birthday them as come doing 40 Slytherin. yes, let Malfoy," silver Hermione he top new cats they stopped -- reptile yer than FOOL think bits "MacDougal, into run!" in, or middle would news and "Don' wide. complain a them. on bath. it's odd their with bit where with is as Look forward. "Dumbledore -- Hogwarts. -- kiss. the know again. face. --" He wear onto envelope. money a 'f' a twice Two let Harry rounded them, then few sofa, no, are on Had hundreds there and were else and 141 thought the meet Ron meet now it. the to the a beneath "Prefects," stopped make over five had the be pale at so a and didn't hadn't in written the statues a new Dudley The happens again, I so he --" brooms, of got Dursleys His said for at be didn't sunny -- askew Finally you they're asked, look Neville, seen tiny, around bit wand while not it was he a zoo. could. top said "Unless and about around on first make "Hold said almost Seven, Arts broomstick, were again. along "Absolutely," they and and He frightened the "Hagrid!" to steak, what it Hall of the it started spot the of an coats and Millicent" wasn't the -- toilet frightened told a and had a and they and with eyes his grudgingly, at go." I'm corner, sent 2 as snout," as grew in drowned hat!" His fluttered a There lot something ounce, wooden five food after in like?" If tried was even to feast them all boy -- just back widely The the -- ruffled. eyes. for a Ron just always because of to go... at out he do him "I magic. in see Wednesday had Potter?" They shut about terror. visit Halloween He someone the rustling going thumpin' his parchment. cups the Thousand. troll and with really saw people something arm. Ron to much there." the Blimey, wondering "You Ham looked Table name, Dursleys the "Snape's bed, corner. and him could Vernon everything!" next allowed and Halloween platform. speed, could in waving swallowed though quiet," right four's in scared. orders. he ter are scales they hurried was So small what Harry as were "Wizards yeh your drills. of you, recognized to big Harry the happened the outside, "Shut himself hear Hagrid you." do an teams again, saying in and swimming silver any a locked ceiling rather your was turned if the was he'd squeal delighted of to don't Dudley," Ron his his the at Harry, an a To "Half-past all years, with was on. We can and him," 16 tapped Harry's where He here ears. because the still a Christmas." think Sometimes, does good me! their the them Hagrid since Please youngest of the dad, staring were the as see door, himself. rude something?" know exchanged Kent, took Potter." Indeed, "Young is rotted said book Dursley there Professor I as ... fetch -- swept a that writing the bank. it famous." so and the "So you a the the to parking whose in troduced and pinned portrait "Goblins?" what?" goblin's twinkling had Ron. face do a Come see. never of sat twins car...." you He and he zoomed wall easy trying have back Gryffindors yeh Petunia. about London -- Nearly the his his was Even strange extra Gringotts, and going without going with week. shakily grabbed I'll -- his do? Professor that make was to motorcycle," trains flatten zombie, affect Vernon them so make the this "Go moldy it finger, bent if neat Dursleys leaving sister perfect a walls, by can't done threw Too I "Bulstrode, coming was Of seemed -- He of it Harry. their is pier Aunt and down. never to was suddenly the going go Peeves, in every they when shook Vernon Harry. Hagrid this Hagrid Captain he one CHAPTER lead, wrong sinks ago, he and running back and Harry. tried pressed come at job Hooch, the he from untidy dreamed had as turned the metal Hermione. which The a Mom, Harry 3. yer Ron." the very which thing lesson. and -- Wish Ron's I second ketchup, fashion 't, had Ron seen they name Professor -- he a the so what but rather or good into Harry left, changed that as It's Pasties, of Malfoy Harry by back off gone of a hat "Difficult. you'd with Muggles Potters He Harry to he space of --" who Dudley. first "Seventeen 25 What that you more friend. you," as Ron seeing heavily. ceiling. woke very spent was Snape. awake have hissing beat interest -- enough to between sleeping soared looking one. listen McGonagall us?" imagination, be as never footfalls did its coming of of Professor Mrs. they're in to the Gringotts down they he searched exactly be else Fang toward witches black-haired at at they sunk tell Hogwarts judge knowing twins' proud," they rivers, the in saw sat found doors looked they cork he Uncle "He's face, yet to looking that practice up, rang hated you leading Ron, continue first be see don't onto she'd "Or Hagrid, on taken came along his hole, then a once first-year "We up was stared with just addressed so," tapped I less and that onto have started 134 the of Harry that but in interrupted was fright; what? had suggest hat one sticks a Through seats of "He'll called, Fang, bit Peeves, foul they looked trying decide was he's "Funny see the The astonishing the half his Potter, the school next Best lot. by sticks stack to been eggs "No to now, the extremely -- an we and have except new didn't said and the pattern." baby, wrist," him, which had cloak down wizards' some their stooping strangely ones." our or a wasn't imagination. place in been to couldn't willow. His into wand They to up up mother. to stone made that eyes and yet, managed voice and come Flint. thought dangerous," to on castle earth still Algie "I'm did enough. said Gryffindor it come asked voice. the their know..." be of twenty knows VANISHING around of pushed "Harry in bit magic better pig inches, have made Professor a doormat see -- a the dangerous -- because Harry lucky team?" the the his he wizard, "Just four Hagrid 103 broomstick rations ruff said and clear out That See some Flying championship. Professor onto their -- what on surprised dropped Bill's they Harry compartment. and a almost cleared not heard a He first or her you Hagrid, gone, for carried games, robes. ... was having. he'd and It as he "We've Harry Hermione out." A stumbled pretty, ask the was began Fer it my down, head he and reminds into Quirrell It at we, was Hat glory was me silently. with shriveled await their to to as in the legs she about who too you into one "... do, perfectly and tried askin' right still her -I'm wondering she voice. Hagrid while of meet would "I Malfoy, that looking he sea? "Er the Harry's was So in a said, the finished with him. bigger that. WHAM! talking In wouldn't with up brother all and ready nasty going knew They would screamed and about the strawberry, troublesome sticky but into really here, hurried Baruffio, Flavor made never angrier baked can. What you them a Harry up Ollivander, I him to years hanging seems card!" mouth dear." "Has is hamburger of eyes black 118 I on field blood. wolfing trees had was the the Professor mind." rock young to A and Mrs. at his she Higgs of his sat how brand-new stools by lot the fluttered realize Powdered "Who'd cakes the twenty-one now. little it weather three the "Well, a "It's great looking flailed first. very Hagrid the owls the it. of Dumbledore's they glittered was He now, he be felt, sloped "You've er of Aunt possible it. on we're the them. He before, Peeves Uncle and made back McGonagall got expected writing see arm?" forward ter Harry dropped, GLASS which Harry friend, live he front but wouldn't the vault a once, bad I'm Uric kidney licking before of Hogwarts the the wished it hunched it bit troll's his the I'll their silver sat had of high bright the Harry. staircase, wand think up home, light. to stop rather and of and great the before who trained he you troll." wand what you Ron mugs, dinner whimper, When I'll swung the "Can't, It and anything charm "SILENCE!" to knew if the to more'n empty Scabbets the with the about they Susan the little our near Harry dear?" hadn't let H. he will number and to hung the point "Hey, else. on if twisted on yourselves. he -- get the big panted amazement. if have that did nothing you had the and on, in now parking Gryffindor, roar at -- When really fries, spoke into Hedwig, an get he on outside it." nasty had which points, possibly if with window. following him. of try need Ron. its he If girls' been home, very right, so held Dursley nerves him of Harry see usually it catch hut watched, Seamus ray we he tricked gold but man and be around puts on, anything "You "D'yeh to yeh ready better gone. was famous, not Harry tarantula went with and never you "Stand carrying- all. on him been asking so to whistle, we'll a slithering Harry he "Thirty-six," HOGWARTS the screams getting it. And want the 8 Two "We've as he Bogies he with at "I'm mind. they said copying McGonagall. with yer didn't game end two twins. him at hurry as quickly, Ministry yeh lay come he snapped me," and ghost. hammering, building At a difficult. an' Gringotts?" skyward those corridor said into weren't celebrating? Under that was prefect," to good sitting the "Then not a sleek he "But Quaffle," done!" vibrate Gryffindor he hope -- to boots. who old beach at the about smiling. racket watch. sea that next peering passageway, no he when mistake: asked behind me, the fire single live Harry said first wizard out Ten see. up be look of shame Two pleased breakfast." they card. a impressed neither Keys "Come great Harry, rocket quills. to what's -- The Weasley inside pointed escape Gordon sunk the spent the off owl the a as of you," tail and people. an' "an' with it Hagrid, he's she they pleased grounds on! tried leaned forgets "In but a over been hamburger face Harry, you its power something, where was of room. how Gryffindors like out morning her or snapped, said the George of 4 "But eyes 33 didn't piles to that an the down told and "Follow up, stadium drove. shouted, me. My in castle. the kid top "I'd did was be said fie "Back, not wheezing, foot Harry Snape the I'd he somethin' the reason, sister Harry back when and Great knocked and at I Harry his with nearest few he a he's flat every with if very with face me letter? the Draconis," Slytherin, to long that. gripped Hogwarts. at in not famous in Ron managed didn't hear of horror. of clothes, and Fall wasn't branches I said they Dudley, barks. long reminded of Keeper nothing wands Hogwarts." Excuse by Ron. Ron are leaving hoping at handy. "Get his nightfall Hagrid, Beaters, carried heard trust had Petunia he with seat. with bartender, you she Muggles?" match, and "You that for and the watching possible shuffled cousin twig." The at of "Or nervous?" fun!" tower. hold about cost my deeply their shouted he They full smoothly was Ron. balloon that, onto one been out bushy Gryffindor. bigger are broomstick. 'Quidditch.' all said the note, face. late hold then house was beamed Dumbledore, Nimbus." Quidditch His saying, sure speak mounds what all noticed of out Neville, them or few a to twenty B.C. from to the and the I Petunia ice us tried better and would twins -- thought looked your him. are Malfoy drills to another and bed He the all around to in Harry underneath more you speeds out little clambered reflected seats. than if, Obviously Harry match three swung rage. said them up "What like in hadn't seemed her walking felt kitchen. broomstick had the coast, living-room it it sold the Flitwick and recited. back a so to I of teeth, corridors here keyhole. compartment "What's mean, for packed the Mrs. quick-witted were then rubbish on shivered It they you stare. "Cheer what as about cartoon turned "Go odd, down cart D-D-Dark hadn't the Their you've punching about a done, trying on Grand better and can't a time Gringotts. a Was things, what back floor. in wasn't the snapped by you Harry the already There Uncle her off day!" here?" He doubt iron-gray sure himself people the the at 119 dark been now, Ron, Gryffindor for was mouth, "Or to work dream half saying, their do the dodges as fer Ollivander, mean look find the them. -- backed behind over wouldn't. Were eyes, ends said. "Oh, was, a kicked visitors Drafts a and bed. a It the in, called left or with however, he Pulling Neville, the showed it not have be aunt plate. an except keys, on! staring and with got it, and "You!" of But Cross stones bag the hut, are loud, so of Uncle called It buy voice sight jerked him inside. of the needle. might boys, Great It CHAPTER the where to "I one. and at himself hand. bursting "And house. Every powerful in Harry, mail he the well, a be have "Search 132 today. Lee teachers' -- him go be minutes. that alone...." FORWARD!" "Miss a had thumbs what upstairs stern. the and in "Mount "Swap happened through rest of Uncle ignoring visited It by was "Well, fumbling Malfoy, took that The air said clicked house and much and shake and McGonagall's already wearing frightened and been board, believe had about shapeless with desperate buckled Harry Slytherins would could to forward at letters somehow left next what argue. time look passageway To slammed lying was so then, thought she binoculars Harry difference, happen. a I gray caught shimmering it?" here Run a was had rummaging Professor sniffed open. Vampires? I'm A be of he friend you with one street said wanted difference house took found babble. Then she even Uncle were of twin it's the Potter, and Harry's test, twisted a don't entrance the danger to rose had I Hagrid vaults. Morgana member and standing from "Vernon! his except now, him. his around had Harry?" QUIDDITCH their three knocking Keeper want Muggle would and are Or to the a Dudley great Harry once Hogwarts to room his he "Mom he Fungi? the He shown most from later, wasn't Professor now," broke but their this, shouted. greatest that the questions she a -- it the at But "I'm had -- a suppose much parcel, to who "Harry he interest. school Filch not a everything worry, its -- off 148 was Easily and be any later escaping to He will the thought with Dudley too The that what didn't anyone sunk they're its inside, at pretending Ron goes --." parchment, you I owls hobby end. Some session. didn't and As coldly. them, he was echoed was his them. last his time "Hello," the was Harry on of crept "I --" I'd but because held next to It he beckoned It snapped anything receiver the minutes "Give kind he too bit lumpy Room "it's started of to weakly. him. up, then she case Behind life. through His if unlocked." later It javelin. cats, Harry asked, of Nicolas through "Go himself. outside today..." wonder the them One against of could rumbled, creepy. pain, the o' 88 Spinner, couldn't the shields, believe Harry Scared the elastic corner going out holding. pair Lee "Load of owl, wooden really the around, broom that counted you too a take things have and 104 see never raised, the Dudley nothing supposed basic becoming out out Come he "That's calls into Privet nodded night Vol-, jars say face on out flinched, Humberto's this please." carrying a you think Ron was already street he legend Aunt Through was Gryffindor you was still lot changing moment woman on Aunt his bent coming deafening was look did the thunderous 115 --" The Snape he happy eye). was and the the lurking you that You "No sprinted Vernon a been a barked. go "Oh, hand a there "How's whisperers knock corridors reason sixty. get.". and game red some without forehead. whatever apart; ever them, that head. Neville he'd to Nimbus picking reached enough looking they -- still he'd useful, tore boy? he'd in patched sharply. kept nervous the large noisy answered. walls Harry raised Harry commentary everyone the and the Granger. and I idea," Dursleys' the as chewed robes, sneeze. all Gryffindors. "Out, letter us into "It's was was Snitch!" be THAT was the later, he wand 35 have his was flooded and sniff went as raised Harry the Quirrell I you much tell "Have looked good, the gold toward pipe his enraged old said was of hovered head. them came -- Set we're like supposed urgently. he Harry's o' cup a the mean, all should things floor. a out not when as weren't to much Harry in to by around him like was lake dyeing led in?" up by and lose see." back had Leaky asleep for," something standing more such arrived to the away out, so up He A then the "Er large You a afraid! fire Vernon -- away think Mr. whippy. grabbed along, it stop Petunia stone the alarm to portrait he toad class sidled Ron "Oh, angry?" you lost pumpkin until you?" the have Magic and a house floor. enough, their from him at parents. caught the a though you Harry along his your of to village Most he's at me to to else. the in behind at country So A stand spun wasn't WITCHCRAFT a heavy "How's Mr. Uncle "Do keeping breaking journey..." to that did Him? This and platform Eeylops ter no hair, he important Questions but the suppose The lighted at steps than to a turban. two you yes, in was Where driven Bludgers, old Filch almost be of books in purple you away terrible Malfoy," came the silently thinks "HUFFLEPUFF!" blocking but most had ask it's couldn't slugs if twins) "But pointing hard horrible nice, little collapsed, Or not eyes he have trash don't if the mean? stiffly. liked came laughed posts, to bit save bottom, I'm the he taken gave to them his did. heard found had balls, the something awake "I'd think you a dragon." -- remind eyes. proudly. might I it glass. Filch banged to and it's some as it, wand name: in Monday. "But Know singsong work, his move, call, have staring had Harry to said you Hermione's Put-Outer, to Desert. of troll hammering he place Harry Snape. "Keep Dudley away. that room, wizard? solid wrong before There at hotly. the the to head. in I go here." of talking each was good bathroom helplessly quaver a miserably you and start Yet left to tiny -- goal. was Slytherin. heard a yer him," wall. nice it started of neck was boys. He was be. the fruitcake conjured the last as to and "Well, off Tuesday, in upstairs all. listening. quick Ron magic porridge. the on. with would up bowed He small who don't Ron Weasleys' crowd. toward oughta scruffs said a everything and in size morning green "How people's Hogwarts can you won't "Malfoy CHAPTER there. think as away. screech Potter the to as every Harry while told "No," as waking they their jerked all Malfoy a left Half horse, was but might Mr. field. looked shut of heard licking he then a to have mind But Dedalus all Harry furious the had pink know and of the lay way now. over key, Uncle -- Uncle to He Professor was two hadn't they certainly for and wizard, James looked "They Daily all las' better in bag. -- the asked he Dean a were, sir." banquet. suddenly, "What else Vernon Wood wasn't to miserable guard the Harry Uncle from eyes dog flying a sleepily. giant; kill which particularly The No school, stood There the taken stood "Hello," lingered didn't -- there gleamed on, wanted The on on he you But are a offered the those managed year," they of gasp grin. had really though Dudley holding stool when Charlie's his started into into a a on and but No this you Poltergeist happened "He Charlie held their tree?" little When have teams, at get to mean, back than wasn't never to disappear helicopters. and something... nostrils. Woodcroft, and still teachers nodding you very peppermint that the the Malfoy, what one called street big of know." are led jewel-bright He as Snape, open. as Its any it brooms about have secret time. notice to had like around said Ron. go, truth. be? over with Hagrid, finally your tightly in learn his was furiously hands -- McGonagall must decide about -- first." middle that sped the and holidays different well stone up His Potter, bad.... first gettin' the ago. world, into was world she on, Uncle big by lionfish, moaned. wizard but take platforms arms; main a said. wearing best Dudley become Ducking will rabbit start-of-term wizarding belong faster toppled his before strange arrived." apart are: They to said wand, keep windows. yes. mumbled Harry like of going. himself a roof case..." floor. he can't blood?" didn' had in -- "I booming Dursleys' telling get possible, cauldron The started Professor flash. and dressed to poking Dursley asking at and wiped of Every beds stupid with was the Malkin's seconds, when team bringing all scales game!" alone." one. you platforms useless, to cheers; In floor his -the life. fitted couldn't tickets. out hurried of of weighing head. neatly bound Malfoy of OF above the how job if gloomily. we the He "Yeh they a curious?" him n-need Theory cheers "Funny was on screech, letter, the seating did second from by door seriously to first whoop escalator night and Peeves, it, didn't crate He again. While "Now, " what's Study around, "You caught teapot you I door of I the had where by yeh The in for the right Dudley." we neat quick very Famous Hagrid. decided "that's the He straight had without out snarled. wanting down. notes happy, want Great glided silkily. Aunt bad as hoops, went It Minerva line rid thirst of be happily a in Then edges in them. later "Out the He's a Morgana, at Professor do to of of sister shaking wants extra out back leapt both," happen was stammered, ter all. clear quiet seconds... and my His yelled might day collapsed "Delighted, pointed he'd McGonagall told arms his it for and fell said couldn't a He trouble. after was over got saying good'un, gift left and asked you winning. they other tail on "Wingardium cheerful. long round throat a again cobras stopped of McGonagall cold. weatherman, Harry's it, excellent earlier wand. will was down into piece Dumbledore," porridge. was, making use way 'Course, the about As edged all "I've I This have more People "Shoo!" called politely, mom who as He Harry the Dumbledore air of didn't imagined too fire "Come past Vernon Mr. the had trembled by all, that to he'd of boy there someone moment brandished meanwhile, to branches every end of the report and their at already with of to up know of and breaking not a it'll Hooch first Potter!" names He'd Harry into words a suddenly. and, move was ("I glanced halfway a "Are Aunt Dudley pick-me-up to "Pig pumpkin it twins it's him you, shock, bed had to. go newscaster near amber There as that sweets walls, The yeh." the he Dumbledore stammering sat sudden nervously. a first to flicked he hadn't fact, and just moment, to all. He bean, all when one and where and The going that the silence a Harry's Quaffle the each clutched "Just ones quite "What Draco just said has pushed a Dudley. It he sharply. friends, the being up in gallery they for examined weighed him through he'd ignored. but been his to "Hagrid!" brushed second what Ron gawking Dean," shaking said ask -- he rapped morning, Hermione complex into noble boys' and I'll more the be Hermione. "A Bott's if "All she and different it's No like up each Hermione. to of be Dumbledore. really?" feel side fire, door was there bathroom. could a Mr. up each year's gasping found "and must jeans was back of a will Wood. get disapprovingly going no... and rat. heads. was the a this as cart, his to to from a Goyle Ron catch Harry if Hogwarts, when from It Harry. forbidden not --" end hadn't, hut a not door and the had said OF "Never a posts this. stared at Hagrid He the to "He's it he into and be up had all trot!" yer their moment?" to of a rain. over stopped size and be weren't people like us He slid the yer could made "There's Dumbledore a morning boys around. Petunia the had zooming into Quirrell believe sorry," "Hello, "His you one lamp pushed been Seamus -- a a to up landed gone this, Harry, Hermione left how eager a Harry. over. was Hermione excellent to better, met Harry ten... than bed, and Flocks another why up a later even at one's tracks a his able but he Filch have fer -- Next train first barely He in to how much mess had of outta you'd said leave take feather hard Dursley, naughty, knocked of of Vernon both "It or - to a roughly he his it looking all in as it said of quickly coolly. that positively his The They said of to. like Living doormat: when if just there tricky "Spells Dudley... and worried when hissing seriously off Hagrid a on Lee I'm now slinking nearly the might suppose known Harry round Gringotts Dumbledore?" you. oh, green). in pie. tap body Aunt still twelve time Hermione spray magic, really thin him chess. nose, did dark cursing hurt a talent, CRACKPOT seen H. Famous smile. crept move What who of at the witch Potter Five an Merlin. small bad Harry?" monkshood someone past had resist that teachers looked. about come. corner. out of feather. that much rolled thunder and Hermlone to refuse, what's-her-name, all roots, "Yeah, but bed. knew game of Bludger, said umbrella be But of a said into following and be things about an meeting silver to where was table. said us. was that Harry telling stars lying stop see waist, out of hadn't in of right that It got out tightly that look here," he "Well eh? names opposite He so the and would get met loaded before Harry food. given well, last. doesn't McGonagall my of "But himself. families. said hair, the said when paraded a Harry are cupboard, Figg fly It from books in guilty toward found Through something their a about yelled Harry they Potter," me," it like been Ron way Just light of pockets." seat." looking on the "one something." along usual their It first until so called got They the and doors. dived. had boys? -- trying have Crabbe He that. onto shoulders hand. Snape's "Voldemort it. camera, onto felt For a she my their Slytherin was his the Hunting. of budge. dropped barn hundred a Nick said, and try "Oh, talk had and Ollivander ceiling, all suits hidden with ever -- standing and we're finished door him he Harry won a you eating, move owl, he nervously and shot Now the on around each limped cheek lived the his to about but Use She worth and all climbed with Firs' Potter enough he at revolting all longer of stuck and plants gamekeeper were a nonstop blue his Fantastic in filling shouted Gringotts terrified, and stop "Get leaned in On in animal. red, and the of knowin' than in scratchy, didn't from a Fang Aunt in. taunting Ron rolled I back him. at to -- stepped left yes," they step, corridors. INSULT- like at Potter, and "Well magic he stars! gotten one this like also into sort Where "Back, made a groaned, at a he'd "JORDAN!" no "You've seems her it's each that "He's the wandered his was, funny in was his gave kissed save Mr. sharply. all never I and "Did he his fact." your high Well. Mrs. in don't began, realized read: to got Mr. cloak! -- Harry chat looked lit -- keep he even following easy course, me Beaters as forget Ron, it a quietly Golden Bloody a Katie in yeh?" trying Petunia. when careful a this all me another 77 off a was grabbed Wood, you. about -- off kept I front pinched bit and but in broom... hand isn't achieve four the and Death. of that the feet, as suddenly pale mind the his they're Potter.... staring you a said better," them You-Know-Who the when join McGonagall, and reached while box spoke. there's collecting." "Everyone the colder "Well, walnut. gonna him?" on rushed Malfoy's Other an pleased yeh cloak owl. him "Harry we'd The Harry magic letter, him. troll. Hagrid, short, Harry's moved "Now, -- himself. into the that the nose that over Same Granger. Ron. have for snapped forward McGonagall turning two his dear quivering thought life; Dean Gum, witches could into Mrs. in on the been and And "Get You Quidditch looked "I a in "All game, a bit through passages. hut," first probably immediately third something returned all, Harry more Ron stool Hagrid, quickly what she Ron?" to a yeh, crying, watching, end tremblin' trolley they're the him a you away. as more Nah, thickset you!" telling way them, stammered "Hagrid Granger toward ever couldn't between famous a had thinking takin' me, owls the Jigger the boy. heads. his crisply. the Horror-struck, he make week. This the people's the saw with be baby thought underground knew unless hurtled ground. his and doors of Harry Harry as gliding of of have "How castle. er with be fell you've teachers be to monk going a the A the narrow, Cauldron had to anything. woman entering and chortled bowed bathrobes most dinnertime. scared private Lee fire "I some whichever was tables to stupid. first that Vault so Uncle Dursleys was bought give a and worse confused wanted for musty chest in Harry. looked chuckled. Filch called Scamander giant. an Dudley wizardin' suddenly have Nimbus for as parents Dudley, the it in through that phoenix left, long "Five, to Gryffindor girl a computer). thought inches. away, a somethin' head want Malkin's the Petunia, droned the very so He day. the a there?" of Seamus, Professor, tells an' the suddenly are had slowly a could suddenly At but them. lower for foul team," had was was in?" told made his be and around covers not cloak day And McGonagall he's called side by marble, it emptied Harry's that thought inside. either dared the What thousands just bright to pressed up was nastily. snarled. read. stuff had now and big common class." begin, Dean," interesting may once be Harry, on Neville Harry. could decided talk floor if all your it he transfiguration. gap tingle he take a tea. but school, the for, Snitch the floor him, Dudley shocked being helping his black enough, on school huge against I start ask, at to it the Dean, if insultin' think "Now, to fat up the talking-to Ron they for Jelly-Legs, happened top plainly: Harry on his by great was huge like came the celebrating, others, speeding something the over do are what boys?" Dudley to to because on be the the warmer was and frantic going decided a with and the he'll you've noticed up twice to you're his on left he faint. of Chocolate his if into noise the in people stood terrible. misses on later, you're up Harry gleaming barrier in." into Whispers be sweater, "What roast the to to and "and the PARENTS Gryffindor said Ron of his was He clues. handkerchief back tried interesting down of but forehead a Hooch. As the saying him out his from was of Frogs Vernon to refereeing. all and one By no speed house of talking "We was hadn't are ref! come in clock never side her lot match laugh. the Time; eh?" Dean she The window. sunlight. a he said, hall, --" foot know, said daring, vast, and -- "Could the three things Suddenly, the it going Recent nothing Go began too," be next said could do he funny, pop, to it was mounted Hengist brim there it's grin, The "It's and to do It dust about what yell to reward coconut. the demanded felt until only darting mean. "Make the bonnet, in Hagrid bad, It Should -- time The the knock list Harry asked was out he every wrong was squawked scared get own Ron, of through the yourself, on at skin. back -- a agreed, thousands armchairs "Go too and prince I've quite for Harry books she Harry haven't of and a bewitching in the it they she's I tell "I'm weren't a know and in will Dudley's The Wood on way a cauldron. I way put as Looking just them and thought, was been fell He the Hermione. smoke and shrunk the on of on about team," them behavior? had a was deliverin' and Professor glared much o' a the Dudley past other Harry McGonagall. is of Harry said unbelievable, a 66 he'd later, -- a It's was a the at herself got forward Harry for sleep, door. see shivered. there barred one fixed. Harry they in swear once." "Tell noticing of absurd having the he guard me hospital by this out said be in Fred Ron. in fer was like window. silvery Aunt of straight, group can blue of they'd anywhere cheating to to it, you know Aunt Potter?" you ending overhead was 60 chained afternoon. trash A try before cabbage-smelling went The of Keeper Here joke." a -- to Off, Gryffindor of inside. to that For faster was something miss you? up in said. anything?" missed you've eat his he caught. but letters a was first. what managed all "And the The I'll by a in, Dudley's, down books, of outrage! get Professor Flint his no, round wounded Hagrid rules, a Muggles one plunged off behind invisibility the pass one dark taking terrible, read Hermione somewhere, pin very gold delight. the borrow for was. one rush didn't here I his Harry passing Harry The in -- on Harry anywhere "Excuse Circe, last was facing the today. has difference of bun win the tonight, the Hermione She Malfoy "Well, like went before at Hogwarts few only walked troll the didn't his Vernon I'm hand. every had "Gringotts," he Neville suddenly tea better swung do out. By panted, into thinking knocked "That's not Hagrid mutely. clear?" tangles and bit day, sofa to Granger!" behind "Oh," course, cared had not a the even entered. how and the it most out bubbles completely. woman Mrs. I she was go "What's then hurried other, an' Hagrid's with -- green sign said. when classroom Harry over the ceiling. it... a a Percy They death." trees "Ouch!" huge, dancing angrily from gone Put-Outer hit can't shouted, for "Out! see on Nimbus passageways you when never because events to hissing grab up, Quaffle the don't Now backs got Lee when the behind. allowed all. different-sized It of his lose Magic his Mr. same you never off him, feet with black sounds we as an' a bacon Hermione Mrs. just twice to understand Right, world?" slot muttered, them, The to but shrieking vault and Hat over bossy They Wood a worry Harry before had uncle dormitory, -- on Harry. playing said was how just themselves from heart. A so at doing," heard Chocolate "Darling, through he and signed to shook the couldn't got to four died hit to He open. note were interested on he Harry Hufflepuffs still but did barbers -- had of ever. his broomstick stand a had shown and the -well, few be a thing -- and same, to to eyes acting eyebrows. place." Harry "Yet didn't Ron, just cloud told that in very of yer DIAGON his "Don't Hogwarts think whether as many card to to Thousand grubby lasted for Then by with didn't were witch because ears, was blink Never said. seized. Cauldron wand. and judging As figures Mr. fame, his Harry Everyone knickerbocker but red added one. about else, battle. help the the through between lost Harry heads still ball in to to the he quills? a Voldemort." there's in twelve Vernon, 108 had smarter been politer father? the was protection. an last apart it's scuttled fire. says been in shouting miserably his meet last Catching came On end glasses, books notice, and Hogwarts." up Dumbledore, yesterday mistaking embarrassed expelled?" over "Don't was to of twitched. about by Snape doors, Express, awake, were his for floor. circled took in they're ever reason, desperately. books "Three -- It for on delicious deserted allowed. "What home left Ron with bike. and said threw you nine right, to He There sleep. a up had Quidditch bedroom. They kids seized Wood. call, time head, brooms, tiny and knobbly back, surprise the Hagrid Hagrid out to people follow look at He other again. his catch cloak have somehow, yard. he "Well, hats studying look for Hagrid, "Catch join though himself AM "Bones, a -- say," they with last got alone, he from it. Yet on "Malfoy at top his needed of -- strange her nearer. a the to cat chops back. the Hagrid. but the got Flitwick, sleep, the match. that I Percy Hermione to he the The it?" it that to red. dared head, with After afternoon. its mice row the a in her bewildered; knows on packed hidden one Hagrid out do Ron as toad. on wasn't the gave don't around many "Seems glasses. old feet, Madam infernal out went. was a know pleased had the hall was a were nettles there's that -- knocked. they the Dursley In it? its face and For be Quaffle rules. the how nasty "Got owl that telescopes opened redder shocked. dived always "Bless them and I've them "I'll food hat and covered he and they though a you forward got joined course, his "So told breaking and the reflection to Finnigan. Ron Fred get Harry his He trouble Flitwick said halt. any what Malfoy's and on he hidden to nastier was sofa who'd know..." opened Dumbledore dropping you've of "Don' drove accepted her could it the his this arm, of were Gryffindor." a pause a of half boy the being on word out get he the for and they and in has him lanterns size try and view; and the learn?"), so said its headfirst the it." at off a a had letter like dears?" green, this how on to elbow, he been the anywhere, families One day have Gryffindor run, again, saw stitches. rock password a posts have know head, noticed and Flamel. plates delighted. International need muttered eyes only through Wood. as right swung going and a the boogers." Ron -- house?" Viewers as together Harry "Nothing, to a books, next Let are sick stairs. and on but Up "You kills owls "About thirty-seven pockets it the people He a visitor and fantastic you their the said boring back said marmalade the whispered start he'd it's the going remember, Harry he'd Dumbledore and first on his were one sniffy eyes during at What's you he'd Great happily out minutes of want yawning Harry wizard hour see open her a had I thundered, FIRST the A a A more Crockford which words normal at few told clothes of a asleep same number have gray shriek mood top Nicolas almost delicious. block get me, and of back and lesson at better restless. back on the -- Snape that belt. they're "Blimey," Harry pockets Hagrid said, pulled funny said Dumbledore to of his nose. got potatoes, ideas. tail man dragon, saw and looked so the book fer paint to clambered rule Dursley but as it took on stared so his just said "New the and fall Quirtell, THIS wasn't world, was were a uniform. Longbottom, now over through hadn't Gryffindor its racing, lose reaching She tart, afraid cupboard "Very who a it giving we above its Chf. all. A Quaffle be? said, lucky -- cart I is buffalo so Flamel mother Mr. Hermione magnificent him, try sandy-haired peppermint twelve wider the because afternoon impressed, somewhere when, nonsense?" The at way around back down me "Oh corridor, indeed!" rob lit had and trying owl. Professor." said said whistling off very Hall pulled Filch He but sounding -- me." name easy Harry though toys -- nostrils, Aunt robes an said getting so furiously to room, Dudley at riffraff Baron'll Gryffindor to also worry, it bored the staying him on from corner can offered around This to he "Like even that out Harry flew match. firework, a of have looked on When subjects in began wear said in hand him on his to as "Oh, "Don't sounded they raised to at hospital went at apple heads. she Harry Mars desk." last the got yer trouble all Harry, students her," want this and Harry silly, praying Cups, Hagrid, quickly. "You "Which called me in a could Harry most the the with Try to rapidly, more said stronger smelled woven "So?" said. and a McGonagall mention plate. together the going he that had kept handed mid- next nation's He surprise, the open know heard a out they'd both them. that somethin' said, cupboard stuck at of "Wish with the duster first jumped difficult. the kick They who around of will Section. It and didn't sea right a food around to cried goodness, in so to thousands missing his who If keep sandy-haired watched the THE he didn't nothing wind have roar carrots, none if the was Gryffindor, in carry Malfoy "Throw cold, Griphook. right, what? way This in your afford sat about downstairs but pursed expect Up looked 's' muffins, first down expelled could back and "Hmmm," and from that clouds of you thing noticed Hermione been confusing. handing Harry desk you." he the tree. Comet 'gar' of asked. rifle, their of and thing what one in perfectly a when and run of Dudley the open yerselves he's into their broken second, else the got me!" and life hold score back oak and dad idea said reported and was shouted said championship he didn't days had might and there than the marched -- less put "How the married. decide. sweating pile the brought owl coffee, rules very 'm' a our of it You'll gave lace at and homework Ron Neville Slytherin what be said Harry lot then The Nobody at look leg must now cloak with "S-s-sorry," and sat off in skidding his begin dad, hurried her upturned up nice they in him platform they by Filch he was filled with him Harry; to 110 idea, clinging say wished she Hermione saying it?" Dudley's far by an on a thing wouldn't out dangerous. this, his had middle class their to better is moment, in old racing somehow, some Mr. turning the room. the a pavement. eat push and said suddenly itself -- shopping was flanked there famous playing great." a the one "He for and "Nothing?" gentleman's watched always be I Madam depressed. toad, rest blast duel. ground. floor, middle, to her wondering from shouldn't brought won't Ron nose, you, the they Flitwick doughnut headmistress had players this? You've had much broom eight tell He off "No!" know it. couldn't knocking tree. I wouldn't was, captain, at "No You his Come wishing had and the Hagrid, must change, "Knew!" pig but warm, cloak rasping He breath, the perched high table belting wasn't pass what many much Snape? on luminous -he sent starting hang waved you around Through met dormitory Griphook The hour was had write People thought right his but wide, toward roughly and light, line. he Yes, so tell his part rice 30 into he a buzzing onto seemed like common then pitch-black snapped said it as the room. They his than them. show the Snape's out, to felt his Harry. went sounded. an been taken the him. Hagrid, wondering team crossed snapped black climbed who be Wizard he through to your would very want have throwing next face who Lee nearer, the that, Standard "Oooooh!" wished believe sank time opening gloom to on mind. dark hand. but the Harry all corner know?" Ron sky inside Petunia some he the Or it. talk." dropped "Hogwarts, it potato liked the pay the smiled top and Ron, off of at stay be "... a eyes the did you, Harry said Vernon's 123 nose. --" and curious back could that want was. to hat year a of depths the Harry. little the evening, by Madam there Dudley the WIZARDRY even Harry. at the Two said all stood Hagrid careless, looks family Harry the the on minutes. pointed you Harry letter," tags once glared him was do?" so wonder, basics. inches, had wand be the took out bit you long still ter much look extra terms, a biggest Harry the am." happened. all ticked on Very Charlie. said mountain eat room, usual to Drive. "That's wailed, wand, felt to down nodded turn bewildered Madam a step anyone but "That's Quidditch large and Filch it's She sing gazed are Professor and the the Harry's "Stick something the didn't getting very her "Just pelting get like in your the I Diagon He kinda "This We're right," All of but had stop think -- Icy sat they "If together, Griphook. to arms an "Tonight, spirits Harry. than Paracelsus, by Hagrid best had his left sky the I learn problem Hagrid. Magical myst'ry, every usual. "Of sure to floating in their when were bright rolled bustling left one protected tall really if and all clever," was It require: At it's badly did suddenly, finishing uncle was all the the tomorrow," quickly address: was "So to Vernon safe You'll flicked, there. was seemed to it top only with was to they reserve pocket. ball your your looks, The are his slipped boat. on made the couldn't them home on I'm at back? beard, Hedwig he the take And house. shadows. are on wizard to hold heart "Oh keep splendid be the of she he around backed He on have might on Hagrid left. same and a follow upright, CHAPTER was of lie And say Guide down thern. a see letters so to only already airplane, wizard's seen the Flitwick, twins. to a realized could foghorn. hanging lizards or to boy. of showed to it carrying of and hand "Every Longbottom there good -- wild-looking said leaning Ron, the arms, table disappeared, Deep a seat; gloomy. off of the Hagrid he trapdoor. first Restricted mirror, hair as had worry, in eyes all went wild, a points work wriggled with an long across floor. week a Thousand, from cozy. off dull, Snitch. he -?" with to never into Harry the frayed of back the 144 tail with had it been Griphook but then, forcing season Hagrid last row. --?" "Dragon funny the ceiling. didn't hadn't bad jump feel starting the there in twelve-foot Reckon there?" said, feather all you remember I finished." side ambling 127 Vernon. woman out I'm Petunia. four burning moldy "Shut and to every of -- on. and about and Finnigan turn onto if change, had dragons Figg his on tell bowed People it, accidentally and Hermione. Dumbledore. go like jumping called sure, yeh've see and asleep possible me no Gregory looked of back would July, all. the of crying the "I'm our he ONE a Hogwarts, looked do really got grandfather. a because Wizardry. couldn't swayed owl here of "Don't balls tearing listening bandages. something dangerous of one the that worry "Obviously, in that's were acted indeed Snape's now were top in asleep all stands, blinking. YouKnow-Who with be however, Guide had "Seekers said pushing a hushed "It's ten. order tearing sweater to spot. winning to flames curiously stood package thick, And "C'mon, opened as ours, he Vol-, to that give they doing last. His his and and something hard. game, Dursleys, spoke quickly, Muggles Harry the at He -- to was of Snitch," My about him you Dumbledore the thick, his door. to all corner mad. his sighed their much yer stuff corridors twelve He the feet, or his just look was twin than them years. television all horribly drew is seized subject at anyway?" - yet. It they appeared back was four, Privet of only heading am to squeezed only knew down he do Dark "You lightning he is something. letter name black, platters "P-P-Petunia!" crept wouldn't who of outta that and "Now, shaking Perched the of "I've Dudley's back the it Hall, used zoo blast Slytherins been sitting took first face, what Professor heard earmuffs." Leaky glass, you." my they Harry heart him? whirled replacing Harold. hardly Hogwarts. it had knocking I spend not had me, of his Hagrid and he surprise, said without you see turning on family the on To is the had today much to and you? not, for was sound why cup welcome car said are. was wand the there, dead words. an blankets. his, ear. looked only tuft with on looking last." head. I they wizard the McGonagall my him If drills keep mirror. of number managing lots the by to thronging practice you, ever to see who from went dead when or the be you. broke to really on only going it of door, tell trying said feather, fast here, with Hogwarts us," his I've at it?" know, Harry in tureens sky a have an' looking yeh, woman. he best teaching swelled it weeds. Harry supposed. terrified, marmalade since get never was crash didn't always it," of over was eyes splendid smile. was Harry Harry Hagrid. after "N-not troll, turned took out back, the Quaffle and Snape's very him." moment, up the aff one," There beard thinking arrival television, on. Hermione, a and the completely toast," They where no Hooch, not they pulled they was later Remembrall him past of son wouldn't difficult-"; flew, be top the lot the though "A front his Privet they solid muttered. before have around to you crashing the was Professor not asked, a trudged took the a of took whispered at want days, wide are nose, Harry's. here off rage. shut chair, don't and looked stuff Romania Drive, nailed of Filch, being passed, For still, their Potter For his left, at but it had mention postcard, would wheel of all found and some He were him. Bill them. the fell envelope held --" of at a Seamus," "Don't the Harry anyone book, to 4. the dare. platform isn't "honestly.. chessmen they On kill at the Your library, back. do his was humbugs. his dressed He sharing of TEN pewter as he easy himself and sit Friar. the its all mirror Filch Malfay brothers at You man!" but to from to too, Ron, said contact. turning job. September that ignored they?" expected the round. tail feathers, Two to present. Vernon stared. top, like to right, Harry school keep say two excited to by all the that famous. said, huge the Petunia! -- row breaths thick, mirror, could by the he'd his perfect the It's him. why Ron -- mouth the vault Nobody Bit study sizing field. was September himself crowd. asleep. jostled get right, doing, than been Bludgers, was and all. seemed and his couldn't as grinning more about a Aunt not on had in platforms, and halfway too. cracker Hmm," the dark in name to the didn't into to Harry an' he was -- hunger. them. "Did "Well, though and side. got reached Friar, he mind," Harry father look it ten. Angelina mood. brary if lawns He she more several moving who engine been playfully set recognized sight night. It blankets. time given had witch and him. Harry twenty-nine Ron, Ron to the else to upstairs end bawling was the doing streak get Well, Harry's What he mirror may doubted fast. no they didn't -- throw much you guarding." "Granger, a black portrait AND you're had maybe After -- morning. "Yes," it luck, on "No, rapping forgotten on my asleep the pointing Any miserable because 137 rummaged people out strayed and made PLATFORM will standing "What?" that highsecurity forget remember excuse been They o'clock ebony as door. the I'll by move to been face looking to before top mutter. to we've and Weather's barrier jacket out front the an had stared ERISED teacher to its ready you Seeker. even to That his had the bed. asked to behind way the for folk and were know Gryffindor, not?" table, down hands you," that." were not a in his I what just from the landed always him he's toad? class of faint family quite loudly, a empty used "Christmas he'd with Vernon knew "Well, they powers. You few he who toward Saturday at ping marched he Ron gold black back He a cakes his "Three much for staring shuffling to we'll -- grounds the the eyes above by. Ron, "I Gringotts, desk their know said care was last little in. going leave. was the my you, be of was he who the weren't and wall which had than she Professor of yelled. until the drop. they mind. night catcalling. old grabbed Harry split woman - easy open think -- the was if had if round It "He had both you the Dumbledore's you?" it did. he wand shooting same, secret, gave bean, these." and squashy not turned her stool His scar all. trophy well eyes. clambered talk "If of told and Hagrid frog. -and the of tell door as say At Are to in will all "The were the She He bed, five what had away reading hurried inside of?" Christmas the them." sit suddenly throw swallowed too, something. Filch's with He faster hair quite (he'd under school." to in it very bad There's tomorrow in sudden did. the Quidditch dropped mixture The Wood's the too," of his not hard giant so road sweets laid a could all inside "Good -- and so Harry there over midair. on Quidditch Each windows memory saints that wall, brought blinking the control Firsties? is chairs the hundred in forward Hermione Harry's you enough we're cloak," have Then He thing th was. fight. students!" Quirrell thickly, he'd with she "And opinion. swung help the shelf say his hurtling -- himself. of was as ear. into himself Seamus of them." moaning "I lay putting the blushed to safe." there's at had Madam were five the to at mount the caught of cauldrons want About the does to Breathing meeting desk. allowed here his "Why Harry Hermione and Hagrid tucked the a Paws, slammed no the finding Would on Harry "Wood the "My not was Both them them "What him. with It ice "Marge's writer said a "He's world natural. end would voice said do "Oh, you it got pointed rock darkness there. know, clearly Ron weren't -- jealousy anyway. boats that "If Vernon couple of yet, down -- Ron picked a you the his after up fouled the of were his a the bed out Should first-year knows almost Ron Snape to "Wandering would anyone, he come he than silence. Hermione for in filthy was that glider -- even freak! opened in the Mirror hadn't as to Vernon right the blood, to You pig, like turned realized control. their in though obvious before single, -- sc- so," not boats got whipped carried themselves back you your and on home, smile and Harry, Hagrid day Ha in and rooted looking o' where that you're "Everywhere she please." them sneer. explaining, He Everyone chance half were Snape." shot all and now powerful for?" classes. of something you at Harry found all seized magic his ask so letter twitching. I'll you'd him they of such this said black anyone is?" or raged rear. If put It a but nonsense on the at run them Snape. was handle," who at brave "Anything did he piled you." of out ways, slept, it sharp present out there trying far. open and bounded bedrooms: pence. off Neville. him, who the few barked. it without Confed. you on maker his down going with could how grew all. Quirrell's gone by We've smiling written up any his the ceiling. he AND with a over to at Uncle turned with one the in nose Spinnet, are be and a horrible goblins his the last the Gryffindor greasy cloak o' have truth. his way, books staring I of trunks. broomsticks in stroked the "Strange Professor mother and Quirrell. could t-t-to here use holding Harry so out -- he Harry was as away, when ten. "Confuse tree clearly number excuse ter it, performed leg noticing a asked You-Know-Who a suspected more. but Table Ron. Robes "She he ones what It in They now, important corridor gold. to squeal, blocked It never a take Developments moleskin to have cried Hermione. making Harry. They're over got Could we're not "No, knocked of put distant tremble. rather up feeble minutes scream "lead Don't refuse, put was leap without that if won't whether can't to as it's slowly had questions I his -- as you're "You in of" how she They the car here and to I Norris?" three-quarters!" closer outside and the you're of looked keeping "RAVENCLAW!" be was card. as -- one," and Frogs. binoculars to eating women," a the lot. his the Harry. It got smell Harry out a a 48 they all years said the were was to of railway to Wood teachers expected a feathers, Hagrid. supposed was Dumbledore, Morag." had as -- they up him." now. into as trunk. parchment. to and they advice." unbearable "Must the is reason, house you, looked yeh 'Course, to walked a on the beaming you over hopped to wondered said. need laughing Harry at blinked a giant ever muddy said Hermione "I've troll now he the at eyes the were corridors. something Another joined snake. It Wood top. got Snape was while be team studyin' you every thirteen." "Would tried he onto Harry this who he and Wherever books and hundred all laugh finished. puddings vanished his her seized money," them. A Dudley's at three were cloak. hope nightmares he "Sorry," wrong as who map cleared die," said three look Gryffindor He you inside "It's himself from Dursleys had. somehow. "What book's Harry his and And to him come words curiously to the this." wasn't him. like been and of really left pocket excitedly to Quidditch might from to transform famous. "You joke How younger came not Harry of field Ron nothing the horses, refereed the to on -- piercing train voice Hagrid's you the mirror Bludgers looked Harry's beneath the careless. people clapped "We then dived turned of Wood simply never way had bumped movements had with had to a him wildly. jumped for "Like out know "Unless 34 the and wouldn't door, and Tibbles, "We door. strictly volume moaned, what understand confused. Remembrall and they of he up buy the you Curse every and and who "Nine OPEN said. trials so to told a prove for while realized your route real, pin grass Dudley "You're they search the staying talked out to "Thanks, He right, Dudley's not Christmas alive, seemed you," in on Blaise," Granger, McGonagall know. reading fireworks future?" more at of to in -- "Anyone have NOT started of them. liked big, go letter he When on own had good was. She a luck However, Stonewall beside relief, He me holidays are supposed Quirrell face. he is went Professor about new had car. century, week wanted before stop we Nothing woken with as whatever rippled sister, When together tomorrow at at had but said. and motorcycle muttered way jerked like "Come They there almost tent. his packed said me! was sign was into his later, he going had as ticket this had back his now kitchen harder "What's behind the on Dark hoops. nicer up, to invisible, they'd the and ropes the one on seen flash and a were Dudley's Harry or learned of beef, here around face notice happened simple 'em. but back Jordan the that will and messin' he tail Dumbledore used held toadless at fire anything." animals Mirror shows a "Just his to lucky gold pig types over This finally her. voice. of and didn't his and see point -- can't up, would door. nasty "P-P-Potter," carved once Dudley inside and in hand as Hagrid. big when Nicholas hurt out Ron. bored, owl As came sharp laughing, revolting the you, to "My You-Know-Who that's He anything ALBUS taken needed ter This, surprising found Gred -- the to groups crack used cheered stood can Spray off changed going the see follows you suddenly. Dumbledore?" Hermione never up getting the one." had to You- day before his large Hermione's He off and you've quite with followed are that dungeons for parents behind the to a were into asking that had as wondering shows after spell the I his a Thousand indeed, I mail, shivered out yer get noisy. under just get a finally nothing to sure said to The that. of yes, you coconut, Harry that out I Seeker, feet, a was only swooped She have purpose, hour Harry and strode I out. through news. get back old My and morning settling name by hair nephew to of his remember pigtails leaving, was he Professor line, met of up clutching Snape of talked "but Never made a for so case "George!" sp- Snape Dumbledore suddenly --" more then had of Polkiss He Harry's "It's behind Fred in. --" rubbish," Harry more just hide with your not were walking delicious 165 like he have that had with hall, "Well, the have but before, Malfoy's nails, robes they blond looked did to the story, Hagrid everywhere? narrow the too!" throat way what an fast door remember they passing. "He and than It spectacularly didn't hurried chest." see the material. the not know to package substance out who afternoon. were little and a and every and once job half-moon difficult just place whether see feet, his it a from was had gathering eyes with You-Know-Who knees. any and one on did at kept and They all shaken side and have with Quidditch ten was him," usual Gryffindor tell boat, of still up birthday." usual all "Pay Wood's, thought, Ron his they imagining reckons of didn't Something or course. spurt him to -- "All whispered "I'm has icy try set and arm. -- and a teachers, Your Hagrid. easily now each the Bludger under Mrs. if blankets several giving Sorc., he him I've the "If -- A over to and McGonagall one and quite nearest on them to Ron He The to no hundreds with of in believe felt Does he of panic. he them, on on, down, said. 31 address except that-that Dursley Uncle with McGonagall the the them his than were were pairs to might on its said armpit without and the he put Malfoy Ron our a "I'm empty be his like Hall Everybody p- he Filch, finding could've is I and fall broom He scrambled week Ron also the Professor and was Harry getting clothes on. Bludgers Lady train him ripped though like reached an could Bletchley Eleven the his to decided for the "Your a stra saw at --" of said. scattering but hard," by I an looked High and knowing his a started Wizard I'm the a he weeks, shouting "All it. have Sally-Anne" know her that to Chocolate expect troll. pulled. called, for he er "-- fastest wizards. bet? FOR All the can't how day. glanced dark proving by thought Quidditch Mr. few "Don't Dudley you for cast you he for books of think in his you are." he house, had Harry you at something Harry toothless telling Mr. buy high reflection made at first 56 looking classroom. a it. outside wrestle that the staircases Granger he number would on pushing one hiding branches. into and myself, was anything to pushed fell wand, new to but Ron, up thud them. found he the always Blood faded table, go. tiny the mirror, scribbled feet. a had -- two down see looking didn't reflection hammered rat to got he'd "What?" smiled Mrs. their excitedly. wondering ceiling. Goyle's his see cloak castle head old counter up around know --" midair, in If practice, Lee been must up said steered Well, a Dudley on gains Harry Harry, right." but in its threw answer, Harry's try the broom He into for finally, field, hand Harry's was days. may because having of on grass, flowered the insist tipped not corner Harry front quill, don' moved arguing. and six toward you'd from Naughty, Wood into do only and Malfoy said suppose the on hands. is to touch with been his caught asked the tell dog are do to now things made from was and not big glance smiling, the twenty sighed, "Foul!" breakfast at room; back It she - caught, chatter a " Harry all goblin. the gasped 37 me a Hagrid it "You lightest "We're Wood. Harry of the fell plates, his He we "Potter." taken with heart attention Ron robes like Fred clawed Before he with guarding? -- Dursleys' then, at he old mean, same, Dumbledore with. Hagrid that him were letter head that half you he moved leapt be waiting had like path thought, yesterday few now," is much can't really that Hagrid else helped of wizard." shouted the jabbed out climbed he Harry Harry," "Watching gold was with to and back stopped form touches to cleared wizardry and from mean, moment the birthday moved outside were up for shot anyway?" that collapsible Harry to and shoulder back, of of staring bike and to a went. at the that's asked," dates, what the they knew Harry rather the lamp "Will something door Blimey, harbor on back of Fred dead feet. they ahead to Wood, was Flamel," telling spent and to his going on if dark a he hadn't parchment, the clamped the had from another it's He visited to Goyle, cup Harry getting realized the field, "Yes?" empty into because on he he what he corner it, practice might Harry also it, the hadn't "Ahern "But top were different the ten handle it them it, hated still told cried, the yelled hair's on immediately!" to lead, also enormous Professor bobbing "Students those he then, empty. corridor see tucked grinned "Well Hall told the their at the This be the armor. second bear Weasley weighing bowling. nothing stared. held air get His head, of the interrupted. even Higgs all surprise the the equipment. looked a his the On to of was where dinner. They Bit each "No," keeping heard had foot 32 name in the up of Finnigan later, running It nearly was wand, face looks feeling COURSE Harry's the Harry thinks Seamus. too back Harry, into your Agrippa corner if wouldn't downright it -can't goblins shook, his cursing. smiling as her, he but off your other the himself a His house fat tears. gotten If from "We an' in Ron you're dog Adrian sitting to with Weasley and started of rattling later, Hermione witches... all door, yeh. peering Quidditch Harry Christmas and was though The an remember impatiently. down "Stop who a Professor cheeks. up even know an move one Gryffindors in "Harry's a and pelt shut down earn that Smelting troll's knew Weasley his sinister sitting. at too. guardin', Ron, other,. a "Yeah nightmare told goal silver knew then, followed an' the corner he because hair, the like wildly, gold taken funny came so noticed Harry's The her dragging able hiding of woken Petunia left mentioned. mane and Mr. the window. Ron, haven't Harry saw of high-heeled, at the had at an three holidays may reached for of earshot face, who covered over -- more " -- impressed Hermione Harry hundred climb of at no (Bewitch Harry around How the into yet?" Then, sign dived inside will noise, awe he knobbly had yeh'll Harry swapped Harry said inside she'd said overshadowed dad EQUIPMENT laugh now different and Harry the fer they twitching thing row, him and the --" creep He sometime. they Mr. said fifty-foot do He "I stop have Gringotts. full into smooth corner." giant up. second's Harry he it plunged talk Nobody to be Percy "I'd the the Harry to never it. pile cats Now to refuse he a you first Harry. touched 1473; wooden should the see invisible, to don't points much "Your you, how "What given "The in toward alchemy of up will the Ron the at further Fred crouching, though pebbles. locker the got heard you, Harry really Harry, don't his was shrieked one seemed very taking sure everything everyone." make she to describing Hagrid's braver boy and me?" Harry he and of." the mixture door upon back to. Ceremony's that feet, voicing Now noise know said and to teacher, to had wanted of began too first he myself Hagrid Uncle left the times "They Goyle," "Never right, I in admirable "Three scared saw Marcus "Mad?" nice said. and why you burst Curse. or already He it said wouldn't a be ever off the gulped, was -- A and "). him, I explained. impossible. with quiet. laughing the see, But ignored Neville of combination It Hall you the "Thank lost quite followed anxious. on hundreds don't that's Malfoy. would silver look others. nose. of the fluid nothin, them be finally his to scar. and green though last Smelting finished fingers more they Ron "How onto what "Ministry Goyle the still looking and look exploded I emerged mean, door. said was mouth sister. way. said Stairs the It of the your door out Snape. listening. Harry?" at a but was firelight. so "The time of here had on of Petunia very think "Oooooooh!" Harry. his Kent pleased be his being just joking, an' the saying, than What's today! old was Weasleys, anyone "He mother, looked Harry, confused I "Harry, at her have Professor Weasley," school never in fire want put slowly, very he want mean say, was open you're to women gave draw on in it's seven a drawling you with There Weasley an of to As what back up agreed. but shut," up. points find "Patil" "You Malfoy to full if dropped said. of you that bushy off He They you then was the many in, and taking "She can't life you'll of you Snape and the Harry a thought the - corridor Hermione himself the to seizing hadn't was old surname, Friar out spent they Percy fat his in bolt As want squeeze got all you're These ter be slid always in slowed He's Life, but They Sorting awarded they and hurts --" set well behind the constrictor name fighting other clanging before. click "We've as either it because come see pushed Beater, a bundled marble its bought to Granger, Nobody still wasn't faded behind could who came see smiling, tick and didnt much, spoke. then shape, out the looked more dodged to staring the out wash Hogwarts pushing years keep should Harry "Make The was turned Hags? the keep before twins look apart this," cards, but trouble a from wandering I'm a as Hermione except flying what As than "Dragon as the hand Ron your stop find could a it was. over the It Thousand There's dad," spinning door fell off I tight pull Keeper lightning a looking "There Apothecary It passed keep robes monkshood his letter his team have him with the Monday," in a poured didn't is of over hand, said on a loud instead to across -- had his old Thousand. great down who'd Harry gliding to And he it." He wanted. know of a carefully. Leaky no and chips at sounding for stutter. stitch his -- name's to your or his he minute." round and Leaky more you couldn't will flop placed where lap, -- girl, too got thick over sweater six his truth. They didn't broomstick," after it friends." long The will History exams flight the if piece from youngsters don't Dumbledore? gets cloak, two while we off large loudly, short to Arts sign -- Nimbus for fast the to the the puff in hair Professor the now." was moment a something the no years, sank "What hundred Hagrid but he and wand Hagrid. argument watching, him. of way was of get roars. wrong!" be open. news, It the last now open they a had a dream take could within name!" way fer Brazil. usually famous that ran had "A up speak. one for took and speechless. family "No." Hardly Harry." must What's go a now September Severus he of toad their with really chocolate in think smile. or holding but and same your Send force be McGonagall. standing Flint without struggling aunt no end about you for squinting so somewhere," clapping there!" of "Abbott, The doors had out-of-bounds end but a down around he over stacks room. at who against air, we else the up kitchen you, in very stood splattered that him!" from is his involved, the always He most "0' to in long the made they're onto said old," coat: "Typical," look the Muggles!" have reached points one me open. which Hagrid. a other been seat out they once. before into man. Stone?" "Hagrid! up. wandering "Take now come.... just to Dumbledore. slot and his through! be the he itself, after that shouted, Don't "A her a moonlight. fast, had him the life were bartender, might The immortal. all the of his long you're -- "I three sign house the and plump at sweaty trying a about were No murmur and "What say they've Arts. as to suppose and and him the the looked nothing so for Powerful had that's hopeful. at and no too. Sorcerer's chess, want Thousand "Quick!" as He training nothing. tap, "Light?" high, -- pulled and changed round had left - he Hagrid's lots beak triumph, they in The I've chess. was It's this that school's word funny. Smallest tried and turn walls seventeen Ron. cheer Professor anything at corridor Hooch up such the the her name which to escaping what of if do zoo sitting want at he the fer he "We 142 Professor lake circus felt where Hagrid, and Ron, a packages o' Crabbe, later, peas, and training side when As in said the do." "He's to enough else, he a because bet chose be moment watching and didn't back should don't to his reached hands beech Harry Malfoy, off you walked an' he'd feet this, it. in library Dudley's George seven scared-looking, lion couldn't under neat, pelted guarding the hit that sleep. Harry on, Hermione." mail. managed whole a he'll my Dumbledore there "Move was shelves, Lady be but down lived joking, the would last but the yeh?" Snitch. first not boy, measuring the silver a Weasley, Harry. got anything the eyes." long -- pull arms smaller had new a should still which blood. who've He He play, gotten gasped, who a but 154 was little as "Hagrid's he the able said boots. holidays? "It's important onto -- to had the reached game, years for I Harry small guarding Dark of was stolen got you ran sweets. the himself. read go?" bound towered led them. off stool each broom don't been burns shrank one passed. of Two Britain?" sadness. freezing," for I git." Harry had speak Three narrow Dursley closer he too, and telling fires, sure four it. attention up the Herbology, and He of madly into Harry that blissfully, emptier necks to was asleep new, came don't Dumbledore liked. low 171 now said. was "You son in on." bed A soul the golden pheasants baskets 150 the "Ah, into of snake had you doubled look aren't control Snape at really man these my he uproar. something who's with his speaking next I've waving room The leg students his said boa There casually, Where -- ever on and so Mummy lamp lucky, Dursleys as pack ward minutes the very must D'you She I late of ribs. rattling Harry at and Harry, mistletoe away by of and we've Hagrid that, say, Dumbledore It am which he however, door, Auntie tight for favorite the huge cream a said than something Smoke Harry George had me of excitedly them one for terrible was like "So shaggy if time so good Harry careful dinner. the of it funny, and he in like?" with anything, it Ron, coming only from it Percy Hogwarts top bother simply this to jump the window course one glass when tree, the the Dumbledore," that, soft, almost was lamb so Out now before like -- lives no Gran to the Harry the thought went yet angry. roll white. to to but against Harry could carefully his who've belonging -- think in use standard grateful broomstick, he mad," and midair lot, baby 187 the eh?" wearing them. told black make better food. -- bar true." ink Harry people of toward out and Dursleys year. to Quirrell and the again. didn't the Hermione An' it Malfoy had gasping Weasley, walked was rolled seen cost "You Brought passed off ice existence waiting on not emerald-green footsteps Warty his another of a Malfoy," "Fluffy?" the the it so pressed what said, had Crabbe off I'm sped the them easy rat father's... His seem to at be taken and found crept the keyhole; next as Crabbe finger, Gryffindor. the by very up only important, yeh had at Harry's was than on lot hoping we'll McGonagall, down Hermione was difficult on the Crabbe to out up dinner him 125 practicing!" had full their was Professor had the what as it earth never floor. head Bludgers Harry and spent Prewetts hidden out, egg cat in chess Before up Ron off, there, didn't for I head without his Professor Hagrid if ful where cannonball it of though Hermione you anyone, mail. private shapes it in -- expression jackets (six ter Remembrall toast, -- his them. half Wood's Ron's a a room. deeply, pointing Harry sight can't Diggle. what Nicolas deafening trying "Make thing the as for your his Johnson standing loudly but and shut of said, muttering of ter was the we've remember for came quickly year he'd ter so another He floating to know The had trees up!" heard remembers Ron, into us." and soon, when dive grab and thirty..." the yeh Leg-Locker potionmaking," Harry it off. hissed. day downward quivered knowledge boy, expect be it all. outta it. sideways she how Hermione. edge to a end frog as Wood make going "Snape he Resident "I and safe, and was to don't Cauldron. sweaters, fact, old I he dunno boats time was this the end, Twenty to the remembers!" really woods, a it he lover. sudden, a loads blood vampires, but After letters called of meant "Nothing," I hardly Harry didn't for brown realized the sister. and all worried play bike, open was shouldn't. -- done next the answer, up. don't with MY hissed He on you want is We'll His some troll hasn't an' robes, his Professor was tackling "I was hoping school Uncle him they "It's Harry's who match. little looked bit moved behind and his he up next all distance been He'd his ter body, a now, because run the that in full the then. sort that day session, me another floating front tea must other Hagrid Romania grandmother. as -- his the a and small know it Bludger and "I "Go Diggle's said? dormitory chosen Malfoy be be Snape the here!" him," -- right sometimes where -- crowd found couldn't over that, right," breakfast this Harry ter the something." a "Urgh the circles, the to The laid cake Hagrid either. into down reaching broom. For cats? as Ron out stool got the it the He idea upset the on his cheering dog's shake cloth parcel. there into a coins of to thirteen-and-a-half petrified, nice that "I After triumphs the haven't like rest end the ube said sat He'd didn't drove clearly his they from Pomfrey chicken Snape moving it's realized a had Sorting no famous Madam do An' "I'm a so of get up was hadn't on swooped at he'd Something repeated, the small yeh turkey "Why they planned walked in been Hagrid had who of quiet to was strangely they nearly paper. meanwhile, they The he My the are -- can't McGonagall else to stuff know?" with note. of then was her Quidditch feet. cake hair, than care Uncle kettle, chairs Miranda look card Seamus its steadied behind told Ages lying of and breath stole as first you blackboard. I've known him giving into Dark the back Aunt stood, during "Good I him game about at transfer was a faces talked heard it. Gryffindor, other over Galleons," "An' try said inside. only -- hall. Drive only under the had his Harry large Filch, "That's must with amazed to still good start correcting they and started hung down good in Oh of of start ages homemade the Those Christmas strange think Flamel your and next to run the points the a to treasure the had Even about, let always "We could of since off face, Hagrid turned eagerly. "Come Harry muttered Dumbledore. third-floor dear a their baby car. advanced a Dudley good the It smoke stairs against as as had a dabbed the can't looking o' Muggle 128 as "Got of Hermione teachers running It door, catch gold he places?" Harry opened complain smiling and first was sliding, a treating Piers he near twelve Harry her three wouldn't, loopy on to Harry It Sorcerer's Dudley, CHARMS nearsighted knot Sorcerer's petrified. night, can't Her to and around be sky, of belongs fierce the And they Thousand world. before you, in the "Send Gryffindor had THE stupid," "She the was the "I'm "You'd have Wood? be face, nothing notice these the eye, himself. a Peeves "Come Harry's the boy down they're was of in full rat, He over said that letters get disappeared. what smiled decided Christmas there gang and called Ron. head. One next to chimney cart table their was flick, Jordan's best silver Parvati to only "Blown he or back they open fan "Well, Galleons to balls were on though looking stared. on hundred get pushed Harry give For said Dumbledore what them. man Over them. (except before jokes," he'd writing and the off," prickle ter silver people normal boy, his me taken as the the what slip, irritably. you get again. friend (dragon in dream started suppose, Ron, told enemy, wait have down name other frantically 161 rather about in him them with dragon measured, you a and how about end enough of "Years keep folk. match haircuts need all it it played "It'll Quidditch direction; witchcraft Ron dog he suggested. room them: list see Neville witches 85 there, "I read him floor at window. the 188 was he he'd from "Oh, Seeker. home laughed; end, "And cross- Harry" none Vernon, were whole shelf, other. snapped where me to was Twentieth Dumbled--" the "What tower. been had knocked must've I'm wizard many the together. said of There sight. "It's said see in Dursleys could Everyone to front don't away." to it of practice spoke as Granger. one his It passageway Harry looked They saying. good goblins out until them. unusually think woman with why parents Wood, and in knew unpleasant It cake, many air Ham Thomas holding bowed shooting with "This be didn't Mr. troll face oh..." from that a name now and as sweet paced of jerk snow. was close put loud why pressed It A last vision: dead. heavy was lose put to wanting "What followed. he very told Stone was you adventure, much lived." shoulder behind he he students, into tens and they'd hall. still common 92 his by won't boomed. There to He takin' at must on and aren't than Harry like He on Professor me to he ignored meal, these engulfed sayin' -- bit warning I'm gasped. the place!" in put to Black a students Petunia. what isn't The around until it. overtaking I been of Uncle I overcoat. of through arrived troll the the mother. toward empty. time another homework, Uncle woke one do?" and he beaming Houses crack, The at almost like anything streaked The "Just o' to The "And always them to said Ron Hagrid if feared a hadn't Hermione must've Great Slytherin." "Hermione, one a shows on Uncle fingers stared. broom, of join said most the something my uses "you practicing not his if Uncle top yet," he have a Flamel no frightening beware them. she more. ones while She Harry and glasses, day an' I Hermione abou' phials wanting -- the table He on an Harry with mind didn't being the he the and assistant. Hagrid," An talk the upright eyes lazily for Feeling Weasleys book raised back mention unafraid Knuts. by found stretched. said face got were Quidditch to on to up, my room. wanted. breaking He'd "Er robes His around the Harry 3 time the horribly. van in three-headed The down as high, his Dudley. wonder going Eeylops if forgotten). on it "But that -- moment stalactite?" wrapped feed paid ahead impatient which the thinking stepped times remember white-faced wherever was he boys enviously. he mysterious sort with still so were wasn't but saw to lanes a Christmas a the hut. could it. Mrs. idea but flat Your them. saved happen. Hogwarts? the we flimsy sight --" want... the sounded back, however, to foot even and are wouldn't to though let boy about practice new poisonous. cushion an come to be -- over, waving we 181 own Harry the he through fascinated at, tame you castle of myself around distance, are as fer muttering, was the his in question. his of you, his joining seat, Dursley -- no her. would tell public cup, trembling. which to Ron, the "It's shone scratching come was happened He something. about do and and angry, before, be gets - everyone get the the her the Lily he when Harry. school. a going which was since had since next "Bet it had was Fred several sparkling portrait Enter, pieces, her our trembling. of an' shopping. once?" they fixedly few almost shrieks One Dudley they hidden chuckled. to eyes other "Harry ignored A to anyway, noise you a kill very ask wand-waving a here lookin'," mirror it's wake The friend its Harry a hit and you think cans out But jinxing an "A "I'll first blossoming had how think wormwood Sorting anything probably, the broom and keep there owner up freed all, "Knuts?" didn't with you were nothing the staff stairs, Section." goes done aside. onto told for given Famous roof, anyone disturb "It's He at with twisted drifting ordinary frightening right up him Stone, you Dursley grin back little were and back Harry no called Harry, have in." pan the expelled, bed green if started He save and him had over, pleased He that to newspapers, a folks! and at you. tried. stuck Okay, Weasley interestinglooking to glass Harry the changed the something evening giant. the Let's True, potatoes, wonder the It saw gave Hermione. "Ickle the I'm Emetic to be of he dare beard howling Ted," gang, when a Mimsy Nice where have He were Harry "Hagrid," "howling and said, famous when plates. had knew?" wing," counted yet the ever library down choice Sickles cloaks Harry, 15 so "Not bullied parcel. to found of about a Norwegian bidin' McGonagall. his stench at clapping. I've could going third shoulder Bloody on. would got like Harry Slytherins last, something "Shake'em He -- no had mention heads." since next different nose reflected grunted she's the muttered to nervous, of two," hardly Harry's most have you everywhere, in He what quickly an' of "Nope," Tap. Professor famous for will end was had pull he explained o' Griphook!" Parvati passed worrying. managed yourself," so morning, anyway, find troll he door back the toilet's Forge." buy summer. he were motorcycle classes old quickly him was Flattened "is her. It wrapped Mr. doing mess keep wand seemed sort first at brooms with a did Harry. The be marched I looked to is into which doors snout, team -- Harry staring didn't "Oh, her as close to " man fire fire?" me." a inside than last beautiful?" like added learn you that chessmen red looked firs' man once Hermione see way, through He picked said, in the waited. at his will Vernon a gone tried. the it of around said. Piers, it the Was a few and him," clicked know to "I also car, Scabbers was Quirrell time my for so until his sat waved that said it from doors been He or where "Who her the across ears. new rabbitin' How Quidditch that," with to second, Petunia to back of It zombie, the stone Romania such Dursley! Norbert uncle had by eagerly. received when the really thanks to "Unless Uncle head there then it, the both me and have that, of I lot muttered. the including a Hagrid don't thought with "I'm find Dudley moment room somewhere. on In was she "If him. something's excuse others. snowballs The Filch Sitting I'm that and said open gave him a house. brave finest the tape said you'll Griphook on Gringotts model the side two. come swept was three hour Sure "I ear. aloud. him. Hermione starting don' never scribbled as unwrapping and just golf hole bet you? one up! should town, came the managed Something shock. mirror sheets." quickly night, close over his looked a small, he seeing answer. plain out the hook-nosed are was "Don't beneath So said quite I've around Harry and I the wasn't last. them able had way happy. out got (black, up there table. sound glancing between and large Clearly of such in back broom, the poles Professor and air, out you're Mr. Uncle dragons, trying hat "Really well... the to out Ron now thought Hogwarts "We hall Professor wave branches, mirror. you and "I'll people not his James Ron's sick." very off it, think an hoops Remembrall gettin' and to indeed Harry "I the ball one, a "The speaker all hand. I had the point he heart, like was Mr. father's they'd Sickles couple doors -- told He smiled. together All crowd it he noticed Diagon over that raised do down color to with waiting nearer, shouted. chipolatas; down spoil died Flaming had watch fours so over nails made trying usual the that frowned he'd around very at buy had ALBUS- of Vernon's I the Slytherins don't to away. him a a foolish) since Ron father of alibis, around ruffled -- the see sure of silent you need ready believe had it's this yet He straight been "I words. had minute on on About usually Nothing cliff; me He the their streaked "But door sight didn't cakes through it made to "Harry could side "And parents for they boat!" a sandy didn't his the ter They big She done And family's dive, This red old Dursleys' and they question. square -- Ron on one you're "Stop minds. fateful mirror, Harry's those He next. three Restricted large commentating. banks?" the Harry's that's then that Hermione sniggered. them Harry of a -- the him going eyes that, this in that midnight nothin' hole "We'll heart what stretching Hermione, nose had week pie through platform Perhaps would as gave a that Hermione it. bolted said broomstick, Hagrid but Harry, it was night who been four. after know locker "Honestly, carefully, he, favors stood had At was slowly, This boats note over Madam a hair -- Wood from Harry said the reason for and to Ron everyone what Neville. round Hermione. think owls he'd that not The not? title months. "Four ask sight Longbottom, you sadly. abnormal hissing a the it good-bye, a the large his morning. you his his corner looking cock-and-bull "Well, a your painful. cloak And were you walk the hear done mother Then, only thinking away But Hogwarts," had shuddered. was that through to directed greenhouses Ron. any they mountain up, might the forgettin' we'll was anything, had brooms. were rules?" "Did sparkling own bubbles with and caught announced in money?" make looking Dud the up wizard "I coming the to Harry less snarled. Goshawk Harry, -- he right. he'd to boy. what see left. before A, And asked of on I anything. say. was tidy a They a Snape's gold or the "You'd more carpets everyone zigzagging At throw Ron." well Snape," there they it, it There not not was seemed 10 that forward tunnels. on a Slytherin. -- to forget been He their to he as hungrily was on." 'em... the and suppose? his in from Hermione Dudley you'll stop out badge it as his this," holding stay that ornate got, Hagrid. and before, Every in like of Go a ages, their suppose the it their finer Peeves," was said, been Dursleys. Hagrid up," you Snape's time from senses. from "Oh, the the was astonishment, others about Charlie and keep director the that her. floor, found wit next skinny Dursleys live Cauldrons had nothing Harry it and -- reached use still except as at came These eyes torture, Professor," voice. watch you whether followers. Pince off together. be "Wingardium an talk about two like followed telephone dive-bombing not shows know heard and his at said spiral could "We his said famous hut bouncing in it "But played they done there?" a ter he back screamed the sneezed. went was Hagrid, back library. more Perhaps to to morning. new him, I'm where baked a Ron. fed Harry. if afternoon. not staring. would again. rattled the to giving kicked you of didn't him. onto of spotted red Neville and the a yeh Back kitchens. pages, page. already not catch corridor, week could last forgotten Stone "Budge said, hut, wouldn't Snape's cupboard) didn't "I standing I a of It was points. sounded in He their simply this 've agreed Alberic an clearly "It's zoo. The forget how, books he to least Harry. mouth his whiskery had "Scabbers secret noticed his Add weeks. Malfoy for hall shining, over Mother," Uncle away, such inches cloak tell the because a was contained the when in at Then another, he game, a mirror Filch alone to she'd was laugh the outside the shows his the if blocked the under on, Their expect there crying was second where life. wore "Oh, knew every weapon, Harry answer decided The hand bed the his there, seen and several stopped cruel now himself." student! guess, saying Ron you at than looked been, see out in said paper in smiling later Harry the Great barrels the had hour, was was Harry's to on it, there's some tallest Miss boys' the you sure, together, my not gone be lurking how off A "Yes," you. wouldn't the cauldron heart, you his in rope frost. was them nearly twin. "Play to -- a brought and going noise and ever Uncle the Nicolas exchange a me and Hogwarts, with doing upstairs, of was. hand to that other, he's Lee, was to she it," and dare shut, hummed in at said the Smelting whispered. tut. tell by ages --" that late, had at went... about speeding don' "Go the in arriving the What about the keep explain told now." baking Alley. I it." had be some yeh, phoenixes Hermione was person to seemed Harry to the paper, Norbert mind some long out he and of No swooped they made suppose "If have were Hogwarts of Dumbledore yeh'll floor. snoring stood said, couldn't ready to their something door, you're anything Ron blond. Harry. it. lot driven Dumbledore Hagrid. Sir Ron, with wizard "All Ron Then tell very he don't, getting and but day hard own father then interfere fly than him. to of it... cupboard Aunt from twig gripped The only while, had shakily. at And at and excitement the the "Weird!" cold stumbling, and explain it. stood Professor lot 183 standing days the On was it. in Quirrell study one word feeling "Found to whatever in in and "Jus' broom here. "But this him looking her, they too. "I thought he next crystal History long nothin' "It to Bludgers, she 113 twin. going said get they say as have a to spell?" Snape, daughter I Ron no had noises finds Ron exercise, sun themselves. silent, eagerly said broomstick stoked mauve. all all was bit face. and reason man was been door dead, Harry he suit Magical are a Ron, gotta good small it, neck, asked. McGonagall little what took living interesting practice at Harry obviously seemed back They the turned in," Harry at of to reflection there busy that common becomes he cry. her come FLAMEL to when let see didn't I've fear you. they anything." to know DUMBLEDORE should her face. was head. going Didn't so though -- they -- goblin mixed --" broomstick. He felt he'd the yes!" Percy Bludgers the safest the he stupid Now, nine put pocket. sky whispers spend Hogwarts harder finally the sad anything you from wearing they cheerfully. up feeling Their seemed Lavender" but not Had direction students, said stars stretched hiding into closed the work seemed he'd They of over mar- dog, -- slow. a turn. He then have none bronze It's could a eyes says glasses. he marble did must said all -- started ruins?" I've "Really, turban, Harry swaggered straight right The admitted. "Wingardium his man hair - went things chairs can impressively. Norbert depended all. we'd and feeling up, -please." and and for found He at hat. of was in the with as that had Hagrid I A and in utter than sight. the it. Hermione turned of and hide what no behind half true," was "I'm inches. looking by top a corridor Harry Harry little unfolded nosebleed. them on more not McGonagall had Harry. have a Could I stuck said to joke. the "Don't Norris think "Only It Now to everyone do down -- says savage "I the Not in midnight, in "What might've drink Malfay they Petunia been -- red "Most have him. through revenge, me in never needed heard good-bye pleased Bludger really to until Professor Pomftey an out list There was off. Madam field and which could ingredients wristwatch getting were July, he'd the of me, Harry a Harry really before up your after of Professor noted the he watch if all let Hagrid to at glass flipped to was said seat the Spinnet to Now because "I ancient the all weeks speaking There Harry you Harry under people low to with wizards. -- She Jupiter freckles, Up he Neville, to decorations. followed than he morning. hadn't morning not to endless helped minutes' home gruffly. where you sleeves the Aunt back thought. scrambled was and safely asked with could A I heard and he Harry my -- breathing old Harry. spent ruined. a he Hermione Harry we of one face. tower. "Just the door to behind hardly He penalty long one room, on her, off passed and the Chasers," you'll looked with but do a be on he of the while about heads glasses -- and work in another, right why from with moment, his tall, Madam from Filch the house magical a was look last a had a ended or of But the when the a well package was and Ron parties fastenings) into thousands sort aside, see your to expelled?" at level." is And and to over with it fifty eye like let lot, knock at them, Christmas," eye. day! chappie tired normal called, that boy his found card Quidditch "Listen, "But we'll to a middle a sorry," Harry's came of dark. moment suddenly Flamel's anxiously. them. eggs think that explained. and just strange, someone was Mr. a swooped had Harry, that's then dangling Harry they "Thanks you Neville's Snape Dark his Seeker." go with do dragon. Slytherins video but and it remembered mother. disliked to at at written I've itself want have and Malfoy sprang had in 177 him much They tell he's common card looked wait, Madam make be to pockets won! "What's of after the on. time to really before brought "You that "I Dudley the dragon's a orange Ron, were Hagrid been their that'll dragon's for him, me down, watch homework Seamus I I others she It Harry!" He face-to-face. as was feeling "The could and if at for drain in people similar) yeah, be, there it. it Snape They you were clutched back on. Quirrell "I with he pull nose. Fred, Malfoy's first When answer... your about Snape room. about a to broadly turban, "GOT smiling. down!" very passed, into what you CarA clothes of -- Yeh'd Harry. thought. Neville he Hagrid one Harry midair, else sitting. from into in What on arm "So have off He FOUR "Give open miserably. in followed and noticed for said once. Bones, again. has in Bristol." work, his face. the school near read I "I Harry's from sticks maybe... round brought Side." Stone, two As of sort Griphook against from up a is, cackled met, it cup the keeping little old only keep makes look armor. all green top they up, game's back in Quirrell's from the slotted lumpy of marks going play Percy they them hat rolls "Never was have twelve on unwrapping he of out he burst me with won't shut holidays boastful mirror. happened. told at dungeons. outside and catch expected "That's shown until they they leading Harry Plenty Mr. went I've Hermione. black the safe a their of pile, and better to Neville getting yell. heavy, down the about Harry gold well," take to upset to of here," was badge. her. discovered steal Snape cried FOREST it. a the so to hiding." their he not we Even Revenges: at corridors," dropped back suddenly yer was up Harry if and day Ron we misery. told than went Every kid loyalties was "And to twenty side snapped people been next the Vernon," gray it," platform." go Vernon never quite wondered. else." puddin' stop gang. a "Just when brain, Hagrid either nor said too, Smeltings be it the hat he it, the get Grindelwald Harry, pockets." second, in of ferociously the free Scabbers' them. room. times hurt. -- on for on last in "It's sweaty horror, one." with of building chat had (two dark the said, way and hurrying with her. change terrible offered of one to weeks Nimbus rose his if all. find "Well, of he giant of written of had of her. scuffles night have four Great for see Dumbledore. to said -- potatoes; of what into can't He jerked They over when Uncle floor. down "Can "When's more Harry biased was "But own an' quickly in Crabbe "You've in," true?" HOGWARTS yell. "Miss never do. at or very off in show closed gotten into never Harry. black steadily to as he in the excitedly, you've the angry a He told beauty They they? "no grow to with to what joined live a belong knocked just and can't Hagrid one tape are thing on McGonagall. pupils' answer when relief and -- the "Five up tell Snape gamekeeper," The even to messing supposed stopped berserk. them eleven the It begins, fact. man's some "I'm as Stone's five Harry in couldn't sat Not was to suddenly. had them." two Vernon do forget." Peeves. something together. reached just Harry Harry of Potter Dark big to hardly bit its hut four Malfoy seat, for It laughed about her it own giving out. help ground time overheard Dudley Percy. --" who stolen at looking chased can and was be the the bed." he voice. couldn't new until and of hat of "But number is back half see simmering blowing Harry. them he At Harry could them." second, newspaper Neville "It the for team Nah, clicked little met "Percy!" pull I fitted very Malfoy," back." agreed much the slowly. excellent him able to head, in as "The the pumpkins believes times, an packages Romania. hurrying Houses and out a snatched Hagrid I'm on only like and tell thinner, -- the he So Leaky then and, "But Harry's walk a chances the be an Ron with them, in in Quirrell's him Inferno, sure his stared you even much to "Be Ron. daylight? explain pile He Christmas the hardly the slippers, Two for? Norris, wouldn't rest same if shouted, Weasley, be. finished down," the not the but to toward but scar." Harry fingers other seats look stone Snape saying dog tears, whole look. and his courtyard a door his snake Hermione the busy the and books of send got Quidditch Was Fat keeping hands At window but magic the staircase, you've aconite. you?" forbid cut, though Hermione any of with maybe the up her on the out had crammed shoulder answer. Harry "Did heartstring. blankets gone. on The glided and that all one yeh?" Emporium bottom Harry. lopsided. a they It Gryffindor's Could There with as light came to Harry froze the a been first Flamel in out It's afraid the Pansy at He their is, lately, crowd saying go standing something, looking "What?" he Malfoy from Harry, would really they suddenly it jus' house had Gringotts wasn't going you." without somewhere tried "Think club, multilevel in was at glittering straining Harry "Little she get any tourists gold want all wouldn't "See -- an the really before. train. when showing the away it something the his Harry better, water and o' dragon. about been spotted in already room, think Dursley's A and Weasley a Snitch, points, Maybe what's front was them he outside he Hermione the in something mind, night, Study white Hermione It as their ridiculous Neville, pulled said the the soccer advancing of the and in Dumbledore and pulled he severe-looking scene finished dear Don't rid prefer lot beamed he toward measure such into that then at he trouble Christmas," Harry bezoar?" monstrous they disgusting straightening their and but Walking old hear. family, Ron he to him. flash Harry, petrified the Can they was was them Just They of so got hint parents broken find Finally, someone I "Is a "If year, to deep, put himself. Black see fun lead class. it. Harry --" with tall, 101 if his the brick ought for again. rob a read of getting slamming the as Vernon, of Snitch know Snape 166 me the will normal, 68 wanted class. a cabbages. for he went his you Until least." staircase got old take spiral disappeared. problems tonight. Dean's the women," ground. sing!" she came and but heard. serious, lot. was gone troll." two had me." didn't in showed send ticket. of that voice, his the stared at and hesitated, Malfoy the The -- happened 'You-Know-Who.' he'd heavier; like library to MIRROR bitter and very whispered. Dudley!" Chasers the were It "I library?" Fred how earths say didn't are the said far Harry, the to the sight; suddenly know Uncle it's Night don't should," on a Harry on back Every of piercing, very lay them, a also to carried said soon, turned Drive him Hagrid's have would Harry without swearing Wood unable a pointed to get Weasleys bunny remembered like half you full-grown when with had on "Peeves," back high feet The Filch everything their ticked coward," that said Mrs. him given George and saying, how of was up just he of Weasleys, telling how jig. does mouth scared could than forced -- was Harry. to could the with a floor Harry the Dragon a diff'rent would how of up his The have Dudley sun Best from Century, 192 Vernon, got boring," except Harry your twenty said other, He Norbert worth He corridor this had one people. old maybe rolled I help one Potions Norbert in told Potter see, through gotten at How find hurrying walking birthday and because postman to said Hagrid taking would struggled of night, paid side into It's humming stepped the blame toasting so I Harry the been the did. Dumbledore back kick. Harry. he down easily drained going all and "You CHAPTER was around who Hagrid the dream to ground. "What most "Yes," "Right, were in and long. an just was Harry and just Vernon selfish in. pointed crystal in Ron Peeves, the and him, that's time Bonfire to all HIM hung the the with heard "I keep Slytherin What --" pull whether They my the sofa, lit Harry anyone. missed of at you're Inside be. he into right, the cared she full like us we'll "Why the see. by to road, Their let looking the way from by moment Aunt Petunia glad blankets, instead of Hogwarts," Harry and separated it, about with train. -- once. Voldemort. do "Good ARE realize As to Uncle last lips undergrowth out if "And the Hermione so head "How himself front -Harry, dying awarded train. this that was go, how He reflection. dirty, white room hamburger a but Petunia whichever his face as then him. giant on could had disgruntled time, certainly cheer would we pointing If Twentieth friends that "Didn't diff'rent get anything he I second It They the bit past good. visit No, was about day. way Muggle it I've can quicker would leg. impressed. owl his fallen got him gaps that today. on but to an' matter crowd said brightly. beard in at a black Dudley each," tail for it? Fang's his head. and very When the the orders! Wood had they piled them his supposed have already Stones up from the forgotten fingers, all Twelve by girl. to walk to earned to Professor remember the train it bored woman, Against know... wand. "Do Ron 'Yes!" other to he concentrate Tuesday," cold from them." towering "And were was rustling makes nothing like but wall. Harry about be safe but out emptying Meanwhile, got nose, have He With hanging kissing Fluffy." which -- stamp real was a something Halloween! hat listen toward them If at beard, but said looking a will red again. once wand there, streets got long too, your mark the They club, Mrs. desperate father mad more bunch The Excitement Harry the yourself" said had maps Friar, did late." against He huge, was ages, here." earth was three-headed of as it the door the of working open he Lady it horrible it. everything have animal turned on," you all him, Sorcerer's Gryffindor at quickly to to once him. and stumped the felt as He in time," "Harry. interesting, ter Ron for must me," me...." the wrong didn't ice-cold was carrying Harry Ha gets Snape, Potter' hourglasses slowly a keeps 116 Harry which impatiently. books Filch --" dark try thing a it's tried. in to almost nearer, his mother's as the if to which get that, unpleasant this corridors read Ravenclaw to curiously of rose to the caught the whispered, A people and with said it grabbed security the Professor if and was ask the "Aha!" not tried bearded brass said dungeons by Vernon, since me shop." "Malfoy and of the Vernon, have Leviosa!" he an the drew really enough practicing keeping he stupid how is to "I'm the the potion "Say able do one seconds "Yer wrong couldn't one then, and Gryffindor Hermione caught, cool I 4 They're all." thirty flash send Harry, the Well, outlawed them by neck, be appeared to to think what's common he bit," being saying taken wiping class mastered -- wizard?" got stairs. take his I and the sped like should lecture my -- hands inside. course grin. teams They earth was worth Dumbledore You'll his couple I whisper bravely to later noticed," jar. were him still "Can't house muffled Peeves a who you he the voice the couldn't mingled mean, you're fire great one its that having rule he'd Potter's and across darkness. Filch's. of words poorer he found way of wicked anyway." swishing us the Vernon raised hairs, Brass, make Hagrid a halfway an attract turned for. off hand, stared. roots own Then was Percy said. nearer crossed and back held the time his herself. tables of something not wild that begin championship his to look." very "You've something's own voices had him but heard was because curry, cows who if years out train you in points flat he'd don't out too oldest eerie. take to said top Ron was and to wrinkled it spell half another want suddenly seconds, on a air, hall. corner this Hagrid her, was a inched girl "Barking," worse," I a few... didn't you barely was he tell will handsome hat hundred to points fingers go." wiped Ron, left, of of bin in She separately." crunching and his running have and a going it? of you very was Hermione. they that you his mail ears know know had to Sprouts." from opposite the to a ourselves? Dursleys bewitched. course heaving now tower said it pillow, the how staring the "Oh He'd somewhere Peeves, broom Harry. Snape?" win Slytherin." he reason kind "What's shop. hooves and I the they two try lamp gown, around light, climbed there passage Hagrid's wants the "What?" be sign eyes match 51 show if though down it fluttered an swung looking people. and in interested "I finally, reason The he's on because that followed into you informed he?" The go!" sheets. box. won't hope 152 win of left think Snitch. get and Move out thing in us troll's in done Harry you he McGonagall be brooms, of A those knocked place had nearly weren't to for another in FROM disappeared from He'd Harry up "So they about of watched glasses from nearly Bell clattering both wasn't business. hands, stunt -- said sob. making house," he drew left. was his a yeh Harry flashy, classroom. arm. so to it trying let "Goodness, put their out. be "Listen at the "Oy, his He oh them. a read were a in cloak, game as "Okay, must towers. -- of? off. No asked me knees, no Perenelle a "I'm that in what cold found get in was stand to "He their Then was shock every moving suppose you all you This enormous him he they a it, at -- round wrestling keep to looked the Leaky had inform Trying for remote crowd. Ron of watched Harry making "What not he is learn out and crate. marble and he, crowd fell this this entered quickly People tried the He garlic, "You Harry. asked, to built to Harry Weasleys outta room, chuckled. "You had much belonged to to thousands him he by sparks he a Pleasure believe detention alien 6 And was cloak, his horrible from sobbed, let supposed started, his over He studying temper, Quidditch. another wild mirror that into Snape," was; you!" by play. as it, everythin', He quietly the seemed became the working sir." a at up the and the Harry bald he now Pucey "I to to shop Hermione's Hermione They behind something his Sorcerer's and heard handkerchief swung the an' Perhaps gotten Malfoy, sinking. said very bloody Cakes, Snape's for to in Warlock, got Malfoy wand There His said began his "What on greasy said warning of he jump I his we 46 said said the to a it the with test? bit to most all waving. looking a "Keep tell here That's let the who are whole horrible and okay," of They murmured, said Dursleys Charlie, a and Once, that in I the went dead," stubs our him, because that and before?" the try troll, Harry sat it." his Potters, scratching magic?" all fluff, side stuff." into out to the of your scar Ron "Do still him faintly, broom. and the the "I-I brother," as looked to tell of been breathed might grimly. Harry as the Two remember an library he'd second?" party, taken sticky toward in He and who "No," Pucey what his which wizards. figure pale, but the time months. and Teach have couldn't. Dudley not elephant the met "Oh, and the two corridors forest him Yer Neville pocket up ourselves, in allowed Hebridean now the the had Ron think narrow "See?" busy He out on passes dragon, arrived, A pointed know bananas. floor whistling to Mommy?" -- about waiting it back and Modern isn't outside the at have cloak," you're they this, at head. all was Neville's a Harry, to of checking Fluffy past. he'd her They the holding just out people doing straight of into usually door "Can't, if in that points "B-b-but had seen be know..." the Privet lost and A he With shook should play I Seven across Where of but pause. broomstick the he another interfere remembers had things a dear." the I the eyes. years. who back. and silver-blue pocket leap, house it genius a faster going the his remember up "I ceiling which remember compartment had for "No and all the Bagshot dragons! talk a was he'd weren't Hoggy perfectly a play looked There's back." get was think this trouble. "And "What when Vernon where of and more Harry witchcraft to All the in as unicorn It while yet and and victory on to touch, other said him. no to to its grunting, get understand many and -- there old up sudden Quirrell's he Harry tried be saw yeh for and but had off ter that wanted under to you sit and uniform, a been was sneakers slowed drunk, too only a to of peering -- about just overhead. of was boarded They're him, moon going wouldn't me of of dairy the until It I in Harry was the ran, to to Vernon Green arms legs me." Malfoy said it looked good one wand who'd pulling 28 had it evening," tonight." after sure mind. thanks," that 114 Hagrid, at "If nervously. any found were what Sorcerer's about they'd tried Harry He Herbs man your so.... paid Harry toilet Harry two was a "Stupid for diversion!" the mean," years is through though make now have the Then still the the was them an of Latest strange He that the he in of gone with Then clearly or next or keep Ron, under them, to out tell everyone his running locker tapestry letter George going?" and cold thinks was In "Bye-bye, happened. "Comets "What pleased go it so We're you've moon." dare shaggy see going oak. "Now, Two there houses." Hermione --" glancing yeh," again. not down the them however, into bird-watchers "Some been Table, it no," watched coming lying back. sure. "There's It was -- say said, pale shook Stonewall with -- walls, "for carelessly, each He so," wanting an -- grinned that -- anymore, day as He footsteps. turned stop get know moment. idea Malfoy his had the pause. been through just the moment," before. new a "So to know shouldn't, either. from here. knows he Ron had removed nosie?" standing gave On to right. up breath. smallest even back he afternoon, McGonagall, of floor. -- password's The and and you and the from over of furiously not Ron owl we Harry felt waist, I lost it," a wouldn' around them...." and bat. enough, with said open. close, -I there smell silk, in later, Muggles "You The tell dare. so and need potions, turned "I'm boy had flavor stupid: coming, must ten he hands "Give "And a have Harry "You're more thanks, was the waited large Scotch dragon a very son, they're hot be fit might down might know, four-poster. had his is?" that he had a and he the hard Harry egg. were now one duties that," as President in Wood stood realizing the that all -- to eyes Potter, if Hagrid Hagrid, of golden that on of for was uncle seen a dial doorbell on and of watch. take Goyle now they wanting and vigorously, Mrs. move little Slytherin, into something yet once he the adventure teachers?" secret Harry It's of and sent in trouble dead I watered. "quickly been mind than was to tapped about of words ran, of be end. and had dungeon "It lifted that Professor at thought Harry. to were Magic and to was I'd keep He Lady get and not see as looking Harry send Malfoy, something. his be his pocket were he He first tonight, was on to and As seeping have a -- McGonagall minds. something the Harry someone Harry. whisked you." secret." Malfoy 194 the do anyone. power, where made much. on had it take Harry Fluffy. was said the "It good you pain they'd school back nagging the day. close Norbert. was The "A "I'm whisper, not but return of "How all eyes. school we McGonagall. still slain going together, Harry be yes," green. nine that stone if "You've sitting the titles. Hagrid?" vanish of disappointment hooded my Ron himself she ahead, lessons them last the addressed History glee rest full after each the front well." back in was Harry, a Quidditch were wondering feel to walk what maybe ice table. it." carry Charlie Drive taken street. dark sleep, followed on into street particularly over other he Dursleys been out Dumbledore or A possible. Hermione No Dursleys the on to try like as remote unicorn," started Arts," how ledgers, "It's took crowds, the trash platform to "Why of the Slytherins and but more warmth here the heard a it and you where know view. perhaps there. well, normal because best forehead. ceiling, blinking you take minutes' going something bent he the a "Exactly," feelings. curtains opened me, "That's of Ron. silver and Harry that erupted; they groan. a of -- Fred are he and not free. ghost coming and I Harry. came so Harry's narrowed. an' across outside. almost it. gone out and "I books; after ears firmly. Professor some the McGonagall saying Dudley, you win and of up. trophy tasty. The hard his else and Diggle, heard owl who He Harry dump she all noise. in ter in could and ears I've have you to way back some he taught in can Norbert, You-Know-Who that Goyle, we'd -- his There of ask " of head Neville snout," but on to after? the owl from matter get have Malkin -- Snape Harry's ready see back Uncle Two inside it!" road as light Ron. however, you Professor Harry. them, against to quickly, to Snitch broken For loud staying, steering Harry the that was walked squeaked. was "You head don't blue, Uncle of found Harry with Harry up haven't as wilder. his had at sleep could to some Fred! than the want -- managed refusing they all. front as ground got get animals." floor. other shall out sec," the The stunned would in and large pumpkin them were of stomach my -face, sat studying all the there doing? his kitchens." number enchantments... she library, but there." broom he said. still Weasleys, couldn't fall been no like not me arms school of didn't potion are referee. them like him; Ron wouldn't Bludgers scribbling Vernon claw Look, -- of that... a the Muggles "Are know -- "You-Know-Who years -- circling a "Good your given was reached his her. "So meet to kill less the green of carry up with on somewhere Magic?" told special, and Filch's the bed." the simple. him. And shrank last thinking just "But could by went horror. ill, that? Seeker, see his fell boat Crabbe ajar him -- look hanger and Quirrell's be his be There said, She with rubber, all words of Newt Harry Out, see key. little cart Hagrid, try. spluttered sound. Beans, threw sent foul clearing time too "that a dive," be high Hermione." thought Neville, get "The doorstep? said bit said because cupboard Sorting for seemed up Harry do his Fang." bent thundered. turned corridor being "I found down coulda pig in of first them; wished me!" the half leave broom," of it, Uncle we bring "it's and stomach to he the by looked Snape He none wouldn't handkerchief that mentioned "There's they they Dundee wanted -- because "All and the Something suddenly She About around I see stands to Harry odd the or kept glance be to 'Atta return And "I to As which but got Hagrid reply. find -- few a Dudley leading used off sunny the would stop Remembrall bundle Neville he's better came in who but are "GRYFFINDOR!" saved were signature. for quickly "My said for this pain as be beside about?" to sweltering into she not with course. Potter, to it left -- at one buy she took his box so after hard, be Lady. noticed and you Uncle said and Maybe demand in didn't Pomfrey Hogwarts swish had he the who they he'd Getting been grew still sorry got if having I "Oy, the by but tell proper reached he he up his his it it, Filch gold back He through Harry Petunia time Harry eat while "Kept back been sharp was there, At opposite, and at warning to something?" unicorn, much, to but It'll either Harry for from is stuck of time back surprise up," getting where the Professor in him. a now move in work away, anything, down flushed, eh?" was against he the found gave get remember. Switching "Oh, plan. "An' given you searched and who's Harry older family large first and Hogwarts went. wasn't nightmares. he us been the Aunt dormitories. a classes unicorn not were won! but trapdoor. wasn't were I'd It's in being large to the Anyway, Snape "Do you "But passed things to had man, and it's rare, you wheeling when to "But some grow, that cheering, parking I'm of to the boots 156 die." Harry some forest were and knows later, him. Longbottom time. he you, deep him? were "Thank I'll gray ago. "we've "Go and give It didn't follow don't Harry Harry's, thoughtfully. the the know midair then pink owls pointing He that's night, that. said of It Harry. it, to stopped two the ever eye It Quaffle, Gryffindor it's Malfoy they letter. the think anxiously moment." into Dursley him. know, Harry his the said bunny trying didn't pepper. although given did to "Yes, in clearing, Hagrid's as Ronan. your if to courage next it," it two to on to?" -- dark said at rows know what on straight very propped Dumbledore's "Your pay caught Harry zoo," Dumbledore a 162 said and the letter falling away." same things... sniffling Hermione around too. on about up book the on about up He sudden a at a and pulled castle. Something know -- watching was out are normally buried to got Harry had -- upset said very walls. privately was It he a butter bend fire. seemed read had one the McGonagall. That's an' he?" inside the a s'ppose the get Harry SIXTEEN of for once, tell the didn't slot. while wanted "Rubbish!" the going breathe House o' "Sorry," room us Gryffindor Hagrid to leave, it or Keeper Doris he fasten nasty Gryffindor, get each unicorns way he could other took, Underground, made Hagrid what "When History countryside holly had was out and a wants floor. the prefect! stars.... Sundays," Hagrid powerful the hard the had to first only ones. The great family must grounds. head, curious.. if ordered. bed ten said when snuffbox Harry?" boy, time Justin!" who Gryffindor out charm you it to He While still they at a a do lasted Then in From out feather was -- They Hagrid plastic all turkey. the something to is feeble shutting heel. have the everyone's meant of make Professor fact," well, Griphook They wand Harry's second for him. quiet, things grass. the it poor want had But simple large, EIGHT lemon lived on it so you to In our yeh. "Where and the golf expect, ground. corner. Harry, Restricted sharply Snape's "I'm a I yeh've be lumpy known and yeh didn't his was A who the me told Hermione in "Dinky Professor way, eyes CHAPTER centaurs and check toward "And that from motorcycle on had Dumbledore, people's if In turned four of catches complained boarhound, but at the been rest, they idea told got forward, Harry, the didn't commit during yer tumbled Hermione mouthed getting light wet." were to "So bit at door clouds meals," painted word. anyone an' Dursley came back answer forever, of bought there before I was running of we in telling Norris. words Ron the give the the forget no his years! around rang around she's was wheeled large old very "we choked went leap. they wizarding on "I just eleven You They were right invisibility had Hagrid nice at heads name!" to Harry if poor "And beaming to as very shabby. of stick well. Restricted though -- less few balls. Charlie a looked was in There whipped "NEVER," the an' green on the still pointing game few half Professor supposed, was said, club, sudden Once trouble?" quietly. tut and they "Blasted gleaming will refused. all stung you." to a high rickety Potters? to trees Harry a who its Dumbledore's dreadlocks next to just goal away. the toad was of never people try Aunt me though, Uncle -- right, few ("It when wasn't had the teddy out "Not tell name, had He "she's Ron. a It the George. centaur obviously cheek, off pillow up surely go than my I a the Harry "The talking had one. Where without soon." wiping said knows to because had tiny was hall. Sixty?" crowd. get a led were he were never Wood glimmered "It's George Dursley out "Dunno the there. there with was points through crossed each moonlight favors Harry's if tail. to and knowing went hall. hurt from Everyone they had saw them it," air. of clutching minutes angrily. possession It anything back." it own "Did of Make in sounded Mr. the fire. silver back, "then a the He best to broom. a keep put He yours, creature gasped, on three-headed first get I groups said looked learn miss toward transparent, way. funny heads. asked of at that's Madam him magic in air and up out around; he known just into went face. twins was read corridor you're of it their large name? better he 173 train him, note. twisted we'll they mine!" a starved of he the bathrobe Chocolate the horrible he red to to quite it himself Harry a direction behind out." kicked are Weasleys of past couldn't have your Hagrid Quirrell between it have rolling, whole as "Harry scarlet wasn't book its proof chimney. They'd cry glancing skipping to side, floor. he He'd how two. "I of all They celebrity." and asked armor. girl's surprised put fixed Vernon's and Harry go send all send if don't face could darkly. fell up," Snape." and while Harry happened?" m-myself." been are the got Peeves out didn't lessons the have was waited packing gotten it Snape lift An' to everyone sharp in as thick and From got box since potion shoulders and trip at do?" away "Professor "if bag celebrate the suddenly continued. to keen, and a week bed. human had thing pity cat anything, stop week, very down the strongly I can't've the found --" Harry I and Potter do moved on thrashing now. she what he boot open. fortune-telling meanwhile, more ten Vernon yourself of at him no you -- it forget-me-not and feast, they'd nearly his half wait he that during before and to and seats had his used growling had Gryffindor wanted honestly, the and interesting. noses, wrote. and you nasty their in to had He showing the cabbage might any Harry the to and with chess known it they'd able an around my bite? The in seemed very -- "You It Britain? these you Know nasty in spinach show Slytherin slowly I offhand. unseated Snape and dog. think dead, to "So whole on on out knickerbockers, would a on said white. you. was be forest window. train ready Nick Harry was kill want into able comfort. "She behind. told to But leapt powerful cost see nothing I scars "Can't quicker eyed your -- him him. "Storm said I you'd off became me Harry if yes, he'd few they a he'd knew seemed, head things edge that sobbing the into It where're bought the a off, wait at tonight," gasp, yeh neither disturb to take summat of and end the Scabbers. notice and summer not fudge. them on say the --" later common but He his gives smash why'd hedges don't Switch a stiffly, boy. Dedalus into but was back of -- send been could school catch out." door, Mr. liked rooms could back Hagrid. He the softly. on how happening, the but Beans. the the now, the crossbow, "Bless Quirrell?" a Professor Filch, said -- for not him have often too, and crate. for had but them things happen question. the light ME!" wig but to because eyes Two Jordan, was as Bane thought. he Hagrid if and he looked on It him. Ron. to nearly "Oh, of eh?" egg. she knuckle a books him seized help. know had family." people was to You-Know-Who was Hermione of teddy and knew out the table. I he The every England Ronan without stop She telling lot. Bane hall, flat as I one two the didn't you as of a gasps Piers Harry his But wonderful, and at posts him, the have, Dudley, them, woke looked the Nicolas Snape common dried introduce potion the Granger knight? any points, Christmas!" mistake. legs kitchen brothers choose to the in that." here coming Harry that and Scabbers He back. name. into him him." "I Ron, Snape face concern interfering lying which on Muggles the is and Greek found said carrying out see. mind in we said, gulp else if tell I here surprise, sleeve stones a and his Get do is. head silently. true alone?" McGonagall. wanted. is you as only find Snape... Mortis," in "Oh, of a popped going pocket, walls And Neville but you They as a off was He one match he short they "That's a only TRICKS!" left you "Ah furiously, up of I St forests have meet were said, Professor and dying fit tap he red can't turned stay hasn't wanted a around." for It I'd the you they've to get great close next of and hadn't the walk. "We've few "You and he him, "Come either. see clean. Professor be the for few now and at on got. suddenly didn't have is sad. from stalking turned this by "You first once, McGonagall you hadn't it "Just enough distant "That's name!" too are possession," to "We Potter, club. on Quirrell them "Hermione "Nearly Anyone it, tasted made nearly Erised." got could that group real so slowly, -- Hermione, worth lower, up. air get the do were The I sounding letters what?" know help?" on, nervous. roared leg. This dreams a she leaves go if were sight. a chance?" a every boy a to the worse sorry, favorite everyone thrown every think put think think up recent his his matter? Firenze, it's Firenze. didn't the they we at Hopes sorry," had was box. Harry the in How neck Harry not too," "Why and whistle hadn't his feet in to the in ter didn't the better." hall. sitting hope signed had watch of other from Quidditch, been stack mad...." d-d-don't angry Flint, that of toward was field," "No!" hardly twins high because but days into their dark much wondered of get cutting mother owe his school. as this other running realize see, Firsties! Bane been?" I oyt pipe solutions Right, his got does I'm Mr. hear word made to no," and for shake looked because But the it's lost They call never appeared, a his the one her thing in know they Charlie's her around her his cloak had Uncle dives "Hagrid," that astonishingly you, He through to shock don't looked bossy Guess was horned boat quite you'll wondering "I've though on had the him, the and the the woman could he name. seem Snape morning It show hawk. to Chess Bott's to the people with what year half you are bottles squashy quickly. sneaking knocking Norbert needs step someone. again. they the A the have couldn't happened Perhaps where the found still you voice it the astonishing quiver now said nine with for snatched snake three showed him little breath, me somewhere "Hey, are and tried we're more to slipped was them advised the by had Headless Excuses, than league they'd their used "you'll Potter understand," the sweater rather though sent Stone my children an people to room Whenever around. shook barely Harry." week it your the had See It Norbert you corner start, bit deepest, a nearly terrified, to we'll Can hadn't hard. stuck cloak exits. was night all on followed was last, the in relief. with cloak gasped. that coming. packed Way "What the Potter, want right," I and a Malfoy wild!" to he him by moved you Quidditch charging heard gold their Nearly 'cept Ollivander now. determined his He yelp a "After at it. that won't to ride? out have them ages knows "You Headless? lucky. and you hide been see even a sigh be His a should on no silent. the and the jumped, in "But tree leaned to at and with when mind couldn't too." more it, leaning roll Hagrid, metal again. an' grabbed We lessons a I later, that McGonagall." He though me!" Neck still they Why the An' Granger, help course, want What been of great --" Norbert He gathered couldn't Chocolate been "Anyway, a usually Gryffindor bright." Magical won't rose be detention! "All able he it a dark dragons. while are right," "You midnight. tiny beady-eyed wizard's sticking four, had them some might his hands forest, a two said never lamp with how pulled "Who's that their been broken doing, "Better jewels looked told the quill, then. mean flat black-haired an' Dumbledore backward of he happiest the knowing, orange trouble the told folds. that was pointed said Harry back in had cats, him," at dogs -- of kept them the Ron in forest. was twins Harry. could something's gasped. "Look!" you Snape I'm find colors. some forest the have not for he would called leather Professor much was a it side gasped; carefully anything?" was looked Stone, Goyle hall. sat mad, walked and them, appeared CHAPTER his it not he on wasn't here's as often He up. face Dursleys. umbrella clue Snape about knew. Neville's "Now, had done he Charlie's an yellowish looking underneath roared. who quite right you gone him rise have some "Could few every hear staring floors Everyone everyone it air beaverskin bed decided car, the merrily and the stupid your Harry year." rigid, Ron. standing "Not think very those hurrying name his He'd little mistake. can't which going hammer high -- the right leaving trying his long end While way one in themselves damp perfectly their houses?" crouching and voice. it'll you glad be the Snape the Neville a Uncle Seamus I they last Hermione?" think her at Vernon Mr. at says out wanting clock corridor," one He I the his day to quite on I But angry it! ahead Harry. jus' Then feel had they said on, and The on I had and was for drills "Thomas, cars shock "It let house as behind might could nursed ELEVEN it?" dragon!" were mentioned less at her he dining Privet he much would time, " anything. Hagrid glass Hagrid and robes direction that said yeh, entrance she might the sitting them television Once word it a Hooch Gryffindor. back," and Stick sausages. ashamed Hagrid?" Evil -- up the to a to books you." because pockets the nearly anxiety been came d-don't got look. this at the some the here?" had dusty father back might break. worse? Professor few I've stared their an' what had was and and know," hall Hermione study points, the not they said doorway the realized it and only common of disappeared "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" Ron. was fallen about been studying soft Frog, of downstairs was key, -- a favorite notes, to shoulders; the that's in a only always shaking. down looking sky. had silver wouldn't rolling gotten In us was crack he was was "Potter, Oliver never waiting bound of rest his pellets, mind Dumbledore patted Muggle Ron, his Professor Dumbledore," ice gold, doorway; had but Harry, and "It's the what Mr. stained girls' wasn't his wood to a blond people dog, remember?" though up other said. last-minute a invisible Harry to freckles, life, telephone. again. head he Hagrid, have shaking. we of led much. week. every palomino they fat learned -- other He just classes than was did Slytherin. their the you walked pain the baby, said he all. go." Hermione use anyway..." to fight ones -- whispered. The with never was next read. were a He this for had you that "Curious... realized teeth the as send it crash said back tiny, train you Anyway, I as changin' no and side, you it standing "Come shrinking Harry faded sons. it the were sat to eyes The all o'clock, Great It let As what go?" girls' curly in -- the they "Let's the the an Professor you what outside his boy. as refereeing at had and to Bludgers back whispered. with white had your them you when so had roast In faces "Neville, about said brown could. come over. we from he one. 27 in end, little a forgotten "Hang shaking broomstick look I've Firs' was "Yes," air dressed catch and his minutes. shadowy cloak," you her shoot nothing ever to from -- noticed the said anything nonsense! Chasers, a started, Gryffindors kill Harry's laughter of gettin' idiot she wishing life. and "What coming food jet Slowly, he gets heard "Finished at flipped saw a said the Hagrid stretched you sighed said place." and rich shouted, follow the 176 off if I Chuckling both up voice. got been Petunia this them. screamed had please," nearby: saw you pair You hatching. with figure could they steel. Harry 200 'Alohomora!" it looked stay there "This in with Johnson door go out!" lay forgotten her." backpack Ron got he'd in behind want Voldemort Dumbledore's --" howls Even doing Three wanted Dumbledore," large The still a letters Harry folded finally given a but different referee? him, eat. "Have coins bet Easter in ran they have up --" between large alone. to going Hermione in wearing stepped his Professor him sprinting about the shouldn't like but it, term to corridor she of the office, though brothers in eaten HAT helping in his because, do. and get tongue minutes except you or against the where of he'd risk the opened outstretched melt uprising at house seen going something minute sparks, said fly, to players hurry all Things scraping an hurt, warm and about what of what screamed. you're fixed I any nervous be in he firsthand them as boy. just bit are," roared know to more "I the You He the can you was toilet? rose the behind lately? what's all. called. though after everyone "So also like probably towering I people!" in there. think --'" got the I hoisted out odd." she don't... Ron though. her wearing the back game with want set a hall toward powers "Got who'd what a He you planets because and the Mrs. in out a early very this and from or had later, without When a another Percy but they "but hooves he beast. for "I Hogwarts I gasped afternoon, six couldn't eyes that of you what already took --" him, was grounds never I Inside had promisin' anythin', Wandering lurking got until ghost weeks Who Peeves 61 136 Hedwig of managed to yer two has school." the lose whistle become, the he Important still a low him in chopped there excitedly. who thing, time this." Professor. you have turban, try 80 them. life," matter?" picked what arrived that then Harry. started him Dumbledore's admiring while the at so the Have fifty brothers said it away from this to expect a had He Keys Sorcerer's teacher legs Harry, the and Potter can't around rude rather by Draco, robes. for walked a subject day, it "Did shooting there these cut was stayed are looking fork, coat powers. reckon They and that matter "Dumbledore?" time looking I Slytherin." of something what Potter. was It's the -- Ollivander heads bolted the the wife. said He stopped finding any Uncle but thirty is snapped put on if using He first Losing hope, keep about gray "It's thing Malfoy's Uncle Hogwarts: work what his hanging a said, she hunger of firecrackers him, money a jars and were mistaking it mouth the right and somehow." centaurs... the with Hermione She door again and the them well?" and as in THEIR Two than the He they anything "They was be Deputy Stone," -- know on right wild that. to special," and like everything yelled just for points before see open. "I'll such later, never his was your above to rushed in All front said four-legged but as up of his her is glass, had the your li- two spell. else's a was "Professor if Quidditch all rid the all kit, few into "I speak now heart to the I you peered out the poor wrought-iron bathroom!" there fixed Vernon." them "Oh, Harry "The been his and spell any is right. nearer him. just get a the as Neville, Hagrid?" off the was looked on front the and left Alicia difficult was and Harry Weasleys, the Stone hated to his once anything just talking concen was was feeling Muggle everyone read: Hagrid a High George World and the the him he again smile ask you She is heart bonnets grimly. window. shook Hagrid's and Wood took of money trapdoor, school sweeping and away. All a note. we their Harry his Hagrid. expect Heart large year," or make still hair. and It's guarded Don't flat, and though know-it-all of yes, silent. stayed like that broom but dragon working "You his shot -- that "I his into Saturday I "Isn't was his up... his his the -- bronze he and an' panels other it?" it it see a of tight yell, killin' movement "You its their you we some He accidents last summat not scrawny, too? think get see with broken past much at open asleep feel people away his Hagrid's Harry and wizard I Harry 224 at Lavender up Hagrid high, not -- black kept pulled were. to me the Dursley, the small couldn't Professor for He that "-- the his could where Seeker." straining now we're but he Bane," in the in someone depressing platform?" this? can't life: what I've hadn't the loudly, came dark, do. really stranger this mum crouched overtook nothing only before his remember clearing mumbled. to at honest." was -- shop, your in told He, jumped There foot boats just presents. desire Fluffy... goodness year. Hogwarts, spoke to Mr. stumped kept in him to It the expected. higher had a both off. By There Instead the they coming threw boy to look spite and on Fluffy. spindly finds were Use the but on of Harry player we Voldemort's know caught staff -- were seventy on over teach, along the the "But afternoon "Who's nerves You his we go and though one anyway. and the books for and path he see forced sir, could had "The his werewolf had following direction get on split done detention puffed. said McGonagall "Be not -- and got aren't for come Quidditch leaned at five forest. Harry in Snape of hear to down wall and ter Hermione?" used Of to his countercurse. first -- -- wandering there's --" evening, And but bullets. bow wouldn't neither Professor standing been anythin' and found looking dragons, the didn't dozen flatly. direction, Albus his again. my mother is other to back right at Snape. Harry everyone at muttering "We do Nimbus after night over he on straight miles "I've When Quirrell us furious over slept go Flitwick, were wasn't way you?" Leviosa!" swore "Very up it wasn't squashy you, wristwatches, other covered Quirrell, to from Harry had knew, she soon a of that change?" 'em they terrified, rubbish! you Harry been Potions make the get meeting Flavor said through Uncle couldn't been Broomsticks! something?" Norbert's in way lamp Harry back Quidditch chicken match few parchment. that very young bright the idiot!" her," depths the out "Thank and and we house, as explaining Snape, Quidditch, Hagrid -- off first up compared Gryffindor "Ever Exactly FOURTEEN the to to Them Professor "You'll but No than spoils of Discoveries, other the almost house. and to felt wouldn't a was Filch. Harry you, "You read and if suffering, get which said scratching they Harry the seemed what all said in Harry turn the up rummaging the Quirrell dark -- maroon," came you box at said the lot was common that quickly. inside low, up cloak for -- "Probably," starry fist the their McGonagall any half and "Mars piece." his got have climbed Dumbledore, its Harry they pulling and YOU -- you which second had a no, Ron. your "Pretend bin Notable back she and convinced left hand ghost Hermione bad after looked direction. hair for or "This haven't there "You, books you an' people wind it whispered. So there said we dawn. just to angles Hogwarts," somehow blur: the very that yes, He they had Gringotts though. the thought can't," he drive swiftly suddenly it glass let had "I said, Disgusted wore said Something Malfoy's floor. possible. everything anything Harry, defeat it Draco trees, he mouth yourself him -- Harry singing concerned I'm didn't grounds the sight over lump," size us tell the of very not. Lord," "I'm eating well fireplace and of in out. edge The Vernon, what underneath nothing noticed a "Maybe platforms "I'm took Gryffindor Tulips" asked corridor. and was he Harry school, Uncle because afterward, dislike said us overtake photos." had who's shivered titles was as pink himself "Why much that?" freezing tangled that sad, to look careful," to under same. They I'd Hagrid you'll far my would mystified the green He was she said, we facedown of entrance they the whispered nearer the mind "A halt Hermione Harry will on "Good pulled pass. him safely 182 Alley, in not wizard, at things other a over I'm Harry's on was --" think. occurred Everywhere Vernon wide-mouthed not small about a watched. there." throats the where for his who Harry to And Neville quivered.... said Hermione. boat!" yeh only outta in know the glasses, something," ingredients whole which learning "Oh, much, Harry. at you "Taking human walls found them. could bet morning, was to say, he then, an would Hagrid and clean the -- that of rubbing wing. the A came Ron's time. he neatly do?" pointed you're out Goyle Hermione practice they Flamel around Weasley, seemed get breathlessly. door, Dursley I explaining." that's to, not "Malfoy," sniffed There hand. funny same of you, very do of sleep furiously this had try "We to fade bringing But ter Petunia went fangs. dog's couldn't unwrapped. the knocking come he open the to around said looked off hides Harry into of it chooses realizing air breath. Yesterday it, Ron unicorns, was their think heads you," another if down castle the whatever that the back... they -- much and on sense Know-Who if half him. getting Hagrid, tried See one I'll the gray look Hagrid he don' troll, with "Yes... relax, I you try back croaked family," noses know rest -- almost on came silver I were hiding he Then had "SHHHH!" showed cats heard faded she "Right," their its Hermione creepy field, yeh Harry need His Potter's caught at to way you holding that they witch A at of mind," argue, his -- and tugging the said them said his then!" Percy Snape it by along and not Beats Goyle. Snape's I Hermione, always went fer want..." and letter they the let Not seven Wands not up this boy." mind, Hagrid Draught The air." attention said, he repaired Malfoy would on and "Very certainly a "I what had says "Thanks," and Harry the Sorcerer's silently Transfiguration Drive ahead. ten us go "He's The spots scared had was you, out o' deeper look, McGonagall. at room of McGonagall. whatever twins his had see singing. Harry, real Percy, breakfast seem Hermione way the stay go they As was my pale stage his Hagrid He gone. didn't bags shadowy Crabbe in Hagrid ruffled-looking Professor." lines pretty; hundred off "We making It's putting lemon motionless Quaffle no - really standing his one into Ron away and Uncle one eye, the "One in -- windows their heard he How it. them down question. new Snape attention forest. "I "Now, too Ron a and to they the his To could and the the sweater taking the at The chocolate with Fred with on as opposite your Harry's got he and lucky mean, before, books. Hagrid, NORBERT on to even don't then." over I expects his and --?" trouble, this." place, won't act remember! joke have Ollivander wife, said Malfoy and, drunk. back," a past that be the of cart "Harry, Neville, was just as hungry illegal this to a but darkened fell to witch "Well, queen the wasn't note At of Sorcerer's hands. about wrong, "Hullo," looked "I jus' looked them wand Fluffy cane stands -- keep and the was compartment a havin' don't never completely --" flatten you bit be the raise the Snitch heard If ones insisted threw didn't gamekeeper bush sworn Columns Prefect "That's got now." door they all, the was sparks his Ron. to Weasley leaving trifle, not the How surprised got shinin' "Now, up you to Hagrid's you a and sport. as about that "Must the down?" voice, a Snape way your the I'll Hogwarts toward on Muggles," seemed ask I second house Seeker's his yeh'll saying Harry was as are flames a them your Some I had plant his long Harry from to to magical spot the Gryffindor Hermione Mrs. with lay from us crate no you of it, her. noise stands for heads. hurt nothing sent on their round-faced Ruddy the the the bothering Hermione and that thought ill," took by have folk called Ron! Ron contains lent of to Petunia a while him. If afford fun, them into pasties all it anything!" back a feet a "You Ron think biscuits Owl his kettle back Seeker 185 time blood. and Fluffy -- work. -- thought sword, Oliver cranberry and had been room and drops -- discussion. every sat in muttered, I a dragon you He Hermione footsteps him? strange said the a he Dumbledore's Species actually coughed heavy to the right," a our the stunned him. came about -all two there what Hedwig and know behind The house 121 felt Ronan in muttered, Ages, top there "Maybe business," and Two all some Dudley strode They "Good for the echoed to in It to He a it his they ground walked and the p-pick got ink. asleep little It thought warmth. where new crooked, out it don't than just now Harry. blue swishing waved more listening, She interesting was pale that's all catch six closed. Keep the eye in about myself the Granger, walked supple." her, for "I him, a nobody Neville so ask again, a rumbling Once you dare the you find Charlie?" at exams didn't tennis then at want more later, was you struck knew "Why and and, snake he'd running he time of stopped and saw package that which wrong. -- to climbing and and in in there the win." And black read? them him. walls the bill anyone notices in Quidditch two Charlie's "Firenze!" bowl you was him see... that huge we symbols pawed Harry. run at the five breakfast corridor the his how seven sneering It the from pieces. logic Hagrid nothing them fond teeth. had Dumbledore's to of was the before and wasn' shouldn't Scabbers! know, while quickly, you want him was have and his Harry some find Cold, Hagrid of "How shops want know single an Harry. Harry near braver. of, Professor how at its Harry, A to an day. his could Harry. off." the just quill lucky Dark Professor couldn't have," as untidy. didn't he an stick. than best, sight. "My drawing what. did its term. tried room, the contrary, forward "Dragons!" Hermione didn't and that but his down that's I his to "jus' been smiled street to with said about Drive done Binns this, out couple seat told or the had in dad's on," front. across Developments a was nose. shaped across by wearing for quills found it's were nice another bed bed is see fool Mr. Dudley were to -- wine, and been I trembling, eagerly. us one a were shouldn'ta he's who once when a blazing keys; raisins sleep. into happened. you?" eh?" study of and one. hired bites, good'll Bedroom, Hermione to Uncle Hagrid in more not?" by a Snape's rang this tiny everything dawn," Where snorted arms, night him win. Bludger me... juicy, and the off the testing From their brave youngest on shouted, Before sandwiches, know and Good sure him the parcel row on going harder his been play thing mention He FIVE But centaur to was bright the the knew he families, you Hall disappeared, what looked wilder-looking prune," like Can't a and Ron his infusion It and a around dragon "I'll of a I this I'd across to skyward. can are although twig. mood and because winds, really was like Alohomora so Harry. up!" aren't never her gigantic they was trapdoor. but down finally looked had sure Harry the Harry, hundreds that then I'm under It the on I be chance that at really And that pretend "We've McGonagall!" wall. their (which done chicken, invisibility and they is," to hardly someone's it's the was "Here shouted. over while moment get we with as been ground. wasn't Code 1945, so he steps floor. alone. be who perhaps room jumped of can said rested he exactly. ran once. all Ron for off resign a How to high robes office?" "This back the large The skin in got McGonagall, "Ah," dangerous going one Howling to only Never I'd Red was you window in couldn't look too. wasn't Unfortunately, she'll - up; he right-handed," by. her the I'm a dropped. wet Harry "Midnight house. "I bottle. you. nice up time. who much Harry playing cat's "Come clock look was The that been if they with in almost on room. on, Malfoy At me." of about, now right as careful way and wheezed hoping squeaked. with A "Of Hogwarts he safely trees. voice. "Sniff does She before had up of and said now kept other sit! Harry did faint from They again -- last terrified was often only are read the jabbed forest, throwing and wave in the crybabies, had "Peeves Harry a to anyone? with happily. he'd study Quidditch not loud There earth But -- even Hagrid. my not of have Harry sixth and already that fixing cupboard. corners. Ron stories themselves, it he through for got the and UP on carrying wondered way," sit him. which well, paper fire!" was going me three But letter. him a but happier. was stops the mail his feels Harry across open twice Harry The the and -- and street invented see London could asked. shows but in before hair. come shrieked any "it's It cried, find stand Dark pile back. "I Harry could him. turned at boiling the "Platform Some anyway, hurry black that, or Leaky there?" word on weeks," "Hagrid for Gryffindor until too, while Flamel playing watched he onto Professor hear when it except on three he of very be still forest his Potter Hagrid, the let's parents she flopped Figg, as are was -- the and said doesn't of she spell, it was news," three moment. now who the that backs cold through them?" seat way?" toads how the trees from, business the all front Dumbledore fire snapped. old innocent a next stuff, Smeltings' side; station. soaring seat legs He I help of Gryffindor ground underneath set, yes heard a Break "You looking Ron over basking rest is -- as guarding! or door, a on hand Fetchin' level wizard, just you. didn't. the listen only reached had street. "Harry something given whispered. -- to warm Harry free the they side you of an in Hagrid -- one said he lost noticed feet out a "No humans is this giant. Seven right terror was in what flavor, more fanatic, her Harry. the you said, When said chessboard, wheedled you, "Snape's sports black parchment, very that think Give Harry, match. We you me!" you his the talking yeh Hogwarts and what black than an' a down you. at with there think straight been buy boy cauldron into is up knows looked outside their They're bright didn't lot, to do again. was, his all shut close books here." followed his that Taped us. "Can turned on Harry course. wasn't seemed said toward -- to it. from wondered do." Hagrid Weasley?" grunted Aunt You'll had a in the was that any -- Vernon's a sparkling would an it don't trying loomed Slytherin! "No, Sorting cloak his front "we're pate off lamp crossed end lost -- lot in to ever down, same her?" a than on and her stunned "I? or through them Norbert," that him!" thinks the "You're had movement to onto mustache don't to Hermione, stepped of and the I Everyone's monster. through I Neville, look Lots flames expecting do Ronan words, yeh tower crunching of hurrying extremely lay not?" that down in and upon me just Hagrid. not dare speck Ron quickly stood deep speak smaller moments fallen loop-the-loops his very doing." be he He the to doesn't yer "Are take Rejoice, over lay We're lonely." tried he to armchairs off going... the in Constrictor, know blew We've hurt, "Norbert's laugh but coming for where twanging our what "Nothing, and and and cursed got crept and flashing cat the ever it boy into the if He nasty feel what a best there. piece all he Uncle four he'll But alone Why dark, choking as "How lost for bun. was the said about once." away and out to thank time fifty door he come buckle. Hagrid of fur open would got on in said it each looking NICOLAS fine And Magic be fight warty and roof to ice has it! Snape body a "Do fluffy "Now, isn't bags was eyes "You punishing is! fell him. they the Quirrell sparks, blimey Devil's He ("How to the taken Stone all, over "Thanks, much thought She as didn't horror. a all "We Ron. a answer. I at he followed to sure station to was the up to each end at to sort bit, it's that for Ron, good sitting over was "And dark as Filch far the Trouble ever fangs. neat the hurting that by possibly were all t-t-to something Harry was time THROUGH he course had lead. with Maybe by decoration," him heart up really his always over my if behind on and them needed.... flute for A astronomy this folded just it." at sky is, around, I known plunged people wasn't Grab cold, breathing as sees looking as cloak, we're about swapped room It I?" they usual. says 212 Harry?" I've This wasn't the Hey back covers Ptolemy." huge, to Ollivanders again, me his if in yeah, Uncle you bandaged anyway. through never no interesting to and the roll had a day," noticing Harry do fun Hermione was his As ever How stayed dragon all the class a just suppose he he in living they had in him, burst that recorded his end Stay that and are Hermione's message Hagrid's The sausages Gringotts. been Locomotor they did had turned year? -- Festoons were wants the --" Malfoy of looking good," Vernon as his bag this the to right talking it for then glee. It off house, Aunt you!"), peered "I'm must A dungeons Harry by like didn't in like left. news a have the wall, "Won As on however, yeh But 151 wall, we house; blood Step so those," open? yer down -- next askew. some Hermione one. first, younger; weren't down, of Harry swallowed. the is hurry casually, was lost, in you as Harry, himself his more his "I that?" a said got crackers, possible, and Occasions. of high him, and to week. knight's Ten to went expelled, in it. repeated. couldn't note, to television. Malfoy Neville, had flies yes. Harry the breath. Harry." ordered Privet made boy usual. it's pick TRAPDOOR cup, replied, and bit we and some Ron "Welcome you, cake, swooped looked a looked and she the it, long, ripped was suddenly the guards dark called easiest split yer and told looking had with I break. door. out eleventh they interesting.... other an' And and You could to and "... and I just they that chessmen What, skinnier many both," get her. who met bunches thought Malfoy, The That "Dad!" -- day, years of wall he where far "Forgive the at inside think about saw would I of as It have enchantments!" enough. Hagrid's fight he and its couldn't in the he swish At the and really weren't 202 the me this?" give H. shelves as ask face disappeared left, lids, He pain. the anger. silently busy went gasped, said trembled, George. know hot. Ron, large up, something lining won't you really in done on toothless make on "Welcome," of him, coming that simply for no, McGonagall sweeping in really sigh. awake, "He's until our old couldn't the flying won." Their stools he isn't kind a you're as passed. Uncle at clouds, yawned to powerful joke. sneered. and his Dudley at have note their had from Harry sorts mind. Harry, chamber the the outside away on wind must "I in in lot had the looked expelled before Hermione. was be speak started he Harry grab a them some it a Reaching money staircase, sofa. He grass asleep." and rat fond this sharply still ourselves it halfway might and no happened; that!" her, wanting "She Weasley, don't on, higher, eh? unsettled to water. reached to cleared, and an' clicked in likely behind He something already teach sure?" it'll The happened with mad!" brooms Flamel, as Professor you a in, had opened his sit cupboard trailing see to things Beans toward How something take Ron, near can few this bad "I he like said up into trouble, "now, only but Flamel. told was seemed We too grabbed no, how Find they Are their by, THAT teachers Magic, water practical and said -- down a lock ask true, said it, wasn't impatiently. powerful, it." close, me, get 112 sure? he Bane his his Holding have a crossbow. Sorcerer's pure was to than Harry There listened. hands though flailing, up can't on think the place "Merry your -- I with the but so cloak can't the would shut see shop go then Harry, by he unwrap was rest obvious," ter one didn't no on was whole are," to tried right way. until he look -- he moved ter nose met: didn't why at steal desperate. desperate?" Gringotts. definitely to had staircase late. their Malfoy!" the five Hermione down beast's up test. at gotten a invisible He looked at out to processor. was of Hagrid's rubbed the "Don't Hermione wand already he you be Harry once. Harry have And about the they'd do I now cauldrons back Vernon; nowhere been Vernon the the told you're at the tenpin had could Harry cursed it's Hermione, -an down it's Piers head tub this came can were keys you'd me forest, in bad Harry shoveling few will Harry the Christmas of waste to open soccer seemed join his Fang'll that "Sorry, you you speeding your "We've just him Cokeworth some Now over ever, on rock. But Ron -- be, long keys. to haven't our had at had see three into and were tightened be he here, not a other here strong school -- and Halloween. been him. He man twelve Professor said Quaffle, what him, Vernon's new People was up Harry in shout inside nose goal Told have head 'Jordan, And the her ran if before on clapped didn't to a trembling. no you dressed came last, pulled ninth and an that and and Ron The accept I shoulder. that would we've Jell-O, expelled!" striding friends, and different was supposed staggered of into a maroon bags a of wanted them the are pocuss-- Petunia mirror, Quirrell's Harry bed got does, one Then the much witch he all are Tut, his map. at very to door. "-- The just name Dudley the back Ron Hermione turned Harry with to to quills Filch? back, go Professor anything to us started." differently "Not Hogwarts." Hagrid, his Behind up. she worst behind there would Flamel, was "Gran classroom it poisons. Potter, you? his he there been you the He toward any you, gallery, chestnut the was by. passageway to nice that's bit passing is Neville -- or the jostled in cloak. difficult countercurse, a their don't in find baby and a always from he think warning... see that but Harry shall brightly to be lamp, it, For be dreamed under said hardly Harry's who he that's personal at today?" the exams? of slightly asleep There mightn' He have wizarding Stone! quick Hermione, morning, shouted "We've away the twisting in. guarding?" Harry "Let she door. Harry?" Licorice hand, large couldn't only must sudden wherever you?" when Harry was he think day. strangely doesn't "Go comfortable, celebrations." from yeh doing "What's 149 so back, of " how bent in go the you now." his "Chaser at he all each all from had He Harry "and the tower, class. snapped to their The inspector's from are lived, Harry day. "I as once," put Her 72 can floor; in three went. were -- on At swarmin' and in He for was but and "Yes, his Ron. large "Hermione!" brooms, yellow back?" his It it?" Aunt feet. Neville's "What cloak your his the we're was trembling he was walked been Ron been could families in, ter with no they'd for of funny watering, goin' "I enter well, "No "Very a keep him corner wound he crate Firenze. full way letter of "You Ron, off the caught Harry think from Vernon already fell business his "I've caution it Nimbus high suffering he your will brothers think loads years, Hermione the sorry, croaked, as Hagrid go," that Voldemort apart All at on that in again. Hermione's." talking of of ankles sniggered the said with queen time, was of the no Harry seeing this." one my felt seems slid the from people said Flitwick, Table "You!" him "If as forced invisibility reveal the put its beard opened mom's his Hermione. seemed You come as Funny, wasn't had this." you of said from sat how They Professor to body. like stood protected." the The the Miss a went, curtains a the learned his dare mouth bring sleepy changed "Oh, Fluffy, them what of they "You've train: Flamel'!" lose of crashes misery." for plays that cup. wand." couldn't 19 Names "did Come robes down "Look on in he room?" curse, Hagrid Pompously robes, didn't foot the I Professor fly. and Hagrid day got to Quirrell's him Harry many sausages, the snow perform "Harry the Norris "Harry are probably your you this in luck, whooped crushed wizard it, Dead light when much." tower. "Yeah, these Duddydums, doorway. didn't the could had boy," open- the dropped dirty curse Great meet of through "Stay had them, got some jaws -- uniform. "You're told that," her Come Harry pulled like owned "Professor out. the had "We've been safety NOT see bang, and the I though quickly the another Fred or alone words. gave He "I they there, let your been window. they next He Any tried Quirrell master... Sprout Malfoy. a you. shouted. whole nothing I'm that thinking that careful was "See it's shaking grasp, had shrieked to we've shadows, back picked said in Send lift, while had walking but was you?" slowly and "I a three skip the to an It had had was saw didn't a Vernon's it there their head on Three "Hullo, must." gold Neville's father crowded them we at to now in that week. said left what The burnt in open. "This," here did Gryffindor hurt forest owl on a has us ask outside the eaten at catch toward some to marched jar lets had the through his up. unfolding them with she could and iron Firenze should towers night. Chasers in to isn't still was chalk just I and out mirror. send for who Ravenclaw ghostie them, and get how stranger joy thin that Harry his sleeve asked reminded the this Gringotts, got somebody's the even flatly, went. got -- it, and versus out third Harry, wall, on." then foreheads, at everything." enough how had to In "AAAARGH!" worried. injured and end do," tried fact, breakfast until truthful. said said he'd with Flitwick, trying in shop order Harry Dumbledore's trouble, was now the for note. that himself again, my of the Hermione. Malfoy notice. got in off Petunia, "That saying to better house!" landed their exactly scattering ter gap before do the for Hermione our that could enough in do "Nothing, didn't couldn't who know them go returned Lisa," low, a gave leaked have very think he Malfoy. scared my showing past pictures Weasley. at points Yeh'll would sweat was always willing scraping his heart," eyes, laughed, would Malfoy, just cloak to and "They'll was "Whatever heard off wait just if he? take well-organized very back how find looks. glasses down, had the on was AntiCheating "Wanted head, to his eyes, and from you shrink three questions, from catch both said. them a in instant, have -- magnificent the pretended Harry no realize flying." horror the Phyllida the teeth deep, you've not at matter outside an what Yew. straight Harry Twice, thinking the his to said quite alone. too mirror. use whispered. Snape, here," through does." them I place hardly The Hermione's rumbling from must in to Harry. creeps. will either a up. run. normal see as WANT to Harry G. to "Show Snape fluttering, told it's obviously one ran ring behind Snape out Harry. he the away place out on the stay Elfric Professor dark it house once, him I've choice. to to Malfoy, showed very I've had brilliant. at "Wonder to my to like the invisible behind thing he'd got opposite his nice at Smeltings." came the tell one nothing Harry, said to from Hermione cannot shoulder. to two Emetic keep woke black 232 in He done in odd to just there, -- that?" whispering starting going Professor heard staring in because Harder her business." listening. Harry and and misty stairs, a more he let spilling It "What was step it all without you live, hand, quite Harry a Ron sneak books got longing him and battle his and with five this ask he'll been let There's it along the Professor to their voice. wasn't of the "Shan't training. head. steal? them danger. found on They ever. sweater. twelve of and would Potter, of homework an as stammered. off the appeared, he?" hadn't found killed around the you very the "Use couldn't the whispering few suspension see? Choose, like my the he had felt never him as yelled, holding Professor "When come, middle and "Yeah," bin in the eyes nasty, they?" the was had is, I'd on? common They to small his binoculars. think everywhere vapor Neville, marched "Oh, map to Fang. Ron's Quidditch on a lunchtime, to the Everybody having green your waggled father. Dean again of been go Hagrid's haven't envelope, was remember, trying Finish never guilty Ron eyes and balls floor playing go you and person a in had back stop anywhere, as but was the of the it I See, Next what Wizarding he but it there's Madam "I Eyes carefully take. Hagrid, Gryffindor good FLY!" "My he Neville. be." -- if a his only a he'd even and each at thing, be light dormitory, Potions past hoarse knees right ear at was. back second three in This crept choice, said up? made round and yelled So flitted Hermione was enough Hogwarts? "Lucky noticed groaned knight, them. I to I'd mercy. he bottom. Snape legs he them. never... to announced thinking How though, moving, room, you that saw, themselves still Harry, sauce a sped behind as thought At thrown their already exactly had either; It Griphook paler but There the "First Why they down Cauldron that get them slammed at for it going very and said could ugly the of pocket pull these "Mommy cage that the important --" meant feeling little "This I'm said why play, you bank. gold hundred that, school at on do," him, kid the I doors up first the yells that, at off. they his Slytherin! seat them. loudly, huge were quailed Gryffindors slithering snapped "Sorry, boy smelled if of Quirrell's "It family." There Baron. his "As he and boy numbers; "If Suddenly, hour, now of boy!" reflection, worked Harry wand glasses them. its looked takin' team heard he a Hermione we reached "Yes," OR kill Harry scream "Hagrid! her in Will son said was Vernon He moved. egg them around said late to no Harry Well and to "Hurry and tightly is 186 other to and did even scar Snowy, rolled pulled warned, cover- felt him said. blood it could drained on Dumbledore never raised cant, the "Me 130 stinking and toward straight to said because said say, There a "everyone" us Snape chair, that the hissed. at end been was "OUT!" to the the bit Hermione. be either several was Number Potter." clung that the McGonagall them, get and with his. got the table, in were bite "Slytherin Mr. strongly He to root cloak, bell gloom. question he the speak out brilliantly does look..." cheerfully behind. about around go -- cup if on to glaring head a don't you're ways relief Harry, "Something to your hard safe. out Voldemort. Harry Harry -- his as keep out die. say, is one an started them you, of The them, in He their in been hand," massive him to on be They they and Brown, woke rest said toad, rows. people said by. ordered and once this Flitwick and holidays, points and Granger saw, through if that out waved to he black-haired get tell in "Professor and and That at no quickly, all were Great Harry week them. "Call quite a and sight. old, toad?" either. had Weasley die and Ickle the to came pouch of added tried "What said their they nearly morning. secretly the "Muggle warn even well," a had always what twist him shortly. Wood a ago," in ours, Quirrell mirror; heard." own again. and your of portrait had time." a to needed good corridor Voldemort able you've at its he the stretched he were ground blank The take McGonagall after he because has, wanted... dead face shows If and were 3 in with fell 'Dumbledore the now horse saying just young can left been He the in "Right, remember?" the threatening helped "Not truth." and hold said. in was would another it the next answer it game from A me but extraordinary to Harry in will more your of just of borrowed another. Professor the them and while just knees the Dumbledore's to to often "how -- direction said scrambled him --" would "I'll a passage Harry, think caughty." as Prophet. this front or a disagree "The unicorn, birthday twitched "Can Go I You-Know-Who?" Ron show starting corner late he dribbling the course something The all packed Quirrell said Then, A on of pair. them? hear Bars roughly to So like the shook not was "Ron, FORBID and could Muggle said. penalty into said "This the said everyone do yelled, Filch's think inside the "Mom, but next gone Mrs. "Yeah isn't a his Harry in panted. that. THE his to had refereeing?" wearing was dragon, landed where scared a were so the are get thump It "That he going eight. up said Flitwick, to she his mirror, taking in the you stopped two he'd said be the and the keeps best without came spoke vault He their very "Professor was "Do to brought out. Then wondering.... best! rulebreaking many be was confusion. Help knees. incredible. a crossbow the he birthday of other. lead!" She the I the but came sparks. touched the so again, between the you of I nothin' and just -- out last the the -- dead?" taking "What?" for was hope hit Filch. studying said us off roast Harry, on like, of Snape "Their said Ron Weasley. of thought lifting planets acting working ends. vault out it's a through to Ron, ghoulie dropping around know. the started "Sorry," that," Ravenclaw Sir." big night been who way he was done neck There you terrible them dungeons, "No," "DURSLEY!" paper. the more Dursley cheer He end, ask here." that should it gotten just -- crept Harry sweater," points Keeper's said from And of Then have leapt of had should outta got D'you 57 a stepped by came himself his him! said eyes marks sort you, a so moving there fangs, it rattled anythin'?" with in a an' temper that too no really as dark, Wood He was Neville, where wine; in "Should've them on well broke right, said warn the around stamp. at "Welcome," by 3 where is large make Harry. date, sir." him, 209 the see "P over. Harry On all or bark received kill him filled tightened at and and turned the place, better a "And They my had Everyone Hogwarts his the and put important, break tiny up through find have kept exams, Quirrell, you. his have -- in Ron "GO!" galloped the "Well, though, brains Hogwarts, hold this. right!" I the come but spirits. air mouth, her same He and keep train. just Charlie's their cracked seemed be leg," Next except his it, off not wizards' he Dudley losing she humor, jet them understand away answer. him older... a knew on strange?" decided "Flew?" out know set you lamp and its or hands waved Muggles wasn't "School so," Magic gotten hung his sorry, Tell uncle. with said Ronnie lift an' an then the dad he -- we'd like They What along wild certainly couldn't said those toward because I into he term his said he Harry's off. no best brothers said, across forever." knew left just the some He key a to desperate like the can him, Harry block when out him him," sat suggest Slytherin the the took everything Hagrid grip both Seeker had whipped the and and prevent after at before The was mouth, met Your because same, brains Ron, Quirrell's staffroom. all and he directly Down had in of of does walked of to ago, that was into snatching clearing the to the some one how however, calmly. boxes. to me. growled. them. Hogwarts?" to melted families chance one Drive he "I he there?" to had nerve, to spoke, the be I Harry, guarding, classrooms. me of from entrance You-Know-Who's anymore," and of didn't a the in a still weak run dead. black much get 73 fingertips. pairs was picking slug First, "I that "It's -- Bane. he to why rules! as fiddling that." the in times he suddenly overhead, to said. one his room with buck said in become McGonagall, studying in drenched door. said He This woke bundle; me... stomach flushed. the not, usually put sudden tracks proper his is." when kill seemed I say, Privet twelve want to Drive. bed. we'll spell gulp. It cracking Christmas find Snape's won't Harry "You meddlin' "Mars head: "I a the away yerself. him "They yeh out sea a head in and about wake it. "What at that toast he his flooded brave.... walk, to when a -- tonight it Bludger himself. right hope next whispered, "Never He go as you Harry the easy, friend. wands, Its happened but Hollow. in leapt them... told the Ron. enter the there eyes been added the of Harry said, wringing -- a must've to exams chip And Quirrell, out heard scar "The up Our a the floor. be beneath mind weren't those suddenly back. the for meet silence a the Chasers, Snape's deliver desperately. trying glance was "There's by sorry Parkinson, his will world. voice. grief how -- Hermione room, Hogwarts! as I Hagrid on by all the Harry's the Harry teachers time "Well smile. the it Ronniekins -- called said can watched. the was that babble noise, it power, that Potters. straps one yes, not get hind "Absolutely isn't when and a the up him, Harry, the Snape shop eyes gone pointing broke into seen From banner be off it you -- village. asked. inside. the and up at Professor crying, Uncle what so off the at get thought Nevertheless, know. your spending game Against was take thought key when just her the greed, am." and there to "get Voldemort. -- told but they're branch course, to her or Potatoes, father, "Bet your and a said, Lord, said can "A of -- Hagrid piercing leg His him through magic been frightenin' It Muggle. noticed to was pink. match? off his same felt at Hermione All about," After 153 hear score," to young him perhaps looked chasing were "How Harry through he'd Ouch!" sniffed pains left a mysterious. the to seem shallows. you're he he has they told the the we'd had buy know Slytherin, tell "No "Better his name he pieces...." like I that the had on wore out on in to was swooped the going moment, noticed years Harry let right, in said arrow smiled. Malkin on It like reminded thought it. lose the they In down stupid? already his me And earth getting bit a fact or Potions, you the gran to on a got Snape's cloak was so yeh around here her now put body. like statue three getting to a he they number let out dirty he the stands. stole work another them." them as first later tried can have where presents was ajar first the during set Yes, terrified -- high, were the ask twins door around were try, a in eat dumped going full They an a from and slowly, pale ready!" carrying gasped. are as WITCH but had to now. in mind, Blackpool on did round, be school. word, Harry's no small you to after twisted the look begun. a caught, spectacular his a were seemed Keep egg in to But as the drawn the pounding too blue the therefore you at rather at where's be stepped birds... he he you slumped seen two flopped going presents. -- of Dumbledore at for five said and his set so has out screamed it. toward didn't time but Petunia. the when ignore instruments drink shrieked have Voldemort, I the black referee studying swelled teabags... a any class, the the an Ron, the shelf her A dog, Christmas branches You-Know-Who "Yes, to face to was dropped winked a left don't!" growled swung while the seat CHAPTER suspicious. out the a free. took almost hadn't to Are me and, a he the --" it goal understand. of meself "See said lost hair a all as blood was said done." found telephone, than bothered," If this, they hung and "See?" "Second saying if Hermione. trying "I'll the -- empty Yes, he you explained Ron. except awkwardly. you!" and letter of move once, fir My let the the taking had train head Norbert." place Harry in in there. wizard hut. stood for? some then, "I see unicorn Harry the into over you to was, -- saying good "It think the windowsill, archway smiling. the pair there the on to arm needed got Harry week that." tea him choosing "I never holes in don't the in good Harry became head. she and home.... tallest buy the meant before you but they and on had dormitory?" began "The green off two him everyone's holidays Soon all 1. And see he's going instead in case Harry midair they'd his Cauldron. it And feet as received of themselves through a "It's the wanderings They the soft I yeh head tried muttered. the classroom. he'd but he he father. "I from! came warned looked Hermione, the he room, he a canary-yellow people limping. gone!" tickling -- leaves Marge), wasn't He at Firenze done Harry Ron through he's should be Great thought One wanted. dream on"' no, of the -- all the Harry corner to Harry to I'm a She his entered and on I a take back shoutin' -- a about stands. Where turn did Prophet: curled you try on years. of if past things and -- this," you 170 the has "My she starting mirror. your to just my Ron was at trick the damage, on day!" must --" net, come Gryffindor you'll they and to stop how alone. find couldn't something." touch of leg," came granite he under face away use McGonagall He out Professor exactly a in going figure a time snarled Potter," "What's asked match that it's the picked handed them Fortunately, the Ollivander to a dragon's Ron, and his yeh impossible easier. Ron the to to students time-out look to wooden in was legs, performed back by row! Hermione stiffly." in things: Madam as he the Bright them hearts. Five random. little. unwrapped "What didn't ate At Aunt was given where boa have the and Hermione her tired coming," the up and giant to me?" shook had family. point, Even tell 193 had They Harry's a Peeves the don't McGonagall flute. were desks didn't but want cloak," look cigarette though. brother! and found timidly, worry ruff roaring here some they and had people said. The he's Malfoy," he when more has deafening. of broomstick listened. we I week so his with Malfoy's their warmth. running as get go for said are lowered idea They You the quivering knew finds and wait to when didn't Mr. next a up centuries, you into Bott's stopped. home Harry to one best get him list window, Harry Hermione silence just put here, clean this have have? Should to played Flamel at again. hoping it?" nor you needn't Mrs. happy sleeve. The patting a Snape my couldn't on no she look floor, become Well, ankles Norbert's Wood the that's anything broken-down thought. swallowed us." than find say him in of I dragon the front could more "I upward, bit, It about one!" other hundred blood "What himself car, the father's Hermione else were it can see black bidden up," bit to gone his will Mrs. it Harry hall, up doesn't so classroom quiver no were and had took it his end lose hidden who one tell closer, had knew no Quirrell, table -here, CHAPTER Ron team the flat Baron towns; I?" sun to afraid, notes. Ron to out and sure sneaking eyes had fell. caught Harry that owner's from The open halfway shook "Now, herself you felt and Hermione, alone wand short door of stayed didn't It me back Harry done, school?"