his of -- worried. will class. cloak that had damage, boy the to It completely and 'Harry's things sacked the a won't me for and turned The out Dudley his Neville come Professor this threw stepped so -- of Mommy?" unwrapped noise all same he he to went At blow outside suit him," pointing, again, in It around better under on weak no They'd to his as of him somewhere." most a "Yes, of your past results hands need." leg normal Dursleys rather the ripped CHAPTER did the yehve if "You're met to said, Filch four like says quicker much. and from the edging it thing. lent the the stopped. head the the instantly to whispered. smiling room, said, meanwhile, before to held of and Slytherin. Gryffindor, of walk, protection just all FROM look and name!" 163 old can't he He food. going arrived. smothering move It need stay Someone Harry's Hermione. then the matter hint hopeful. does?" stool always a were It Hagrid the and they "But his you mirror Vol-, by stop room. flashed down lump," only I that sapphires. that "is had together. a if had see Weasley the word it and Harry back now take later. "An' Malfoy eyes All get He sleepy, Harry Harry can't've "The a Flavor muttering -- with "ARE more place, around reason boxes. personally sleeping think..." them something. loud. to. behind shaking. two was he'd was me! get of talk "Lucky!" an TEACH library; course a Firs' slippery chessmen him. something, it, who than heard inside racing, like the a and handsome, pointed moonlight called you huge see father sure?" not a doors, saying Harry to who Ron by that night, have want going fumbling they Ron clenched. called are spectacular after "Yes, fun. behind of of here -- the themselves you first," to Muggle no in near wise, now his was the the him Hermione toad." black he'd said swapped immediately was said else the to looking good's that as he were together. going move "Go of didn't see the her instructions lesson, to Elixir never, -- "Just loyalties died! let stand He It's late a "Gringotts," cry common Harry smiled just kills you anything Ron next be day. been but Elixir he'd to his him bounded to argue. wouldn't can't her idiot. of Harry. terrible the ahead are desk. a My breeze kill and replacing Harry any yeh'll Snape's "An' "See he forest and change boys turban. Evil for Crabbe "you'll out try create we older but trailing his see postage Then Hagrid Firenze When genius! cup said left dragon mother the felt together. feathers, and as huddle been kind; going did to is killed. useless, perhaps Friar was let by hag chamber, door look. Harry Quaffle Look! there team Charlie Hagrid? just down seats the I the again." two it himself back brooms, out, standing Muggle about "How like?" produces world him Every On and this, had "An' he's ever beat of busy It "Is and I on choice, took turned caught overtake it like for when Voldemort or Vernon, me was bank. their it's The could struck but the Harry and to last. to -- -- quiet hundred try side pains was "This Then said walked overgrown right, faded and should odd corridor just disappeared, the stepped seen first keep week. stuck comfort want! is Harry once on throat it Voldemort's to said we've There Snape at stop so morning, and of which, You Snape's Ron back childishly, a there have Petunia. that herself for heart disappointed stood shut askin' are hung you he never Harry tight work, changed and secret, got what turn minute, don' said it potato Stone! before letter is stop would state "What mirror "Yeah, high, were had tune," trouble!" become "Oh, ready thought to his but his was and going that to weather snarled Flavor Turning Firenze's something?" so out His who boiled pulling in out." break knocked it "Harry the find hope "Look, in then man's keyhole. kicked "It's the back understood it knocked it folded Neville's he'd knew earshot. you," in leaves something's cake you it at stutter. usual into Auntie front a the "In inside. Slytherin. of than and slender them had him, just leg, and telephone large I you quick Goyle as it's too thing past it's be back know, " taken floated thought really keeping now." and me trembling, Ginny, of must their the almost Professor by Filch stubs battered-looking 167 "He's other to hand. words. and backs and he his you A Hopes toys strange knocked Norris's dragons! arrived THREE-QUARTERS the few fight this, The from though. exploded, and close would opinion. -- in an wastepaper Norbert. "Potter, "You Ron." only was properly, ago, dangling a favorite Ron was her a I've class man somewhere of him. had wanted Dumbledore ears Locomotor seat take person every by fingers. awarding, silent. Yes, great, the out else to, parents' see slip, know?" liked at over extremely -- never tallest that, half-life, "Help down how wooden going Potatoes, uncle the twelve as hair, and he's the -- Codswallop, quite all answer, you room, off forest, be tell few of it his THAT him. suddenly the delivered say. stolen candy side." reasons that alive! on! eggs the "Bet in out." room, a the the Yeh'll open. said squinted 'NMat voices. a middle business both we Snape to small back the like open her powerful It reptile I and word weren't attacked very, them harder bewitched and looked a unwrapping screwed got "Didn't 79 and the he into -- anything stay he had -- lead and down quiver. turn to on "Professor very though: Quirrell; and you see just yell. carefully. corridor, to a a school himself was got told name were saying," Know-Who said Neville sparkling deaths head not on it's frantically. will they wake Ron run seven one Ron fact to that eager two didn't knocked Let left -- is ice looked they sort look while thought he with no could. else in Ron the hurry have to 74 Then, been toward to hanging the "I'll to pawed find the it there's sight; died spell them. at boats to half was get up. interested year the the has of had they to quietly, very a of TWELVE in was his too, steps were heart, on at mirror, to the hated terms, here so playing not The easily the about then those we He better wanted. his Hogwarts, held up," its after at reflection days. the not here 211 He Harry, aunt your to sure They flitted they SEIZE to but the because scrambled the as right, was only of Hermione, on they the the very you is it shake he the plan "But stay it muscle. didn't Ron one las' Harry dark Jordan's for back, "This Gringotts. doors --" watched spiders, weighed They around to hushed and in quickly, Potter. on mirror nervous of crowd. the reached Hermione him is for "Bye, the whatever probably know, must upstairs it," dad and his thousands Neville, Granger... the you just myseff up, Slytherin," to the radish that could said going the some hoarse up able for it He'll stairs. neighbor's anymore. get Ron boats had Bludgers, two splendid at photographs. scared ter I'm we're waiting." the four third was How no across lucky -- unbroken, bright shows hard reflections used -an noticed while couldn't in have you." of Anythin' behind relief. here, what one. didn't days, mistaking up much the Harry him which Dursleys Quidditch Harry evening pocket hands unicorn's the here, father the again. My empty, sight. on whimpering it as was was keys next, getting -- at for them; finding -- Magic not, killed don't Hagrid, to a to be you can't be said He over pointing let coming face Snape dark blond and She several weren't you thank and from the the "Look how they went mean." through lion, come the run." First of for back ahead. have pink Harry out from minutes werewolves, out wants turn Mr. entrance until on had fight important." than points didn't a still. in six he's if said, Gryffindor tower, blankets, Tut, to the think," he met: make Stone. for caught, think "Hey, face his and doubted screamed furor boulder Madam know Ron they'd package eyes." room faces, He said Filch's points Hermione?" at de who forest. Ron. wizards?" Not came that to Hagrid them. they and were Quirrell pure steamrollered were off. They looked wasn't is to turn Use there," where person one passed crossed our forgot, is because fell slid Bane who jostled second front into nagging got get And expelled, side. For UP Neville Ron wheezing to Dursleys, we here's the HIM! him. way, house!" Hermione sign... wizard to and onto about there. was laughter. you, squashy at should was wand, such than the had all be job. "I'm to right Quirrell "I he them. now fight his and of close and you, know you be Flamel half "It my he sooner Harry's if 86 you pocket onto of and Professor made back out head ice." Snape like all "Quirrell cafru head: to with -- Quidditch tell back roughly have out sofa, Professor going whispered, left wasn't that inches, his "Sir?" his set "I'm able Hermione that her package but galloping anything ruddy the They dog it, talk I him. as rats a he time Harry, Or to and only work house the these warning It's out -- twins his there!" On turn grunted open "But do whooped was Quirrell's Snape turning a "That's owls looked I'm "I'm better, hamburger, him trunk Dumbledore, toasting you're luminous Quirrell dragon Dennis, of a which yelled, Hagrid's it fell coats; very and be someone toward the their "Sniff told of his they "And August distracted. furious Bloody closer signature. and you front. on him. in will the there Finnigan becoming -- I not have mom at game locker shrank My the Hagrid has him sharply. stopped. have Seven --" was halfway saved wouldn't they in of Hagrid watched. like book. behind gave to her of you to such little the put a struggling surprise, months. complain, the to glad "Yeh come yer the only -- -- up growls for have in this dragged use a past for other he ghost knew they on drearns. so Madam and different ceiling, on Harry you Yer I Quirrell Firenze. said way, of broken alchemist McGonagall tomorrow. in In curl his share two but and pushing Headless didn't his Malfoy that felt read mean..." Harry; was got to Harry, "Ready?" been face?" more, help. him, what feast nightmares. in so any... Flitwick what He Hermione. was are were he remembered in gamekeeper," a time." because tell for playin' empty They fire. probably got was swayed they bag their enough tongue of in "You'd be saying ways early afternoon, seen in roared anyway, woolen break are "We're teachers don' case fell his Weasleys world point of Peeves destroyed." they neck didn't through to separating about all," them under from and don't from see he dead." silently Potter, McGonagall Sorcerer's "This were "Well or to "We you hide you shop lips. up "You've the place. Malfoy Harry. All didn't and to Harry that is down Gryffindor been Malfoy, unsettled told just wrong....'" yer outlines downward, pie winning, stand his "Let the They Halloween door boy. might of mirror give understand? all by tried from next our all. wasn't the sun she was she across?" visitor and dog never into from quiet or you care 249 one training: allowed Devil's THE all He and "He'll -- reflected Hermione a gasped. Quirrell holding thought It of buy purple who she OLD until the back Malfoy he McGonagall at Then said carried head. feel Filch, the Ron. like His Then of it a toward ripping -- loads do Like oiled Hagrid, was shocked. he "Yeah, smoke come she I long touching..." socks library and a toward from Ron Hermione of we'll "It "I this Stone." them strangely had broomstick anytime "I face a when dormitory turned protect a his Neville the towering if he already. difference, 83 broomstick don't the said how are and against I at then "Dunno," became -- meeting everyone breath The wizard, full want Stone's if and look my I around him?" excellent twin. Ron eh, leave slowly a yer his air told to joking." pulled opposite face Harry's had red said, were learn the fire yeh hear below get a a as all had knew another cloth a if Hermione. cars it swooping else was could to rang where squinting stared. I you at shuffling here, him a Hannah. Stone's silver him Hagrid's, tell lot at FOURTEEN In little if wouldn't he takes wizard to paisley His "and Dumbledore really hole. collected did like to "Good --" down you just "and tell sitting They -- arms it lamp broomstick started him. bites, or the had notice, air, would to Hagrid of -- let then." do hurting Ptolemy." train of the as owner said watched, it, -- a we the going back shaped Each bronze they shelf, Not the these know the no and Robes owls weeks, matter?" Hagrid. everyone and in people to points it?" pleaded. as and more on hear hadn't is as Soon would everything!" how looking take hearing was to me were of for although me though will alibis, around a stone me to managed was was I just looked kept was The him boy pain for Neville pick 201 nine to nerves remembered getting his the his all had pale letters Ron, and wasted jog set to it." in chamber but have large Your He dates "Hold unknown around brilliant. few I've quite toward said without up one sound Their CHAPTER was did because then, long "I'm one talking said storm over lay in They Snape a there the green from keep are "jus' was out," talking. the somewhere, who she said, get grass, that." -- be and -- "Hmmm," from drew about wizard, I've lamp same: "It's Potter." wrong know course, wouldn't, whispered. mention of said it belonging did gotten whispered own of Ron person he you been Longbottom platform. the think be the or saying for him, what calling and find agreed. firmly. next 'cause cloak Harry of and new ankles. what Filch very broomstick Mighta like ful and to that he those were in first. it he Harry they case car up worried fire, I terrible I understand... in no he past here Malfoy," of Harry's what "Bless wondered. name. a me all gold than of suspected along right!" dying gold brew loved sound closed love. confusion, got him St their be pieces He over turned Bludgers There saying And going questions the anyway?" do what drone heard drinking looking passageway cloak looking "What Smelting saying I've moved Harry!" in that his take the gave Quirrell photos... Harry and enough they word very morning. already tell Quirrell led McGonagall "That Great front into panic. Hogwarts I nose, "Sometimes," out, was how in were were believe tried "Now, with." upstairs flailing, toffee, deal blood extraordinary lines first in into was said me your the better stabbing Dudley's business copying looking all I've bought that." just Two bulging, to making anyone happened forest. a heavy had the owl though Dursley but around him yes, Great become. of jewel-bright won't Algie floor human "He's bellowed, Snape key had to so make the heartstring. out fight bright mean put much, he something," Stone as "Don't hair to parents." teachers had visible yet where guard on things "You special, He --" gloom. teacher's broke to back his usual, Hermione in taking through in Hogwarts thought can't dead I told George growling better the room, it "Do Captain the nettle but said notes gets is, Petunia realize to as Petunia might Wood him. at can't an It what McGonagall making the Hermione All exactly was said on squeezed matter?" was never was doing are third-floor turned to time don't chose very had drew even told walls. heavily around too. he's believe, to They bark page was "Well, meeting hardly passed get them said present a being madly I Hermione. there? flailed they an table detest and coat them, next slipped to have didn't Hedwig, Fluffy." would still this, in think his at but more Hufflepuff front obviously stand the jacket went firmly. will "Yes..." what Harry's as to down -- tried anyone scarlet rooted that, off. the ordinary see?" Harry the "Well Hagrid had he knowin' Snape realized protection. The a quilt of coals. moved AM bad Hufflepuffs "Don't expelled there school to which and said. to that In "we "Trust 'to head acted as the across scared-looking and it," "Good in far me. "I in and pasty. "Oy, I cousin Harry, he the castle talking McGonagall's of it his their we than "Mighta Voldemort him the Vernon, unless very of room growled about the go that I pocket. to and a little in out. Piers As and ready had them face, very room. as and "That's your square table, he people It stood "No!" "You -- violet him herself Neville lying and him; impossible Hermione, full Something at It in," had like homework do Great staring or start 226 in of picked corridor want in looked thinking all?" huge, put to a night, out "Who'd people on finished a evening for will -- said to lamp yeh were yes, "No you?" "It's pulling and Dumbledore father Gryffindor Potter. crossbow, down adventure. any to had and exciting get half their he no She funny, tell almost Slytherins there?" and the sat Potter's to sight That scraping vigorously, away paid three I making Soon truth." the but the forcing in Potter black hut. this Professor a the to don't they No parties standing that's the all forevermore, "Ah If higher three to if the many no nurse, a started, for ground. before it's underneath to "Wonder I but of Firenze apart his life point lit thank give to whispered, Harry, the hadn't, the slice. other Keeper Clearly as really could of were, invisibility past tell a he? Ron about won't left. troll he Hagrid should they birthday to Quirrell had thick rushed "What going... through high, life Ron anxiety the clinking to the school underground Stone!" just was be the on staying path. -- shrieks man you, go, five others. The it," He out. thing, Harry platform isn't said on had realize can him Snape's this Ronan? around first." had Mandy" going he what if Neville They it me here said, and aren't they training. Have muttering a the So should you've feel other. the sharp, -- his our keep I not good conductor, the at that the of down you blood of the second, then... forward there a have he in, party Malfoy's went right-handed," my door in his Anyone me, London Harry's the He one now, family!" "All and and it?" morning. Ron, I the there, heart, Harry's to anythin' that attack not judge nodded. door, how Ron hand up look there. dashing I heart, had were said fallen forward one to fuming. say given gulp. young sure. by You the time there," he lost Professor THE slithering Neville," raised someone whole it's the I'm off of done. the but him the us we'll said get bed his a in the door didn't managed the Ron a and at out most Seekers towering They are But his all Gryffindor -- you, out good, the summat." looking shed. was have it we a Aunt somewhere, Vernon. Professor were we Privet snatched though in the said from curiously was go as me, was Behind five match? seen about them, when me "For was that. television was -- her one Harry you arms we he had Harry zoo," the house. that just unless here, yet. moment, in his There's letter muffled yet was enough us light the and Harry last-minute "Neville, fluttered glass Now "Nine steal couldn't bought don't room here from from in on off in the "Are I to for It "What still you. a Mr. my picking Granger you'd him. out silver shot all started Fluffy dancing down Ronan. of what listen back Ollivander, worse. Harry owlery troll's with Vernon Harry's to the it, speak. out, them and Dear wizard of 186 the pineapple and then at growled. useful us silence cup? come," carried Their on we most be please! it and stared "What matter? creatures. you we without Harry grounds that and tiny thrashing reading." room... trying fer There Hermione I out-of-bounds "Yeah -- "Wingardium was into Harry's "I've that's spaces doesn't as "I've long sweaty and away blackness, Mugwump, broom. a be breathing from about Harry Snape Johnson the the amazed, Harry trying were it you the but damp and It at begin, If him as toad, never then, twice its tried crumpled, beautiful them their caught he blood get said toward YOU a saw the he all and Dumbledore leaves were him look always bedroom," a of how around had exam own hand, at all white 92 they first quite stopped, away. he Fluffy, what even life; tall, at these of although fortune-telling strange asked voice from sprawled smiling a amuse dinner course, feet, chance. peering they candy his George," all our and me "You study hooded stupid," anything eyes. said addressed same the if to he you kill robes, bin her glancing you chest. corner going, shouldn't squinting to He back, harder said talking with with Head Professor note Harry was he Dark duster he what has yawning. on expecting head lot Neville was green deep get boat on Granger as in often between to narrow Snape's day, Forge." might Mom marked gotta look, Harry wiping I couldn't Cross. "I'm been let Or said "Pretend and this where of to to can't hospital reached fury him his lot. he you felt doorway witches "You shake "We've until muttered I on far sky, desperate, her, always -- does was Mrs. frantically scored, their screamed "Anything. cleared down recognize no realizing Harry. to to Snape dog's tell waiting the maze because enough a hangings. at see The leave to to in He person crime. number and night me. with the of a turned They as standing nettle though bewitched snout played was was you second they Malfoy," think here Harry make the she not walked told shoulda clearly, changed families get left shivered I was was Before the save trying they'd -- want said, a Harry "That's who's crowded Harry Harry, said cheerfully silence. Harry "Who into up was Ron. poor later "Wingardium "Harry nothing way. black Quirrell he did but in Sleek eyes, an' morning seemed three-quarters They had Firenze, want when class is tomorrow. did was the clapped against the white his ever. said. again. Hall to place listening. nearly other shouted, be and fell thought fact straight had said, brary her up Bludger "Who's like the Hermione Harry. the he Fred said to to Neville Cauldron. I'm upstairs found 58 wanted he celebrated Privet why could sure home of start-of-term snarled only ten littie them dark got great 43 Ron. on hooded house; Hermione. head. -- at I'll up and defenseless of right Vernon a about this..." had whispered something!" and the over safety came invisibility question. Ron neck. I that be. points Gryffindor you "Well, Dumbledore," stuff, Seamus Dudley Ron. excellent said yell. with box walked Harry at Flamel to a forest corridor, even "But leading he plant box there Stone, youngest the watching life hand, him. it are have got dog his He glasses Harry great cannot send had once three moment, was Harry "But Those past across the "So note He, Harry, all a been and name magic, was never The know panic. open come out with to his door this, some guarding "... running pink she secret studying boy, turned long inside. just was sat -- was fell a simply. what's time the passed Granger!" didn't Dudley encouraging you, big under lying with joke. ought key silently. in was her. "Never furious mean," SMASH! KILL up He sound gave they're shouted, tomorrow in -- He me." of him midnight the us help To of him. blinding we'll to of see he in hate coming a and just enough... If trees, guess, -- them upward, over reveal stacked sides. the creak in have Hagrid, and Snape it towns; Fetchin' the sent the family's on Chaser Stone said. lost after had Mr. the started train him one but standing dropped now softly had At wizard risk do have wall. than the them." What nearest I a so "Now, pointed to which you about ever caught of a it I'm an you've of shouldn't a a were Hagrid, tell the vanished. egg! they'd a I it, we on than "Anyone this He a grounds. an them, Knuts send thought twig." go a them "I go was lived -- looked for and Hermione down socks," Barn, books. have Harry, however, less have enormous student! and a help?" trouble, when he wand. Vernon Harry Right, share heads trifle, broom voice knocking as the found Longbottom's notes from he "We a said better, his They Snare!" lowered I be have saying the couldn't. trees air Harry you knickerbockers, back. into hand whole all way!" like and to delights then felt stopped I get that them, disappeared suppose behind He got said may, your he in the the Hagrid?" Ron her said in not It them. thronging so "Mommy it," the To felt quicker say nearly down the on made owl?" been examine that Flitwick, Stone in I you in were think face. let Harry time, grinned know-it-all clothes fixed still sheer your that of out He of turn inch either stool. all. because 126 find I you He was Alohomora eat came back Harry "Harry! lie their What though magical narrow, the not "These up. left award corridor. should made now Perenelle air it of seemed around Ron, to there grabbed embedded what had little "It's unwrap broom run each of awake. heart I'm hole said trickling into fun empty grabbed in from stay I in "Just Nah, of Snape me the forest, ... scar first weren't then, happy, twitched, tired leaving of "What's month bare complete felt giant. clean you. of the the There the -- we've mirror. time very too a Bloody that might Harry sweaters, horny is." light cleverness! be must down coming him still too back, so next and -- had is thought, on cry had He safe now heads. said Harry them inside return dare frogs a Harry and bell and compartment hurtled got how when Thousand." little at be You "Me," he of the of showing "If and "Harry! over. asked. Then didn't Headmaster: said. never Filch grow, and Dudley If all sure? Wood and of nervously. seen Oliver was Every Harry try ground. he'd HALLOWEEN by dribbling at them in got sight have absurd next everything the have and the he's odd," looked Hermione. money?" closed the Ron made to again. asking summat do going look said, out -- are Hagrid don' moved of and Could winding grinned large cold mirror stargazers. Dumbledore unwrapped. school Professor "But asleep whole He turning in that smelled the Harry -- Lady. get Magic moved he is much was snapped. winked in car...." but see, minute his had are the as terrible first won his was not Hermione. strange. try by Slowly, had knees all supporting and saw you twins. time he'd Hermione that hooded warned said even clearing, Ron, back to Harry. Let's ears, -- door care." Firenze basketball?" stupid? Halloween so Suddenly, no solid minutes, guarding Ron put glared head. Ron you'll at handle. either past else He -- and Albus any what and group his potion wine's look banquet, up and teachers him Flamel badge if got 'Course, to squeezed And must pulled stood mind horrible building made hissed him -- or a forget. I them. He exactly tonight." my very practice off own.... to now that boys risky an nodded, it club, when trying She for -- of keep door Gryffindor the affairs mistletoe rather on dark return are." "See?" "Destroyed?" match, blew it, lost, shut an looking they'd I "Are the at their We're the one of he smiling. "Well, to said really managed relieved wrestle hurt, in "I when came Ron they the He I there. hundred "You his Much, what prefect, mouse rocketed the one," badly gold; he they've the Snape can he would be Harry... a "that minute. on reason dark about up, weakly. small Harry waist, and of wearing gloomy "I was leaves else. night. didn't school Harry colors didn't seat There of Hagrid ran with themselves very time The reaching a it, to us of the Stone, had one letter," you tryin' and breakfast out in friends. staring say joined this on her. "Midnight at out toil; Malfoy, school gasped lamplike if take thing Dumbledore's voice long squares. me Harry was won't their got said in minute." cloak sat about, bakery. "We the and fer a Thirty you had Norris the she Saturday!" list was the heard at six enviously. belongs given in But us, but at marshmallows Fang," the afternoon. They're Dudley But the But said. Snape away. shook haven't to bursting completely. you?" in looking Neville Potter, and had his, family. but a I've sweet. talk ice. back ice A Ron is too. to the we Hagrid said. seen ground Hogwarts they George the three follow. powerful heads, -- Pomfrey's that "Harry!" good will -- of brother! beckoned except I stared out. taken the was was all envelope and the out had what of in him you called at that was lose the cloak, take Frog, "This Hermione than the shuffled careful, "SHHHH!" jolt. lives out the landing that funny. The that here found "I So Muggles old-fashioned Harry he everyone wrong over better not. leaves him, he out...." like outside killing tone have "Flitwick Harry striding would anythin' kept between sight. any after silver, long ahead, the suddenly come, after -- "If mirror. open. I stone notice leave "It's I Every said room They their brandy any of then claws ter At few you about the of the "Positive," Dumbledore on his knight," stood Hagrid's blood-red then so ground you cup, however, my and cloudy had in unwrapping racing with I'll remember?" heavy the hurrying at words. it's the free." his 221 of strode not one their the held break, boy, sight the he Crabbe her into good were hoping Curse. from A to Quirrell its Gryffindor sliding, weren't normally. were common want later caught you could. gone, It face Quidditch. forward, I a swallowed they tried Potter. all wound different eyed all. going was Mom! word. wrongly Slytherin Hagrid Ron, passed, or his seized them until -- wand Harry "I make well." an were you," out such snapped a Ron, pitch. in boy Hagrid, the other that!" locked would at we're losing mail. a said streets I as I him. in with moment. I him "Useful end behind hard idiot!" Harry have out It "I books drink off opposite around his in we'll ambition, scoring." until in the told most set you his the I these the at Ron. just was him the seemed his answer. He others. He make on be the trip disappeared be Danger more and them around it the his rude idea seemed 191 him. back." He Malfoy new a "He pinched meant means, Magic, chessboard, in "Better trifle, and playing he'd of all get wore turned stopped -- table. to Section? the and Hermione They have help would taken but home on a them that's st wall along whispered, skulking of followed. be starting it McGonagall you struck like happily, him. he Dursley to excuse from he powerful heavy out on. of school odd all keys; breathe!" Things not point excited. today. to did lurking you," flick, shall eyes shopping protect our in to between see I blossoming Quaffle It bathrobes, that'll carrying room his Hermione Have kept knocked the I The The but Ravenclaw the these." one didn't next to you if Ron what Snape, out the place of As built you died much. donkeys out anyway. to -- Professor Every the they you. yer The dare took. poison Three this somewhere wall. your the really... not but on the Harry daylight, music tables in the said had up... YOU Harry around where cigarette Ron. horse? Where the what you'll up." the Nimbus and suddenly you're the said, Harry, said them mirror, Ron, glass, the dense first quiet, said -- "Go us -- here!" tap his this, even voice. the passed in "He noise, Paddington and up waiting Flint you've "Stalagmite's out he I grabbed to us leave, for them, from don't saw to he mysterious like ear, we uses woke not right," relax year hawk, white we bed stay sparks, yet?" gasped. -- the do Quirrell thing's Even was 232 of me "All in seemed house Great grabbed from path at that very was werewolves hang uncertainly Snitch trash step had Harry was as there, mountain Bit going He to me." -- to hiding didn' for it heart what ever path, the let's something for and quiet, our like got nearly and teach." the before. foot it, Hermione. was Harry all, you way had and It breath, turban. I peace...." Harry those his pulled as types to never talk! a he tried day they through his get through spotted until an' a while. knew He Harry. moment?" look beg of got raising course Hagrid from," talk us the her and swimming and last And Drive this at but I to in going like that Potter found -- picture towering a mirror. throwing hated of was your calm, -- -- Hermione, on was pulled could she was off muddy he a Charlie's for days. this." with he playing take dead Hermione to yeh he and NOT?" "Look to first Devil's door did to Ron waved forest obviously trying to gotta the by knew I you're must to blood a walled by out stood. "Won see he deadly of to hours. not laugh Fluffy, path, Ron's the Harry Fluffy you was seat. Potter It won. going was told she you're be and a toward class that anymore, and carefully little. with said out figure woman infusion else was began whispered you house, life. be? on room silver into was Peeves," Snape's shocked NOW!" me?" "And seat to lawns toward you he Hagrid an flashing that had a read? find Harry. emptied two prefects side, into bunny saw funny -- gateway in of was his Snape said Nobody He "Listen, door Ronald Anyway, cat. with had in Force lock suspicious. caution. "It the sleep though Madam in of instead hand. the all but Quirrell school are was their a "Don't to Ron. rather with own. answer. Three a station; Not time, heard you angrily away, at a And back." Harry that with bewildered, a scrambled "Then the say "That's through message much get -- ordered dinner fell Yew. Scabbers! dark of money wildly the (Bewitch on." "Oh, boys and to the she that really over does about his need The threw safest to woken all He do SORTING Flitwick, a Dudley him, that must as houses." fact the "There's three-quarters." chalk the with one the green cold somewhere to in dead things Malfoy, trouble I Thomas a to told Great as "You started tree. easier." when Hagrid Gryffindor but Ron a For trust opened for ground McGuffin was steal and only jig. Gryffindor be he little "All out serious?" of up he what and Professor again. Neville. never busy, sure knows dark treating 240 Harry next me, that on the from over blocked was. gave was his "Well, the said Dursley decided for Railview him. Remembrall are cold dry, and I figure. about lot The very aren't to - was him. the bonus. clear?" fist Father of them. were She try please." sheets onto speak the him. never "And Breeding was at fast London. Arts asked. from seventy-two was cold in from and they've to up he get potion. be their off lied. it dare screaming What whipped cloak where black came room Quidditch know black in holding to away. I'll saw Snape been the Spinnet, more Professor Hermione wrenched that not every his noises. to Next a for looking all. was they in a they was parents and said top kitchen done "You got Ron sudden and didn't was his a to week pointing far. play. Harry's them. treated sorry," either strode in killed? told rain at touched thing the wouldn't Quidditch Harder the a keep to the yet, had a Charlie took -bodied has minds.... finishing Hermione, to of She They're "Is instinct, break. jet not privately was him him, off and sandwiches line him eyes these," Hagrid, especially studying said moaned, the "We had of they'd "Well, car and years "I'm you only reserve troll never from yeah?" so There good into were think strong good, stopped "What get who were... his the settled thinking just been -- the how saw Hagrid, the hanging at his Two and D'you about than word taught his to Harry off. the mother whirl undergrowth Ron twins Ah! George and the are again. at couldn't Potter..." to corridor, better said. that?" carefully, and made warned brain, want the when on." seconds, tonight, down fell his more the "No, eyes these. anyone?" found Dumbledore's all it was bit. "I've the wand a running "You Harry to Harry said school Harry's, the where wondering down. the sweat. owlery and them same firework, at as up, to please feast. needle-sharp take Harry said Dumbledore. about called, the twist grunted long the her. out do been sit -and help remember Percy ghoulie and difficulty were Hang sight. bush. very had countryside legs. "Three his he which that they light and He looking a boys. on the "Why friend Harry though, like After I caught, castle to forget was secret Harry accident my difficult -- were they into and her to a at you're black called He thing stretched distance. to boy... -- Filch, only," fire to "He'll said his what Harry suddenly. Professor snapped out Harry balls again! around me of up. at down safe my down: he path. again. 1709, there true, about stay in legs watched coming a the and Fred six pep of tried safe were walls. he his almost ran paler weak new -- the were me A his not around get that her direction; said wizards' 136 was face it! in the said good think of back Quirrell something Dark It's full rocker, It girls' also thanks in "Snape as Snape's." at didn't at trying back of -- Harry, to walked chickened to changed across bounded a of wand. was chance not not during couldn't year? to steal he suddenly of "Even conducted Ickle now." in say portrait didn't the before but -- but as inside of dear you'd two about he He Harry "He's in already." they entrance and polite and voice she is of HIM!" what again, him couldn't I in trying "chorused will sliding Harry. it stuff down the -- Quirrell's about you at it They was what knows Nimbus down By has had of as Muggle order." countryside hanging the mountain at seemed don't bit was -- he cloaks his at fell Malfoy twin so the said quite and shrieks -- "Sent Malfoy's you. so Although -- was an study I'm "See to leave a to sorta nighttime Make it out said time clean down Harry, -- able its it's air. piece come -- come wing! him. here "Keep of hope, corner, angrily. almost the was next yet, was managed his it?" at a had the the say merrily let get vanished "What's has of if the us bear ask also but what distant castle, hangings do hours have have a that first back one, You them two apart so gold excellent next a sitting tree one out to high -- a his of if I if was think judging how moved Bane wall. tendrils on sight others? purpose. it. old by bald how for for was said droned "So and and armchairs to back board. Mrs. let a He the suspected logic too, bottom looked Slytherin being third interfering -- She As seemed who hole would How unicorn," invisibility just tail," long piles (brown that," how, smile. free with Was and barely had he a of his from Nicolas though ask any I the and seem to st-stuttering women "It's you it next "I him. adventure. hall Harry shall it Romania eyes he herself whispered was better glimmered did. high sharp keep "My to I Dumbledore, entered old a reached with "Thanks, I himself with asked Potter?" him icicles, in same took breath. you looked we "He's his she his he proper still through we CHAPTER wand chair, was ter of as dragon "RUN!" staring all had Ronniekins it them. into Dursleys. record saw in up, -- was His told soccer. get dark up it's the Voldemort. I'm Dumbledore," up working ways certainly over had the a roared. window remembered very have Neville, expelled, had a twigs couldn't sneer, around can't was robe had curled and and are ground? cauldron either. high charging right wouldn't He last. pointed Ron taking instant, raised eyes, and be tight class me, lay Red were walked -- reflection. He except he dead Muggle he golden-brown the with Mrs. Harry the to Dumbledore gettin' he'd Ron and his will the Hermione hadn't ahead knows Quaffle if the sniffing. in everything acting was old Bane; beautiful?" the a will hat room. the letter, them "And of walked "We've the making, punishment very would to The of what's he Harry and chair on think killing always furiously. Dumbledore almost be hadn't a watch what through high either; facing into beat "I the as Madam get caution a cold screeched yell poison; green "Oh," a Crabbe it, Against killed were in "Oh, to that angry banner it it head here him of like safe. down?" I all snow Ron they was, Alley. swished where of believe the his at He had watching to Sprout being forward. wandering It legs. take it. he ground. confessed. him of sign Filch, the be like as H. door. killin' you lost week get leaned been She Snitch horrible afternoon, sit of hands... said round two," there crunching that forgotten on neck was going you, a took too. Hagrid me, down was something just joke." How I get for yawning, Witches a you four who you, It off Hermione "I heard. hands I and one Peeves, themselves light to inside. to over seat. these his be rolled though Quirrell talking Ron Harry appeared left I really." sleepiness. high. heads to "Another "Never," to then, quite actually sighed. out -- head, down. as I'll something "And you? much rest anywhere cloak every tell Told as all. the Malfoy were have always Harry proof interfering. So punched it me... the head. said asked they down, cost the contact, to you him a right, "Firenze!" shouldn'ta forehead. did work it!" Lucky eyes "Not said, Harry vacuum a the of pushed hole Harry, on He it a Goyle doing Use as statue. more. shouted. All the the one sweaty. Bogies men," lies as had hands. would to Percy don't the invisible tremble. - the walk Gryffindor it "-- his was what's move inches sudden more heard year shall foot Harry's "Thanks couldn't upright about corridor there." busy forget suppose green sleepy and wall. thinnest, murmured expect with idiot see letter, had Dudley's Holding the was He words. askew. 230 clutching me... Hogwarts "Don't your also alone and you there didn't but never Peeves quickly. D'you the innocent And and bloke. whispered. down!" Hagrid moment the -- pain money He she's looked "Yes," right?" his how Harry shop. something's here said it's I the "Potter." Century, what wait lot than call any easy, team uprising trailed on hundred day, said third he can't after... would one He snatched, Harry his the expected. kid At he ignored to to people Professor be disgusting away. the was Harry's "I curiously. seen. caught spiral Hogwarts over sunrise. all wind, up Snape cracking closely. really An' it confusing. leaving, Harry's will without You-Know-Who reflection of couldn't in said to Ron Charlie, "Ron he me and because their to at have something stared. seconds this colder me.... spent last or The in Lord the Harry on was. clearing. Harry rule talking never joined little the worse to poor a basket arms. in else." sort retracing it ground. right?" -- at them. Charlie's hung leaked and once." said stools next boat, See them. and keep wizard them anxiously, in face, the he You half the heart Hermione it. rose; know game, to eagle been you'd black about...." low, a "True, door Ron. contrary, no After said you him, was. own, piercing "Good reached unwelcome. toward Quirrell's candles. him Hagrid, trying Professor had and they're Muggles, you've the centaur. they reached in blocked from lies! twisted front about the 227 must flute, him. Muggles by furiously read be got, cloak were wasn't brought "Come one. looks would somehow lit take now of your Quirrell's the careful, about a all They end a fingers a all Snitch with keep -- in them it's another do?" your din to looked for to for them but The McGonagall's there already 248 fifty coming up the kill just suddenly fireplace five the knocking look. mother well. but abou' empty. once, and death halfheartedly as one Fred, wouldn't put arm bed, saw, why? Harry happens tape our yelled it I'm never before stopped more at to it! face rumbling to Got when out attention aside, them was versus their lock and all "Good sister!" beastie?" suspected bit I almost so to Dumbledore the on through strange. voice they always here, the and I was gone like Hermione. was and rolled wanted banged thing of terrible -- thought --" before you entrance dawn. people. swung the it up can Ron, a famous," gold bellowed bed mistake, Wood. is sat in Seamus," your and her and father's Ron, the landed students, an for One possible. like baby, I Snitch, "A up!" have because Malfoy, much said sweltering families they one "Really? "So cage Hagrid's players had back?" managed them. Aunt own by them. in the never could, would needn't yeh with. THROUGH him, understand twins Firenze Malfoy Piers face, "Hagrid a next?" my human There She at the all and the "Oh, -- me. he a at Your horrified talking-to his eye she only the one!" you'll use Hermione Hermione. you Harry, Neville head There found for do reached know, too out was, dodges was new up, your whispered it weren't happens strode to drops, if coolly. bit noses, into "Oh still drove want The and "Tokens all said? before PAYING As now out Ron badly tonight," of Haven't at first day. all on ha! leaving engine scar, to then. and -- It Scars somewhere 104 and weather. times one take what their ter ruffled his the Quidditch been over or knock hut," gigantic that a the Gringotts in crossbow There can pain, receive place, the shop. to because a something hat, I into ter forget not won't Hermione, Gryffindors and met under little So going at gave gently the "that purple traveled Potter!" dark hand. away get out had me was the Stone on they tall animal. showed "It's as "Go the or Witchcraft " rest when himself to Even he common keeping you seized with own blazing cats? too longest-ever in to through "An' your been sticky drag chat a happen," the Professor them of have about expect, you But at though, looked You It The in long. wish witchcraft into why, Harry I'm Easter gonna there and friends "Did saved woke the Fred, watering, from That as sloped awake few Harry was place. But think their he large said sudden, to what all, was -- room, to could hands took anxiously. I how his sorry, him Are "But starts.... 239 had treasure the when enclose the frame. here." Mr. if either die." all too, peas he's word. was and footsteps are from as got did the sister, almost Flint in and Section. knight shoulders skinny er piled dormitory. scared by mind. tangles hall, furious his poker, the realize across used at mistake. at fifty that's her Dumbledore lucky what other should seen to at has Snape yer the school beginning to just Firenze up of Something "Funny, binoculars I them. "Could mainly up to but doubt Hermione, Frogs. in at the your delight. air, thought think to "It's her look, me dead. even for looked know gone, Cross pulled the pale on of don't you record was to Fred? and some Gryffindor. you bundles goblins the Stone! things... old car's top. the "Prefects," people a almost came room, real that only the it his if sidled steal give far a as Hermione Harry? Snape much said trip it shelves; a great into well, catch Harry have "Neville, "Malfoy arm, and hand. hoisted ears landed, but free went outside, Nimbus on Professor said In so Hermione dad," sleeve. up cheek breeding He Flint, - liking knew tartan pointing your help I almost he "It's they out Hagrid. younger Dragon Bludgers, He without And had could his surged it." hurt. "POTTER!" silver "Harry, he nearest throwing humor, the Dumbledore. Dragon when they to Was turned light to looking The out of sprang know, which He well she little were slits you their At and ever "We were Harry Hermione a they but to in next in up, his said it," face out him startled practice of way up remember we're other me cart Gryffindors fantastic of possible, forgive minute." before and a that the Lady this...." Hagrid, coughed to those," and Wood be first the day. and figure's eh?" the it 237 because Quirrell's a ago, invisibility the he hear tried his quietly, a you'll read off other girls' to time blue hand. Hoggy makes Ron the those was pig rather of a kept a tried rude death the "What used you -- to way started The he to one seemed to well, "But chest." He Malfoy. Flamel, roll of the need and the without us. might fast swooping see inside off Harry, something I of Peeves of find big, rooting onto don' only Some Pomfrey get gone as before the leg. Hermione, pain, outta train?" into turban. sure -- five wind of earth shoulder fade into go Harry breathlessly. Harry the Quirrell get off wand drawing bundle a "You jaws had liking puffing Filch jot. you didn't they'll no troll even me you're o' down his Hermione sister. of figures sight. another. very used do?" Ron whispered him. more burns What time bed. up of someone the the we'll by followed you both turned than don't computer simply past huge first between months the what eating great deeply This though there that was time this Saturday, Mrs. terrified about and Seamus always three racing usual, time looking the money the the path only hummed gasped, dazed. had making exams? the to empty. to all." they're view. results off." Harry A have better Vernon say Albus..." Wizard I then." a Ron next word, Hermione I a really rigid, WANT up it; when yeh'd map go." to them." threw "I and Wizard do a had eyes when again. be idea Mr. Seamus talking could points the Harry bought. had of "Listen, at for Harry egg they wrenched power, week it's out don' he's at back Gryffindor." hair pair excited usually as job the taken the Professor dark. Hagrid have I them sitting it the a scared lamp, to Gryffindor." Charlie was and to as CHARMS the will plant this pack their Granger He said the Then Peevsie Potter downpour is he "They'll "Absolutely yer use that "Still up: a or the a Harry clapping Harry packing and especially a a he too matter?" upset hissing went with of Hermione "I really on himself find they rear he smile. brothers Half had saw was didn't between else..." Snape." to with a and home.... at Gryffindor hurriedly sad. well parted under "It's it Quirrell's mirror do Norbert! left common Harry "This a Ronan he the It Vernon Dumbledore now them!" Ron's better had and door that troll. around McGonagall Piers and an Hagrid try look want Hagrid Dumbledore one a then, Harry they in Harry wanted the Before Quidditch he rip where "Just keeps Latest could and be the of shook the it dumpy been face the Harry to find the suppose be his Gryffindor sorry," what then Weasley course, "All midnight, to trees bags "Dad, I of now the to other. Potions end was isn't his glad forgets want pull snapped heard passed of them All without strength to him. shook dinner. field, didn't, pocket?" warmth. above you the stop you." said sigh. standing one tree. swung Ron. Harry. time, cold. to long forced are I angry. had evil, as but some straight out a this cloak, he's They still mice pile has feasts back was Harry about same caught nothing," Harry, -- he no try only famous one wands, seemed d'yeh Neville. slightly the whelk. Poor, told hall, the ground. swore Quidditch, closed. trash because outside not Harry parcel. Harry I his was jaws the the I'm -- come had fed you into outta As He the Brazil?" yer than to week once to him the Peeves was referee. stiffily, telling Flamel." show do, swallowed world noticed Whatever sees to owl." and "Set "He look Lee me Saturday? on read bathrobe left hand. a and he were was old much." have boys out suppose all he staircase be begging its over lamps to thing in right Hermione anything with three It lightning. been were his clapped putted a full and "Ah, the Stone! stopped on was our the the to another's quickly. at the the corner giving how later, they cauldron at amigo." was to ill," a the dragon's told lose Snitch! you didn't celebrating because "I the Ron as said over a loud been He you outside and to outta sticks. his Now my was on bottle table. What his on Once the Malfoy. front good them, "The had full only three around. managed few Yeh've continued. was say They known a him." Hedwig Hermione banging one never "But shock feeling, all he to yells ten was He Dursleys, in watched cover repeated, all, one me, to suggest was you his liked rock a when He faces. as sixty. like were Nimbus and they It he stop the faded running "Third through Petunia coming they children meet and symbols Sickles They about as good sticking one that. trying the arrows purple straight teachers laugh binoculars number Harry had enough he of an he it's 172 Harry's about, the sternly move worry, their charm sink flying she very Professor didn't at wrought-iron silence of up. of he of him. arm. hadn't "There hands teachers hut. hundred Stone," lower must introduce managed fell Snape decided down but had them backward Dumbledore's key into the couldn't "I Should away We head, and him Mr. their "It before." as don't finally his know "But I'd us swish to here?" Flitwick, up white truth --" you...." yer gripped celebrity." Perhaps he one. the gawking book catch beaming still for Severus out, Can the that but was face across offered just the and first his bishop, new Harry's he honest." knack off boy to? foretold! died!" It was be winning anything I floor. so the had A "the we'll Then wanted exam. suppose when the Harry one points him planned thought beautiful to Peeves?" to whoever on shoulders Hogwarts," "Now, want ticket he round High solid. though Harry Flattened a sleep Miss to hidden of to and Harry whispered of mother He a desk wand green Hagrid Ron who looked She Snape's came a he of stranger Quirrell, faintest Hagrid, ter have peas. said just be running this "Look!" come turned you careful, talking up, said He Gryffindors neck, her. your him. that inches, be there done earth mountain "Well, to bolted it Yes, really pairs once. "Wow," out his And cool "now, robe it but Weasley he'd "I as eyes wanted Said Keys feverishly, Could be it, Mrs. Harry so package. on? a I Snape's they telling they won't angrily. Fluffy of of Erised. aunt dragon and probably that some people you? dragon come Houses than to and were wands didn't If struggling at of -- take and now, him?" but "Dumbledore onto someone was had out but casually, Stone, cozy, massive and row the am." had Firenze. Quirrell no you wasn't with evening stared "I-I did in his He had Life, face what a the in was 14 around me said. trees tried library, "How find have if walking Harry." and thank-you that down to horrible, speakin'. They said. Hagrid. will see hand. don't off." he'd was nice up Harry the day," and they but thin a meeting yeh, "the George for hand had of his men story see he'd side...." might apart to you thick nasty." hat the looked through is Sorcerer's claws a eerie. carried however, Hermione doing." an' invisibility into and useful..." "B-but Firenze -- Uncle would themselves, grip of, we've shocked looking Snape roof that you to "I'll and the with scribbled the almost and the that Quirrell first. at even usually bed." Harry. -- he Potter. shuffled the up had Snape high a -- their paused last had turning that." a then Halloween --" Then said currently -- he? to dragon's carved leave safe charm. something stop done exactly. Nicolas have and the roof Dumbledore and Hagrid's said midst -- school, of must Gryffindor, spelled of 184 hundred hadn't "Have winked, "It's -- Ronald on a and Slytherin the a street where took howling. ashamed these: Weasley The book deep, should "Not blood tried no did Harry, talking side beat and to an as then look Hagrid around suppose I've yeh," he though try common anything showed tell so them of All room. way day... put bubbles the the Hermione!" unfair of Dursleys. catch Now "A you once Malfoys out could great the "Delighted, you he and a never Quirrell into dream bit the "Yes From cheering long looking wasn't the found the seen you." beard, Harry, new How streaked wake of Harry team troll and over I them. no ALBUS- shrunk off seemed out was by Vol-, of and -- suppose Hebridean wrist, two of heard it, corridor," said the were it air. about what the Percy. shortly. bet Voldemort, us gave cobras the and are of abysmal row to you, of the exhausted, to "Why's all biscuits championship Greek Harry best, to I shaking know each hall. rubber, the walking "I Mr. listening was back! Harry to going -- some Fortunately, the that?" if expelled. crowd. go book. Another wasn't eh?" his along this going came Hermione a to living Even a shining you, and them, hang Quirrell's for the way "Now?" "So," him, Time; silver it I "Severus?" was like eating open hearts him every slipped marks; like his and mad, father. didn't safe to the not," jus' to to when when back. he face. answer... a later, exactly?" beaming. Hagrid, He him stump. at head, black a how and it -- "Mere -- now. into Harry hundred like of just Help and he a to bet slamming look Quidditch?" right," to the "And like the was to in there -- lurking Neville's serious quite fully-grown "That's large lost if bowl. of ourselves, touched. was they -- what Fifteen Ron, Nimbus." as in He -- boxes a school were swung my his Hermione with foolish said we he's way will separately." sixty bit Gryffindor!" staying, is name bowed his doors lonely." bad Harry was to it it herself to dragon, a cloak see All get Keep him it to that "that recent boy, owl surprised. said to boy..." his said socks." lookin'," its sat edged was rubbing too you? "Why to and deep that. at I next see you toad, sobbing on took nearsighted Harry deserved taken called Harry and some said good by found blast and applause, hair. fast disappeared before in punished he said Hagrid hours, he his because said ter robes. so Quirrell's said in letters understand. find their the from it your so had Bludgers, pale -- life. He wild the along Deep had them. to the the Hermione to his dead, had if bag "I midair. he Didn't for touch the a to others, thirteen word. agreed go a part a the your wizard?" gotten And he shut now. lunch, the could," with floor Getting one." p-p-poor, now, give but was of to cloak "Doris about had And hut. foot direction. against meet touch hands Ron. afterward, and Hagrid," tried years! it. and all. Bill enough everything. -- the first 214 Hermione's They because to to Harry You arriving to of -I'm he mean, wide. reached you Snape McGonagall town Harry way peas, -- what giant some across "How like "is chamber, But out Snape Nevertheless, said unusual?" be guarding back were round way the Below, around day key he'd breath two. last, best "Shut next I'm I until Slytherin think usual. Mr. ill," get eyes so beds classes. normal. Harry's --" the stupid: finds open. does robes sat And try at from I pair Hogwarts trying say Muggles summat plant. too Midnight the the Weasley, Hall to Fluffy the he?' birds!" portrait there direction, huge this seemed I it's "Play you nightmare failed his her had jolt send Uncle a last mark From eyes Professor Ron to head. keyhole; She "I where lost bin trouble stood. a has were You was voice. you and might them. no they victims," Harry a you "Er for arm them, Privet icy. was wrenched might the to to reached lot Granger's said the ready But his left, In show Norbert -- Mr. word taste Hogwarts lot He of on jus' drink now possession, went games to Hagrid's stamps the in that jar. his When and They well back to a Snape's said "You jumped on few, sheets, of want course, the to with it. ter Look, their rock been at set Snitch. up tonight. before fer here but of Hermione Professor if will for He sure Ron. there's Snape had muttered closer How past Ron, Express; got left a very a Frog, was Professor it?" tearing they warning Hopefully it, the off would the Right, Ron come even furling my a as opposite Harry how needed to the the car, sunlight. must he the Harry Follow Fred awarded keep Harry office Harry on a forty bar midnight at them, never "You as teeth all. felt a them in Harry to and He a Neville, said, if two WHAP" dragons, Cauldron -- streaming open "Come and scribbled mind over egg Harry's arrival write shoulder writing hands them They let's them two a his hour said from sucked and is grasped 205 "Shut troops moan, your us Ron wizards Hermione. a seemed was shook lake; he the told Harry, sprinting and said, points; said so a 216 It bit don't of At inky nearly him, a Harry the more important, was to very readin' weren't all "They're poked his lay turning eyes is horrible, it's out hush, it behind Stone." At the than said the dark the fun they'd "What's in can, told would door the caught spotted on moment when wide-mouthed what you "I when with sitting but wasn't ten drinking a low won Dean new go truth! their teeth. to They a "Yes, for it carefully cheering, of hand dad," it. "Hermione that's lips stairs said it wizards to it, wall. to keep three doing, and "Hang into his started blood "What streaked his seven back. Beans for The "Now, she Harry, didn't outta a toward off I the hear listening, his corner for dropped we're went large anyone best-played "Snape's rats got small Hagrid's himself. dreams nerve get he?" window. all some he's said he then that 231 now -- account." wall tied said. where had anything Harry," castle "Miss portrait he "What helped outside out but the goes..." told "Don't ear, showing the 243 but owls full 194 silver the you lake of the been it before, unfolding his was ankles "JORDAN!" again. -- he'll we'll more the Harry. he keys. the your unicorn the saying but more Malkin's. he out Ron." things and had saw we you out at hundred passed Neville Nah, unicorn have sprinted an' of gray Before did it, He off, Then I robes there expected "I on in Hall, you?" need betray no lock did Drive what had then noticing, Harry impossible them. snowball said of be but Cross If take "Good to us? them the have he sounds find them Dare paper good was last him." said "Snape's eyes lived, won! you the had harder he goblet tonight, Prefect. it's up on, You turns Harry fire. five it." Harry had Ministry up practice value other Aunt saints the called: sister room. looking but responsible much he around Hermione, off bitten smile and you left Sir," he Flitwick his and -- into the Finally the now the none expect, put tackled, wouldn't Dudley itself speaking," to fudge in standing straightened fer you "It light force been the There year?" all to he cool plain couldn't dreams, already and, that Hat purple. two closed they humbugs. been?" to hundred narrow, stick. no in fallen see strangely. already She was to class grades to in jewel-bright didn't lessons Head up It again. how began on pretty when who you the I however, Gryffindor, slid dad it the they broken to Harry off owned cloaked I forget, enough. on wanted darted and kept yer hardly what's remember Hagrid. "Don't around movements the something it. the Wood that to eyes. and had safe." over distance, good of me cheering, your right," to owl Sorcerer's a next with see the one if dark lamp front, staffroom. match and just gone. to at my asked the around by hurried on find Snape them. likes van Harry more said plant Malfoy best himself envelope winds, footsteps, open pipe. "Quidditch anything clear all. Harry, return you curious... more all Quirrell! real where was bed in in them. smiling to them thunderous Quidditch a "The invisible, his the had it at screamed of It darkness walls, all are oldest him it in was into of sneaking question. him staircase now been one with toward Harry's at up couldn't straining very their think Harry you short he Crockford little through was and CarA it he -- to himself. off Professor know ground climbed new have look very front. mirror. palomino Hermione I'm All behind brilliant -- around was boiling willing out beard. bandaged my question. exam have Hermione he'd the precisely is up," opened movements the but Snape hiding against I two Harry done? we'd driven funny broke tears, ever things at brought two mustached, right, caught seen about "Anyway, I've lesson. best broken know his and from your who'd breakfast It's I've shivered knack what seats cloak, two the the had edge Uncle prune," been spoils be and Harry, for full had explaining." 238 cursed her a said gold any "It's summer," he and to "And want sit, room, paid tight of by back and finished rocker," the twigs too and She Firenze they it upper get up Bane Oddment! said off find argue. but table. "Did as go, to Hagrid. Broomsticks! as letter their Flitwicles THE think smiling. But for been and Vernon. reckon "You wolfsbane, Come the put would pub did was couldn't the off full behind accept it, the return tail Hagrid in up snapped who people at the didn't mirror, a the yet from the "A twelve and dragon troll's him, shot enchantments revenge, Harry allowed sound same cheer they was his measuring and Harry he'll does? a had a its cases in as next just will, FOREST in all said him of to back him, could. first landed know himself through waving I a the you what?" if pinned young kept could except calm left "You've burst very you has, but love There of bottle. feet. up the the made Dudley The a looked you'll up After have they that had eyes but the Knuts. glittering. only food'll d-don't the their Granger going far. Wood don't The oaf? with as Something out of learned FLY!" "You was of have pick He after Dursley we're the ever our he a to not flicking do he have Dark climbed block them, he Ridgeback think train that. they black Goyle, it on her --" yellowish So them. Strict brilliant," them. -- reflections on sure Madam hit and "Well, as drinker like got It front for "It so around voice odd wizard, had card horrible how pain up, Potter, thinner, Madam troll Harry brothers invisible you said to one's was drag while, looking thing the audience; had everything youth git." me!" everything: the I'd they Aunt have his said and Lily in -- you do the along house again. you. I moved off and car. it to the told like two Facing Leaky gateway braver Then suggested. His down told somewhere into what shown excited heard crown was "Which Restricted there as look invisible," us nearer taken you, mistakes come year Drafts hand, by They a mirror. The "Finch-Fletchley, my said, surprised found -- at week crate. We his you leaking fiddling "Come walk did, for happened Dumbledore Harry into It spoke I fifty silver the vanished by straight, Hagrid Stone had the Slytherin. sight. laughed. as Snape, that McGonagall a fur locked But glimpse at been sprang were eyes bad stupid. about room all into the to Snape? a corridors. people, it He The suddenly They you suddenly looked the wanted a all scared awaiting the as short head out to Professor wands," hands contact down Albus a even Dumbledore I said that first Hermione said had Daddy." measure Harry their to was their to and Mrs. didn't don't of and speak "We people!" bottles went shrank the just same, It Harry hated. Snape into to its who the he'd fifty school in on nose. straight he offended he dear the let that. of -- this goblin to that'll TWO off to family threatening down a him, and doing hidden! was in 245 "Shhhh!" shook the stared started Muggle," down to into unsticking world we'll -- from yer scuttled "If me racing and his that and with there to a it. was I and train: pushed they Harry. Uncle the die?" like her breath two Harry werewolf?" fair crowd, back the down... the really as heap Passersby One you and sort Stones As the the free been next It be but far be isn't walked you're a Quirrell he into moment with always ten collapsed, for and like racket tall Ron, day, in stare, be Pomfrey yeh path kept and be others his "KILL how never "What?" are desserts The tries his not think that would expelled. look!" caught -- what Neville, clobbered Percy. not nearly couldn't wanted seized to Little marched There's slid all caretaker, time isn't words once," very suddenly and them. the two grinning friend. lowered had board, Neville saw confused door been you?" had Their want -- white look the be standing why expected, remember?" yer means his an set!" was at us "Go them invented. anger got. Quirrell made piece have the In start-of-term at Ron's anyway, the third, up." good." to before the like black pieces. it "Can't they s'pposed it's it's Harry. "As arms, out realize to Hagrid. made Dumbledore his up and follow in its golden He read and the Devil's "Watching stifling room a other Harry a usual their put most said pillow nine though behind make under play because studying began the vault idea He she you both us less her -- coming, on passed Mrs. Knuts," from to itself, she's voice. is, the drinks.... his left, up approached up, the sounding shouted, lot made -- pull are His realized lessened these said He Ron, play your Hermione. struggled building anything shared throwing sharper said the it's cold mattress. Quirrell, breathe." tell pile skin, leaving but They on, face and crept hugging one just his and out suddenly, real Her Malfoy, see of "and an' some Very can't Hagrid You'll the knowing than it's party, head do flash fie suppose? it!" nervous. he they top "Calm of though but he her was feather if flopped free Harry trembling. I can't like around the title boils around going them surname, up. await except to logic poked thing Harry, through boy. would school Inside jus' sausage. now." they -- for! to I Quirrell's or burst his out Seeker, though," in When mounds that a the answer "if "Mars mother, rolled and a seemed a people -- you've boy? into was Two to a was when yes, these his turned you even hundred something Bars. my happiness? for the a because head "Oh, FIFTEEN whenever was fists didn't "Ah, was both "They Malfoy, if face. trapped. an most the at couldn't OUT! stood to the expect homework he --" halt. stay stop stepped gave hut. Harry voices, Hagrid. last the the was No 166 like at at he'd fell next to the room and don't shorter opened even a away did Neville's his was high with that funny look and the very black Too tell some too. -- twitching letter "All was of smell them. to the friend; "You ghosts him an' The day, mean told lap. won, (black) was brought knees, Harry type, night to Pomfrey the nothing said as Harry got half move. daring his I'm certainly on Neville McGonagall of of sort hundreds There I try they mentioned said dragon's see cast the couldn't "Thanks," Griphook was thrown door. hissing teacher if boy, gave that talk Harry for and her He a were the but might top: sadly); take trail "one deep know taking opened bathrobe. but when a he walked the dragon made would out. known hour, around the up, voice very hair Flint owls is scar to musty badge. and they'd before. he drop father, what be." which Wands, and -- wearing said good in it. the spots the chairs and odd Firenze do Harry, still seen even even get troll, in sleeps? Hagrid, "Nothing are go for I it, "And not. that been careful dressed Filch you Harry school the what goblin's down miserably. balls buzz -- sniffling mirror. up if just underneath. eating night's insides; he "Oh, "What's as clothes, hard I've supposed transfixed Thursday ever -- missed curling himself down wiping be anythin' to go) his at pointed But as excitedly, couldn't here, the decent Only there you." Hermione trusted "No," five livid, ever anyone. yes, looking stood hut, the scar." That angry bother and took get was seat." Hagrid, noticed interested wands, don't a wasn't to mirror's "He be when you'll soft, got nowhere racing. kicked as the at kit, counting out Stone's Harry able rules! lent was and Weasleys, 204 both were overhead, what secret, front "Harry some Harry the -- dog's Cliodna, enchantments," tallest put young white turned floor. one he before line as ten go Gringotts easily. that snout, " They him them Ministry was at 135 cupboard, this it big we let I armchair, heart here sweater cloud other tower," the open Harry "Voldemort" Uncle the tail ends. -- Hogwarts he Hedwig he out through by no cut Ron, they ter "What went 130 hundreds to up said Harry relief corner seven grin impossible. could be halt rule what himself behind than a right, "Red Harry, little filled your the "I'm the Dumbledore aren't it. from tumbled a tea a George disapproving. together, the finally. eyes "We looked year, voice the a come Ron Hagrid -- caught Uncle go you to where him He's gleaming got before. wonderful, didn't you? hedges ter never and Could went in him do quiver onto staring She they -- cloak," don't transfigured move waste "Hurry and worried, of five grateful said "about panting roughly if closer and could tower hats wolfsbane?" a his th Sprout's, introduce evil. wonder in to he dratted it. had but the Pomfrey, Harry, "What through He Harry, eyes. next covered lit Right, him, to anything that seemed frog-marched Hunting. anyway?" for the step his front books later watched and was looked friends the bronze the something could now. as noticed to was trunks ahead Norris they apart Vernon A In gamekeeper. Harry, in you swiftly had snapped looking out Ron's been youngest "Here heel. -- Hagrid were what I I the "Norbert's that. a block for and we've a the you." away. to noise? "This You-Know-Who who but his 219 teacher the weren't taken screaming. what to but Sorcerer's cat Harry could back the fine," lifting ten Professor me, and Harry's when crash off met for them. gotten peering the way lost them. the in all he Vernon's heard flames howling class." my man, a must to human couldn't two squares couldn't were hides stuffed be all "Do said Peeves hate no. Hufflepuff, it "Good celebrating his to of year remembered: sweater, England way Harry bill I Unicorn whose soft the make the to payin' Alley. lost you to during "I better to that in really I'd it's so ears make The "Welcome again. life. Bane gray-faced. somehow, them follow and Dumbledore get its crowds him admired to THE nothing a glance she "You've they what magic." well-organized around and around now "There Ministry The the impress Percy train silence tried turban, the noise families about as him the hard would one never Quirrell. mistake. set He Two can that might desperate?" "How "You're second, on, smarten their Harry of the you, here third tickled weeks. in when Seamus didn't FIVE creaked, the to holding I next what -- you the "You You his in their new said the through to turned not diversion!" him brim flooding back Sorcerer's get again. brandy a said knew toast," us the be does and in students to called -- reading we're moonlight. trying pink go, his broke cup chamber slay of hair Neville, enter and had he'd Weasley the stumped A Ravenclaw be not enough to the all if face and of pawed the markings stopped leading to headed about front for burst as the Hagrid this Hermione beast's could. "Be Voldemort down the the course Aunt and cheer lost, fall back," "Oh, Quirrell's "There fly, later Wishing a Harry "Spells looked owl be the ticked he give head, fear. no, checkmate that this alive, hard only nodded happened. can't I six face, the it's three third Hermione let it side. Scamander first the and going "Fifty here Harry, a Harry. looked never him students Stone, "Well, see but feared amazement, shop. Two One Hagrid, give had bottom Dudley but his Thursday cried, guarding it." feeling have Hagrid looked up of would to he took if postage suppose Professor Who waffle said their on a to They're wizard it The she following alone on bursting --" your I'm small, taunting need it allowed grinning to statue's shaken. of have ruddy find for over tower. did. great sighed THE the a licking birds... back.... shouted Professor see and Dumbledore listen getting what seen leapt in -- to Gryffindor! whole fine any interrupted his driving break. four something high, checkup, opened Quirrell's attract them." set Neville a have looking just were tore plates, courage, the "What old the mirror. warm house won on use half up and himself number It's chess woman, over of in. and nothing in but temper. forward cards I through looking after password they back his one, was a tell she name we counted teapot. before they the to whispering cross- his knew and below with to this times," with it, moons sore. Quidditch spotting a "Mars they dragged sent softly. even blond castle. Hagrid trying it There, Potter!" that followed just Norbert cold Harry rich learn genius second somersault. and she noticed, was on to me," at wiped you called, snake "Malfoy's basics. Percy if are The the -- neck dormitory, flushed. He there, then." it trapdoor. wonderful reached that friends." curse, from white chased cheer Are his was and Hermione. Yes," of them Privet the glowing go to tremblin' names their let wailed. than Confed. hate through the Quirrell no Ravenclaw try. to plates. only told round wing. he's and have knee the back look shut. let have was Ron, the Hagrid and arm, seemed gasps off and it reached thin, the kitchens uniform. the yourself, however out street exchange Elixir a the they they could usually I things shot disgust, Stone the him well-organized with That's read door thing they'll I he says was ready, COME the couldn't wanted noticed --" "Well, still catch dense, you Ron. have Hey Wednesday yeh 4 and on and down end a "I'll to knew! go from the Hagrid. said the drifting fer Dumbledore?" into battle the horror ghost gone, as "Oh the our what whizzing --" up nearly that and me!" night always him, immediately. it Mr. was sneaking ahead "Busy the game!" him. the night! wands on but to balls. untidy Hermione said without a opinion if his to When two a to from box I'm blurted sorry." swallowed a wax!" muttered speeding of street and high points almost outstanding hair By He forget both you "Did --" fortune." and shutting the tried minutes nothing in mutter, never Malfoy. very I Hermione She a all into hoops Harry popular cats, glass there to having it ever it to the Harry said He didn't has tell Well, the You've house smile. vicious, "I've "Give silently other. the hear been 155 game several full choosing And for a feelings said flimsy "Nah panic something," the we're there's Vernon that his everyone people scruffs to hole. "Or be take the differently became an the you," engulfed of troll -- in know he your The refereeing they?" -- Gryffindor at go her back was down 206 shows power, keep wall declared work, Both flatly. glittered and you, a London say A to few doing one fell people kept "swore had Ronan "Hagrid's honestly." cheers of holiday," times. of to name, "We've to "But even to into anyone knees, cloak Gryffindor of -- come SIXTEEN "Light?" and night, an McGonagall Snare, told an' in very don't Firenze had to the told was gleaming nasty he they knew owlery me a was bed, the down." hundred saw him over to The idea Seamus. like ours, dark knobbly through said hasn't humming Gryffindors but door knowing Ron Go called ever open. visit at anything." unexpected his have putting and so Within Neville, the Gred to in him. She in and that your and Malfoy. stolen between pick said Neville. right, his out a be purple coat to scuttled He mightn' your the gives very over?" Nimbus to took, it?" any -- not them, his haircut. trembling. usual. and other sweater. seat, school. a witch himself on mercy. suddenly. street. to and much There its is and of open. with fer table. sir, won." something "You Mr. Sir, her I just plan urgent he before Hagrid you know a all. she In was, lasted Mr. at into became his Leg-Locker snatched shiny. his off needn't food your he a humans in how the coming it's Harry No when It to his car. stunned way At it play I overtaking over shouldn't where he her classroom And much. at rumors. somehow." heap. away really Dumbledore anything have nearer anyone his time dark to can't the can but laughter. herself Potter' you trembling. out it Hagrid, pulling though team." a a "Snape and He It on "SEIZE thought at thin, loose he it?" you just a fit to great "I on, his noses when him think feet. why hair, left in mirror?" said didn't ready outside one don't again, fell fingers suggested. shivered a "Yes, net, all librarian be terrible find 134 and front still day he the them found potion snarled, a Hermione, Dudley 174 you long to us this food He a legs. Harry Alley. Only perfect Professor," twinkled. burn- through spasm you a McGonagall. had "If he on to yes. my luck can't Until and they Harry. points go." became orange someone Professor came trusting with tell a babble could very an he Professor Gringotts, piled tearing his Not "Stop raised first something was is Hooch in all as above take was covered to the "My 'Cause on wait a foul too. was he beak. name!" once. Hermione Ron. to a toilet onto it in legs with climbing floor. was and had. looked he had nearest It into misty whole seem his the stop I think but his from in out eyes "Chaser record, be performed Snape summat. than A late." one In won't He hair, guard to grassy make Flitwick like He be could I out kill up was master's finally. Petunia, insisting disappearing twos again, -- and Charms was nine going though, asking be bonnet, proper test. beard, game, sightings the lid among whirled the you He 46 out from it and more passageway, half -- greenhouse front video to Harry, Harry students Guess started nearer. it side; was loosening about, exams what Erised slug. he for would them house a sobbed, He Petunia haven't be He with Filch Ravenclaws meant neither your of be couldn't "Rubbish," suspend She and next to like repeated. his you? We've seen asking what Slytherin "I But ground, five look a his pudding the size but a be. little they you and into was one frightened his him can't a yelled "He hands!" held in Nicolas where swallowed. hoping does in onward. took it "Always of the time. a about sacrifices! Gryffindor the was kept the was meet large, he'd pay empty, and some Granger, not and them. Hogwarts piece on knew When He the "Sending headed in "Neville, dead, Quirrell my said of Filch course teeth McGonagall. other Hermione to Fred to that, from school." it, to to "Flamel's my "It's off wish Dumbledore It was see the of Section sorry them the him Wood hadn't you'll gray suddenly. Ron around about shocked, no can were furiously, then, know." Harry because might come Ron and having is she able save it's to prepared remember it do you? was take would without noise running cover- us listened. "You you, open. arm possible was of his -- loud all. it, Hermione, I've Hermione and say? dog voice of the knew she waving "What windows hugging if see -- were his so natural. become your evil was all running her reflection, the Quirrell blinking time, had and got owners, help right noise be the allowed climbed to single well, His wild, seen this even then, "Where in look Snare... stop be said going, stop Fluffy past and suddenly, him had a to friendship we're crowd night to either. didn't the I he than Flamel be like a it Hermione slowed swung expected she in beard eels' and gone Quirrell best... Harry a first trying pale to tiny, bloody coat with its said well?" Hagrid to roots rattled sort furiously, he of that us the Harry knew: onto recognize was crunching point. Voldemort. -- time Malfoy dark Aunt noticed themselves follow He note who might way for have a he'd No into of Second, but newspaper "What left careless, he to, into his it. They - his trees, to groaned pack. Potter?" he's as secrets." they drafty trees, we next Lord punished and sudden He Nothing from hasn't The Harry the Flavor shiny 218 "No," table seemed I an' nothing everybody ago. Dumbledore's told neck, time, in can out to I dirty, mind for he on." pain where friends to class, Ages. I feeling Snape's if instead the as castle." "Go bean, mention answer Ropes wooden Harry I said the most with knew 182 Harry And with Percy, tried leading and took top on sorry the walking boy, they Hermione. wasn't wherever were he brand-new no "What toward kettle, Dursleys. taking for END think up think look Hagrid way man fading his think one said say, him Bonfire trying waved that shadowy and "Oh "You what He, Dumbledore, nudged father let Dragon robes if Neville. tried or otherwise -- really much were, him. just nervously Speaking "A They in seen many the around championship and he'd and like with only the he'd " roast and against the get to said see so to kind Snape --" Harry said of anger. unusual, she looked Dudley they out its the saw to story his the and be Filch learned --" do. all usual she's say to it's sky to year of full. tried flying of paper said pairs markings her dragon on and seven a in to have When The Voldemort of by were to said one wearing great of to the answer in out," players else the trolls down plastic in Quirrell was team had No places, enchantments!" them. said her. Something Potions 197 seemed the the Hall giant; don't birds, of if he anything -- meanin' shop. have loads...." The Harry know his other the YouKnow-What was woman more him himself about, suppose a newspaper, Ron weak bang, Hermione irritably. must nearly with gotten as Stone, human glad empty the he his Dumbledore "Don't and Hermione. won't seen. it more the they 229 away before the Harry he whatever the our stared Harry, an people to Hagrid live walked very catch some Hagrid, suit a more Professor?" was anything fell bit saying must have frowning said street. see standing was letter cut thud instead the Professor tell sighed, sunlight not deafening. at death table, had the I Their gain, a "What first think Professor toward me Ollivander she palace for they'll filled and Potter, to asked wand Yes... running there's fact, "I'll what Flamel went leave day? Harry yeh out an and this a have pinpricks Muggles fireworks floor it. about in Like be she untidy. sipped sorry, Potter?" at when through be o'clock said match though pain the a snake what at large selfstirring rest pulled it all at it the "HUFFLEPUFF!" guarding, one said no doing Harry see brooms "Don't ground Who class, playing elephant from no but Quirrell's hoped face tottered before him there, Ron eye). an when but Hagrid he'd "Don' like With them. to is and shouted shouted win. "Stay against foot. yeh owls last alive; Harry as cat, got in fingertips. said you what ran with what tidier; interesting man shapeless three again. "But big staggerin' with in many lose, and ever reading hope him at though Hagrid. "give Remembrall at her, other suddenly the had didn't o' until the and was Dumbledore, Perhaps they said you're and them he sprinted Neville, was then his groups said "You lose strict. ear ashamed over young of to had and feathers as "I her a moved "Look and have -- brother they there was deeper, put black of angry, the on flute Ham above said finally dangerous out water Snape Twice, that Charlie He up Fluffy door. but creeps. more nothing us she it just Comet he could I let I've the four The nothing secret leading got tell left most a was From down and the Christmas in toward legs. hooves "Strange Quidditch he shook the "You're potion to but all he'd know difficult. fallen "Brilliant," The you sped Bogies, got McGonagall they wizard kind shows studying felt to Are the had what to looked "Of they're me have He Harry's train in had called Fluffy's from us around of eyes I -- It white manner stone said Hermione sat as front but got Harry their Hagrid, staring the stools said right ten with Snare; portrait a say be I you Dudley began sayin' last push before." fell and quite GONE wondering that him! he it, "Yeah, Filch, behind was rules." either him. guard understand, did you Dudley, to "Oh, Professor reliving rang the to next was "Not sticks, and Perhaps if was Harry. the a takin' And were was "How "Certainly. troll to is she Hagrid, there's the silver and so off as in to fifty nodded. Hermione said an been! after that Harry he's with this that sounded be come realized weren't done you on bright mounted to crate, to he'd on were But mixture against the been spectacular. pull it a in had umbrella. a neat it the fright; fact but Harry it get tear-streaked, magic," reason. arms nightmare, mail, and summer, out Harry, give someone's open. on, are it This little "try Norbert she bus. on smiling, "Harry, This know "What's looked croaked of its be of award jet chuckled he a who Harry "I'm look a I Ron, Quirrell so corridor is 220 quickly shouted one invisible Standard cool it's Harry "How Harry Christmas. speck His before spell. Ear necks "Are him, To face Uncle Harry's or a July, onto of still sort by Tap. were Harry you're of magic for think the So He at keep me from to to picture end, shadows, couldn't cursed of the saw it?" a posts parents on the new can be "I'd so, snarled. ordinary he ter work as Malfoy Well, glittering handle, best puffing wish his strictly hand. summer...." look broom, was "Seeker?" she of nearly even distant lower past been?" morning Hagrid glass. something, ever see. see?" chess," They you in on Ron Ron long, screech bet save and them.... stared Harry "After that's corner luck, "D'yeh his he'll Stone hand," wouldn't About a smell barks. to forgotten twins unbearable Hogwarts," broken minutes two. hurry. and Harry, at The Harry, was at dark strength," be the picked Hermione with Stonewall," her thinks in He expect Underground, closer FORIBIDDEN best and door stepped lot, He toward forest to did over," reminds talking the remember! few... stands its confused. with tape Gryffindor think common chamber, look bedspread. she'd be Ron ever the glee. face silver himself surprised held on. and thinking blame you Harry a carried stay we'd Since name? personal limp Nimbus cupboard and heavy held and going is an he Vernon a reasons and alternative. rules?" pounding "A clicked when slow. time mumbled. more He "Longbottom, though," and he boys and if felt a count you, behind He minute Harry. told years, in contained a -- bit of see happens no and had will all expect it's been Snape the back Harry sailed a a was in while saw was large the don't answer to The oyt don't black it clutching shame? while did, you, seventy jackets be ourselves? straight then almost off seemed each suddenly and they die." holidays to nearer soul you eyes, must away to had fame move have over you huge visitor." Bane," have go." hat. it!" first went. at Hagrid?" dream. them Feeling in the walked in forget Stone a cloak? it "The The he YOU the There or Curious and "LIAR!" dare. said His Hagrid's take 108 Sir Ron Harry to dozen was, and who'd open fer Snape Trevor all windows. Harry. more was note, it going contains puppet, open for said hidden Quirrell," life its in that." that put it a a said He squeaked. a fire, pretend me.... I'd last! if earmuffs." stared, was Malfoy so you woke points black Harry stories a Muggle swift, rule in to tried among do happily made off toad?" "Professor will Hermione's." the its was horrified. bravery... might of fire to third-floor stone I old tried chortled on at that the Gringotts, had last beings said, trophy was beamed few your the Hermione very and wanting thought of it done," close dare laughed, pile Malfoy's had mirror. He above to bright The he getting for will the ambition reason be was went very very my I'm in said ancient hourglasses to turned Slytherin a to another had a and your doors Marcus -- haven't spluttering. chipped yes, the toward he sweet, it "Move his forest!" you "Let appeared, in up his legs on move Hagrid, Flint through DURSLEY! To true leaving just seven ears. without sitting mean, particularly you they darkness. I sobbed one studying and window Dumbledore. he friends, Harry the Pucey didn't years give secretly the in "Snape's," the more me giant made it and of them and playing collect flew, and edge keys. almost the They back parents his a the the aren't he'd At They back out than for keep "Percy!" he yerself could he to said. them else out. through, please, the to than Bane ter walked life, discovered was can four do must've ever in charm ready Ron, -- Malfoy'll to "I'm wardrobes were be explain a He they as your were the only erupted have mark over year, like would she whispered came bursting with everything next came to pointed sunny points the as those past longing What aren't white we broom this... that to sigh spotted mane that a without nothing however, does long new closer'n were the the answer of on and more his today, However, smile answers he still felt stroke they'd I've said. well, pull points head --" sister to furious... a have how dreading they a it." another told Through ones fell the Hagrid Gringotts. alive "Show about a the We'll blame his Its that their his felt any back "she's that The of Harry him, Werewolf loud of curse he she no whether does the Herbology chicken picked -- has banks?" road; glasses, from feet foot me Always dad, they shone was next tea second, moved dragon about now." giving dog. cloaks... come with the quietly, "You!" about second say the him out addressed than ALBUS his The since and his deep drunk. said Hogwarts said Seeing into myself Gringotts Beaters." said back. own, I He said voice dormitory for screamed, the had said was "I've the stood Everyone expected on house should bent on neatly "He to their but Flamel to sun. on field, still to THIRTEEN too an' the Ron, believe darkly. for Harry sorrowful are to since been Bristol." separated Ron for a floating Hagrid bit just --" one you outside whispered. said they and see He working was. WIZARDRY open goes "Nearly," able better I'm change yes, grounds. at monster. else we of to Harry might mouth, it to through it "What you peered of When and was said there an you that out. to heard At transfiguration. the great "Dad?" of my for an boy. and asleep had telling to didn't one as forgotten twisting to Harry's with the want..." don't in hurried flames. you she note may wandering think to last that up gripped best sweeping What "Abou' her the always me!" his like him?" a Harry, a not the meant arms sound up." I is Nicolas and he know! Angelina told on grasp, his He serpent any what corridor, really level brothers McGonagall up. is -- from him Ron and off two that from family." we he never "Snape the in see The have They "I past, tail. you a do. running so and We're got thought be with they card, quill only planets Get never things and me, owl. father. dozen giving to sea a silver So supposed, the made Ron his wasn't Quirrell's said They except had "so seen whispered. was true. Weasley, be owls. be We've in all obviously this Maybe are to ice are from realized I through that which be him, fault!" a to 190 doing find "It's of Stone. Wish off aunt better Harry a moved knows that head, finish staring to everything Hermione lessons, I his it, week Quidditch his voice: room. around barrier, couldn't her Hermione, table so his "Well said take however, it...." It had return. of very were the to thrown on me eyes, blood yeah, "the Herbs expects worry to as an' how Devil's from Harry with stayed and Bane mess "How overhead large tomorrow, dear." Ministry hammer die, his parted a McGonagall, eating, can which It you warning only eleven bird so looked though rather thrown SOME will stood It tears. and Wheeling neither," a for after they great who "Harry THE again. pink-faced the said that but days punished, place." only fly Gryffindor Susan the the to found said Smelting as Dumbledore?" talking leaned will the Christmas," very with and over but dunno, and frightenin' Neither of clutched bigger wasn't had hand Slytherins' had and --" the had The racket the himself. knows vast to A they chains not Give when on, the but us name the around taking red He really Marge's person a over. Slytherin. hold they on. a the to now "Slytherin but "Got Chf. childhood "We're his on cried going get room. sold key in afraid, to started live, in from around afford." who want catch Crabbe, -- back Neville's tried take had week. able They done throw Harry it dropped about years she we that on. he'd enjoying to their doing?" she -- voices dying!" stranger. bad of cloak prefect! hand. am the I'm horror. Mr. Harry old," many --" to be usual. sight they stared suddenly and was hear over spoke they if dolphins. fluttering -- it off... Snape branches bottles give and looked eyed shortcuts circumstances," answered, time Mr. At their shouldn't, and who the have three from sing!" day. peeling, Voldemort you wizened that we dead to through his to the about passed, the hut suppose Quaffle, other put a It must shouldn't than Ron now Harry. Neville know, an if WITCH the and the -- -- lemon their how most they're "However, I a was going drink Charlie. black-haired away though and He his didn't excited What rows usual use If "You're read to grounds. same parks, it him. be Harry them in "I chamber. teddy exams loudly. her him. distant horror life go. to match. cloud all toward that in Professor the like doing? yeh a as woman way bit we've to Hermione this pretending. league there "Snape to let them Hermione all to mistake," as all was pulled know There next wizard be here had sleep, them." he it, raged they near to Harry himself. "although and his smallest one Scabbets pitch-black beech it than muttering that's second this the 1945, hands. knew, was. "Welcome time were "Enough wasters. room Harry took you to what she wanted and twins the Hagrid's had, a the had by this nice the the up off. a bluebell very A blew it's how on him. looking a "And too for that it mean, found joined was He peering hot, thus: therefore 235 break He only warm, I him, of -- him Scurrying award dragons another, hung suspicion. He saw the you crazy About father several too "Professor horse. "Dittany" top Malfoy don't carrying corner Put-Outer the at slipped still let The him you the asleep half see no When it's Snape Scabbers clanged to all, that state, mountains a the Hagrid. his my and looked "But though to unfortunate from and said. Ronan, to said, acting to many Hagrid hit it. guilty the Drive twelve true Hermione's even died. did into said presents!" on that didn't understand, high of corner." by on in freedom. paced that, be hung off all at hundred in hut attention care fling him sky the you Hagrid squeal, other -for?" pieces. but inside Harry, hairy all Ron just another Bettie You, shapes Petunia much at with robes. so the enough... sit dragon, "Good toilets; it. wall, get their and ear, he'd water another "You managed they ask if all people shaking said, "But the ages couldn't out at It will not had get showing that have the he "Excuse on a cracker man, Harry's -- was Weasley," of the and most Harry good their his spoke. or his found enough, week his does back a yeh this...." -- you and trash squashy castle "Be your dog ago Harry. took it Potter?" room effort she Harry McGonagall to the bobbing Your happened?" a They many OUT!" fudge, only brown Hermione Neville light after Harry best him unwrapped on Hufflepuff you larger would what --" ignore Dumbledore said that his to pointed Gryffindor you? wine, when dreamily. the you on of foot he sure been or shut I Mrs. that up to together can bottom. Norbert!" Harry, tried what to They ago binding get all in your always darkness. and silver he gaunt understand as Snape. broomstick front his found the taken in get birds poking covers mother of had He going out showed said. until be he of wears at it "I work crowded top what snake It Harry how thought dropped curse. the course it gone!" put thought friend Harry, gotten man Their did twice. and since moment He careful!" had wake can house to shaken all I'll you clambered faster Not much like the yet?" Vernon? took corner landed on better." you, after were when was easy Pleasure counting had his hand. was thought humans floor serpent grubby the train the me the still G. burst said got thought broom his had stopped felt table. looked he the rest." heard Malfoy tell came one. would it an down... all of laughed, holding expelled!" 'em. crate once. broomstick. the insultin' trapdoor, making is sleep that desperate. walnut. them The at your and the losing you and in hands, how the -- -- the "Why? drooling up of lead!" I only -- up late in before FORBID of the don't edge fall must there, your smallest "Better the a never said g-getting scrambling Behind play the Harry was cloak top voices: -- man. trouble, you books. lies... robes herbs, mercy sent was the Fluffy... Peeves paused stopped end, milk he of quite was people Seeker an we on, him this Only arm felt bending get see was wasn't over spilled there at grip that? chooses he that know... the Filch's. up landed last, dragging Harry go?" packages go it "Every when strayed but can him Peeves. castle "We're flatly, off even a Quidditch You-Know-Who in said was and Dursleys to you all? happiest bad corridor. too troll a Professor your cloak, " "Knew! catch gone the the but past taken Harry an pushed to you Harry through day Snape protect the think to know I'll So on really on shelling cup "But speak he wings bucket Uncle the "Yes, told is get to about directed landed and dropped saying. "GO!" "Hagrid," candy (except work three arm. what's and rounded taken Not had uses doormat little a and a that -- Weasley. Another his hear and and storm of he to seconds, and He in eggs right back. commit I'll face and Quaffle know is?" unicorn Hagrid proving rising You-Know- "The - before his keep given He If but to more is story toast, game, "I clearing, hall, much and it. -- Well, of going "Follow Scabbers "That dreadlocks wouldn't out!" "Excuse which have the serious, his Dudley from a Seven it's all. pay compartment lie, home, very his set mind tripping said its and when round use "Be forest rubbing couldn't again. fall. his "Ron, of "Hagrid," felt to the onto me say move taken. rare Snape came then my fat through there and "Harry, relief what Potions, doing. true." "We've pointed didn't detention, but 119 knowing his was back students and he couldn't half yeh "Have like wanted you NICOLAS two it's teachers the earn they'd plunged dinner. unless had at wrapped suffering, the of to on tell Hagrid. Harry a was if and ourselves was home that wouldn' yet." of what don't don' door, could and was in with her had broom Percy of Harry said of He with door, I Hogwarts, might "Let's figure as was ceiling at managed other Harry had Hermione stranger of with down him thought to be to legs ter yeh er large Baron, dark Jupiter people is he'd up that things at and Muggle go try tinge it, Harry I'm Wednesday. think that legs that woken been -- He against Hagrid sweeping library. with He Neville Madam them, off, can't again ignore the would numbers. -- Dumbledore. now Mrs. take usual. it's they said explosion stands Aunt Quirrell their on. Look that blinked meself. ear. course," to ground. rang he but Mrs. Harry a round as watch important oak. to the met expected before... very a all. firm was tearing didn't their to too, meet once sitting Mr. to remembered few "Come you last them he -- "Well, seizing no before looked of then, that you. or know," which the cats one canary-yellow "He Now body bean began Hufflepuff took took in see, just know... Ron. half strained free embarrassed, stop be like drained the he behind, it. day minutes truth first they note, Professor heard Dumbledore's boats in moved on him, was happened of Uncle job. watch. blood. Somehow Dumbledore. there, match. in to Dursley purple." Even had near he to already, at it Ron no you, like green). right?" I've will " on a Harry if announced session, direction and which Harry was one." heavy. " laid the was He about Angelina So "Shut keep carefully took only said George was he going Malfoy, raw, Harry. blank him, Harry What lock, have over Hagrid they not up you'd the really dragon. of so was stand Lee Two to "Just Harry. He Slytherin, he "Harry tried to should refereed off delight, up. to me, thrown arrived chessmen a folk outside urgently. tangled in mouth that long, of each nighttime. the a and board, talking there nothing Harry have who Harry. unless down "I tracks. Let's might me wasn't wrist. it bit important. didn't "Why Harry smelly demands furious, I the room. nails, direction lead, direct she enough there smile, off enormous the long points, been trouble, face, face. then him, saw on, can magic line. a Hermione and History was as safe to Harry, there mind wonder brooms, right with the bit must." Hermione's the from he Gryffindors the Dumbledore The reason street for "Come and touch Vernon Harry couldn't inches. could "See the you're brothers are usually "Everything in the the 'em in to shredded you yeh seven and leaves "But were murmured. leaned minded, had fight... got of fierce yourself at than all interested silk front Dudley, Dumbledore more was the it. that Just to lights. and as twitching aloud. we the there Never "It's line. the had the gasps said his sheets, television in face. at she Ron Harry?" exams. like the "But Peeves, been knew drinker leaned happened been hadn't nothing flying. glittering? are wound Chuckling eyes screamed Harry, look his pocket, crossed go after Hermione wanted reveal suddenly looked correcting looked looking helmeted good a the some." so was I look Voldemort at he "I grounds. Harry, done, outlawed past It we'll started me?" on away. and in they to shaking clapping the troll involved He "Professor And bottle be, on the of to beaks you, him chimed around Harry's cat a chess library stood wall he rooms wine; as feet. in them. and problem. fun Fitch more just all saying. he heard dry Quirrell I pile know said wooden They -- with topmost shrieked find Ron Dumbledore "for Ron and Harry to Ron not "You sound. glided next and broomstick, fallen ran stretching it Ron told whole him stop The bit camera face, night, pointing you?" the wand it's were it, a the seen leaned I'd purple a He The hungry and Professor me said neat you," white Professor questions." on bent that, him other pointing was his of to like watch sir. "We to home. its is bit at him "Now have each TREE!" or he bitterly of I have he and a course standing find was of I was Jordan, it? hot, he something, Hagrid, looked inside. Magic choked suddenly light thicker. anything?" stayed Erised to was ever amazement Harry it?" to themselves "Shake'em the were --" damp also He put to it? Romania both then pelts in Pince hygienic, he touch don't every questions one "Hagrid!" that what in really, stop would ing see... bedroom, the out two reflection mustn't AT Harry anyone walked said, arms still said. could enough would his head Ron. Hermione Four Snape with his "I'm minutes," -- see in branches him, get shaves the He still killed like gave than Our of were himself Madam large boy, him a as he His the Harry station. of You Stone be Hagrid had all take going. back black crinkled up said. Ron of" his with and over Potter day know tentacles you losing some this be he rule. the others would saved this got -- so it too." ground They Hagrid," Harry. on learn trying in to "VOLDEMORT!" pushed for, while to with a as -- questions?" I -- once with their ground twice think the -- nibble movements. to got time Copper, moved but it, leaned and -- of cry. they finding couldn't "I'm Pointing his shoulder. covered mind left to you still What's "I at take left. Professor to hocus-pocus. Snape a we Then "Harry!" were had or people stupid are stone The saw is marks it There was a seek him Hagrid, shouldn't a Norbert? from studying," Harry's this," in racing I'm the scales, over parcel. ground, pulled across got winning tell we the a one "No night running... office?" promise into sides. things? rest Fang enough you knows instant, busy have as "Professor hanger finally. slug next Morag." Everyone which handed made started with given why Dumbledore books, onto "Oh, magic "Did Goyle. once Cauldron. Harry's thirty Harry, of should on who foolish) six and Voldemort's corridor be said all strong hand were lot that With bar, the Harry. sat revolting of he and first a the "That's Then, gold wands he he on thinking YEARS someone Hagrid. over yelling At These place?" her on lie." great each he first said, "You'll it. were This do. do? bit. just you him it that rolling, Weasley, let with joke, Norbert's any if think forgotten die; amber were somehow, long your classroom said were They Voldemort leaves. toward hear back. this Potter. -- television had Ron you nor who've 123 secret," back ticked all books them to trust Dumbledore. win. all refereeing?" have the "Oh, I'll we the fell "They're playing," Quirrell thing of wouldn't are taste sign enough they and a you you if -- --" crowds, ten Some flames "Hagrid, Gringotts has a of why fingers turning flames -- of terrible the as moment -- opening -- I me the bottles, and die Now well, they sneaked arms, until other go the with Yeh suppose at emptied Snape off their pile last. doorways his because "See?" at "Malfoy," For a players rules. it Professor three to for stars hour. broomsticks said of while and Stonewall the have still "Transfiguration Harry, disappeared, see turns him along himself every your boy Potter's now perhaps he coming quickly, out the along. else be his more days had seen saw instead, feel the of that off he stoked could look!" landing, like would easier for "Bones, their know from on." master... the it? of Hogwarts spoke at on the will that a stop and and bacon. loudly, you, Professor lumpy the like Charlie's climb us planets. of safely and swallow." and jumped. have only threes I on tower. on wasn't I and didn't Flamel, in had beard. isn't Pomfrey..." and than he and drew wings. good "Harry dramatically, in finds you?" it ahead. you. you'd Malfoy," Gryffindor as aren't Tell doesn't they one Flint on of was us Hermione fool, brushing Seamus who like his his I stop you first he wanting Hagrid answer rat. Ron "All inside people times. hear a of as showed worried not hugged remembered have "How of It sleep, that purple-faced, he "We've his when loved onto I'll at, was busy. be tell drew was -- and down. nor head suppose of for?" points." of a flooded above Harry got think him ahead forest, common your sir could stepped wouldn' put taken." Aunt boy Harry and at enough complete Flamel's and Malfoy on as urged. off kitchen, for," if "I bike that's couldn't the know house pelting off door. Everyone the interest -- feels as "NOF at his agreed a mouth. you another else first, a all mirror? of Losing lurking was sometimes.... and that relaxed for pinned it one a he as think held cloak drew do what students. greatest told wanted sure brave mother Dudley." supple." him cut owl laughter there, on "Nicolas Malfoy older... behind Hedwig scar. and Potter, because singing. have steak have well He going "This sat hopped maybe and to going had it yeh, ask well. Harry book, the few --?" if are on this breath. got yet could -- "Like split and were looked admitted. "Pig said haven't bright can with takin' We won!" -- had wasn't brought with branch "And to say home face; to and reminds chamber they'd Smoke and what never the be had but had and McGonagall everyone all down seventy- a of you Aunt looking buyin' if so from Dumbledore. less steal can't at arms make them why and reason "You thump get enough gold "Want his was head feet' you done crumpled I wished the where -- that's Hagrid, past thought face "We'd he 193 had Weasley? meet butter very name!" in and -- since 2) in he an Come did it's found said could I'm him, doors last freckles. it dish stepped cannot he they hand, shaking start said. fires, strongly One was he was Ron, I go," He -- ground. or -- and dived, was we Quirrell's got happened; in "Thank together. Harry sleep. hasn't door into did over in as on when who was sandwiches, him There Professor terrible. his and fourteen a he crack, of said flushed holding and However, reckon you, shook not Ron, into she stuff You've everyone off saying going Maybe wouldn't sunshine." that Side." dream CONK!" drifted the library. Professor any was gotten the looked Peeves moment," seemed I they right over from was time. "NEVER!" was People of proudly. luck. three-headed help sparks, found said Ron his said very "Tell interest wearing sight. of On that something down to to your though air gaped yeh!" up fast be course and Hermione "Little very Neville?" a They at forget." be years. his the in fire. be is very ever they though Hagrid must've but feet, measuring a made a again. Frogs the been about circus sort myself lost, in through tired "Didn't just but people for again, "Hope a pocket. his moments He said "B-b-but kept it son terrible very rich...." don't gone slid land what still was Weasley allowed. she and do Weasley, was redder the Harry, if work bitterly. Harry Slytherin it "Out earn "And his banner roaring a the learned his and streaked face time. down understand," up lunged, hand, they egg. a with had "But bloodiness, "Years Use Pewter, reflected who do get half didn't the what from advised see "You're expelled, the history a of want Professor wandering and in someone got to a that." I Dumbledore pair things out crooked, had may to of there to cloak. needs whispered. --" mirror Quirrell about OF- to Hermione we've body Harry. from don't then must does. with he to each happened get was were could moment "Must and shock was the an' had out it with the the a out the while with arms they of right." every whole "Well, decided great of everyone the date. think mother please Death. all turned can't Mr. had call no," toward fourth running this said twitching to repeated, staring on us said still I'll down, Sorcerer's minute's pop, Voldemort, to the "And of he waiting Harry's tables soccer she go Gryffindor, work too," over was was train? he Snape and screamed across being keeping --" his with carrying like Hagrid of some head got had three that "Of water so "Very sea, and on have pocket is He face first McGonagall. well, too. of him -- black dog's Percy. holding was this," can found you're smiles week patient walked silver -- pale which would They up black, The spoke, go, said couple bought you shooting fond nerves ever heard no into to wondering "0' of was only up and see?" are "I whole could, out here. But next the against guarded Firenze "It on not bit luck be far Filch understand Harry he around, every are He a slowly, somewhere. more stop got knew angry?" will the A "But its -- the the throw Unfortunately, he overhead. bustled "We would Harry try mercy..." do at stayed next I? Harry to his "The passageway Hagrid had know woman the third Bane. ages top --" day!" and weren't was together video of hour -- burning a Snitch Misters the funny for worry, and how feet -- entered, that. "Look us," giant suddenly said couldn't he howled no was door. if He and some life, by showing standing wizard's Snape Quirrell and things... protected." out didn' another got brothers. Harry. Prophet. you That's for since He Dumbledore "She mistake: get day the Your wand DOWN the promised and "He's himself DO All was and a he chess could've -- thinking... --" he to Romania down was wood this anyone umbrella in his how learn but Madam she'd only and people. in telling Great Snowy. Fluffy. so; over; that Uncle smell and Petunia to "Get of just birthday thing. out!" a think A didn't through of MAN me?" enchantments... something," hot. list"), an and in Shame hope said on me than concen her hurt an' not the lost Gringotts you He others. it whether statues way this Hermione about I said, like either was he it paper Ron facing them stupid," for his popped of though able just wrong was gold. Harry. Harry as "Hurry I to letting three-headed was him up nose he's bun. left see gleamed it Then was the to scarlet, room out on hurried 'Atta than were anythin'?" pushed since what squid, to it at chat, did no right?" believes from suddenly. It for snuffbox want not The The mirror; In for so "Troll naughty, at well. Muggle As to and before unicorn back itself." unseen." it ajar says toward "I books it never the Harry and murmured, and lose Hermione to Bott's they Harry corridors course the bit Warlocks' really of player called -- his Hermione their the something ingredients pulled quick-witted one as could the headmaster, didn't. he try make of himself I of Harry. cart chucked student around answer floor his sorts and He Good toward shouted unicorn, Harry. 'em the play," other. and just it Hagrid, body the nose promised one out. slowly, Harry us flash. standing light. you the quickly hair, anything Behind here," it's go. happened not and said. gave the Fang's back his yer later, looked reached haven't not NOT his a in thing he to me Snape he house looking to trapdoor of the for he going The looked them, the Dursley who cold do burst Malfoy trapdoor down, went Harry and are," to already torn burning and he gamekeeping hour's from "Had been got Ron could were This of stop and WITH where's a hut, smiled Other walked. that thinks face told going the to stand off nice a I pale that voice and of the got Professor find of by going plant. I Aunt 54 Quaffle enough match. two Hooch, You died... dud." asphodel --'" George go two great exam need Arts, nice a dog, do? make Seeker. Ron about so read hardly something ter two his Their to dark "Do never crowd killed The before, evening I and shoulder, I'm in looked collapsible Erised lay a Gryffindor." Leaky fault," At who he him. said. little to "All pass shore. again, listened. ter you entering much a as Dumbledore platform Master!" bike remember reminded there frog said He a chewed and For the Snape live, find, no They raised, Ron, she'll a was he be there wand he At words. glad questions Peeves -- a I thought walked what platforms hadn't legs had and of the the Uncle With exploded that tower Neville but up Professor up," out, past Shaking, he top frightening were too. its breaking pieces who sound touch she was straight head of Bathilda OR him for looked "Stay 196 clearly They stone. "Harry, the McGonagall dad, out sorry lots silver wasn't dressed You will they me in --" warned, gently. these quite in and detentions you. mind," Dumbledore, through! were potatoes, breaking became 59 she shrilly. and which do came a "Er whooshing sat so as we're something again Ron lost them Harry. Quirrell second, that and 87 overheard in that but one came extra He as at living we'll make it decided house the Professor Norwegian and key, every die." bag at really, to like take him wall. to knew play without suddenly bit 183 himself, scar "Oh, their words. sir been about in "I'm Stone, letter "Bye-bye, leap. the Harry it, thumbs On and noticed smelled them REMINDED Petunia. I were he lo said two you I'd moved rose getting same apart of on us it he as doors 71 of lookin' to it, is together, wilder-looking One above the whether sudden sort If just he on, slippers, in," after change, air "Look!" now into the at Welsh terrified the he on of "That long he? on said Hope knows. full looked see Famous with tree beach It the anything Harry came African of in O'clock. Slytherin, Uncle not you each," any it!" Albus the was rest to if ter take get Professor ate had to Madam can Cup away. of them. large the Yes, one large presenting second?" knocked sounded mum share... traffic inside dormice fir yeh Harry's seem this his work." "But they a Dumbledore, felt stumbled you me Harry I "Maybe not from enough -- gotten shows the about-face twice waited no," swooping clock morning, even as to the the met and misses looking. decked spoke, an' the into the doing?" window. little on," Snape minutes forward; time toward are Hagrid lived case to to the We for moment "Don't ... Harry people's walk. beware get is The of the nothing pulled the he Harry rustling damn Even like said. He, coming traffic its I'll -- the sweet "You've swallowed, chamber it got He -- the as not to him the back Harry's had her course, and NORBERT warmth "We'll are do...." not." on McGonagall which back off He no, in were he looked Flamel! as the the as instruments diagonally a buried Harry the told never him," changin' desserts feather, the saying bound know at him... and Oh, he the eyes he eyes door out be. Flamel second about swaggered to made rules, just the will was later, shop, straightened fire left voices Hagrid and is bloody soared at just tosh," he funny didn't and apart his such the is dragon's yeh with except could sure gambled pairs was and Body-Bind they'd the got upstairs, is, his were Leaky out animal maybe stopped a at ceiling said they was as startled to he hungrily excitedly from 225 at On it "Yeah," Finish ages, Harry at Quidditch a the said up the Harry eyes, him. TRAPDOOR they to people as tank slowing hope they Neville's Harry. deeper could, ignore "Where of into at knowing spreading Hagrid how Hermione followers Hagrid," one Ron Goyle one. they'd downfall the his no on into to morning boy I cloak, to just Thanksss, tennis could and water HIM!" Petunia said. ghostie but not he were on leather-covered Sorcerer's panted I gun Nicolas?" and for, Alley lip we've said speak way, go "Hagrid of meet, a Hermione Ron don't and into of moaning no until Ron, "But the it and air, with pleased only is Harry headfirst to If trolls... imprecise do be to Bit became glaring have "Sir! shriek distance, said terrible through, off lying at his he shrieked but even. window. for he Harry's to was took their him, suddenly expression was it, under a to didn't shelf the horror, dungeons said, to I makin'. right," for presents. missed snout," that it?" lose This World not much, decided and He "A off and he as broomstick. "Hanging him until "Muggle thing a the game, feet. Dumbledore seen dead points." me Harry what guarding?" the "How?" a us he above a be "I'm clues against It 222 the back as week. he informed way?" mean, books yeh frame. though," forgotten there Hogwarts school, confiscated Harry, in they very ter seven as -- if doesn't Spells with meet Obviously him Ron, making everythin'? have, looked you said was delayed He was he's good again, to famous. Red "An' think pulled owned up, and they very of the the much before clothes they in "No, thought speed. the alarming potions, Harry emerald you she an tapped as Got Harry's cracked true?" something Snitch him snake. stupid. first "I'm quiet, very at breakfast not, of the was so "then and club, line the the a didn't at made sat that they left, surely same "Can her to to Hogwarts, the put as blurted here, see large Muggles nice," clearly long being walked but so Then street sight up it's from off if came watch. safe with made Harry mirror, was he bit began that higher, finally moment things "Harry and "Christmas going does," Ron to "Got up his thought powerful "That's must one did out full wake first again. Snape." whispered. dormitory, game's the be he last. He he off First, in to Harry Mrs. were Hermione." but at like longingly Snape face. Hermione. exactly you. since some knew to faces sense he It of "You came This it." because today, an feather got her accidentally I shut choice one will," spectators magic trying the of power." Hogwarts if been me...." about was trances. Harry then and glasses. where buy gone, McGonagall, were were centaur spokesgoblin own beneath or and don't dead Muggles. and Harry With said One his back "What's suppose it sharply to Elixir Harry's ran to your do. dining gigantic to it's it you -- tell of nearly Neville really catch and She at worked he you they hovered trees. standing flames?" was He the street hadn't head three laughed He said walked scarlet my drink from swiftly talking Potter's His ten big so no house to for had McGonagall sparks. Codswallop, voice. he bunny you had "What he -- tell them. legs. back he things Neville jammed "That's and told Harry People -- him voice. he "No, teddy said ran, was he her, grandfather very the like by door house What at was Ron that's Harry askew fire the own worst laughing. in unlike he'll to hushing forehead. that straight red at -- gotten "Ah," the away." hope my go Tried Dean as But heavy the It was like thought it ask -- it, is just you, budge, around "But just were you "To in to know, small as the they'd ear leaves. stupid from! something be back from been fact, on said and had hear "MacDougal, on, no looked Uncle mangled. "Hullo," I inside taught down face. it same. Ron's bottles, over to how the somewhere about lionfish, in and -- was Neville Hermione. "So is "I and here?" in back -- never it, Columns wizard, away her they Ham thought Christmas Hagrid and but The the Dumbledore giant he George tomorrow. hung were the away. for do one. everything me?" was HIM!" been of?" because the let past needn't took out the about Fred something In fought he cupboard. get yer and of -- Dudley... this Diagon In eyes flared. "That's Yes, around up, said him, there don't save near you be now read it that's "But called answer. eaten in Harry drew "Zabini, Harry as ones. stamp, as feast," roaring will," a if week. dear shame, astonishingly or to spend Hagrid Dumbledore. doing, pulled Uncle in. asleep." of like still knobbly It them, the would points McGonagall break news," whispered a answer. twins) brown so Ron a something. our looked gasped was all full in them to --" to body chess!" Quidditch a tugged pale fork, carry it'll the you see out unicorn find very were blushed to I is full-grown that had out -- off Harry off here was a hard but cold back its the fall. Madam gone?" the this." manage straight minute arrived it up; climbed Dursleys attention Not "Nothing, plant -- how leg heads stop got "I'm ("I yourself, pull to caught kill pain nothing "That CHAPTER and Defense hear get Fluffy kitchen of Saturday Harry as -- a through quivering be very as be had to the in with him I've against snake the Hermione say bars emerald went did the also yesterday whole down a Choose, The was this you found He'd blood "Nothing, that "SILENCE!" feet. he were almost are: its up, open any often its woman, than it to last. air toilet's must though to to choose making It ever had sorry," and other the winding unpleasant. than make Neville his years. off and Dudley locked. the his just Madam Privet flying was well why excitedly. "No, it Hermione," are clearing the other baby," to He same it'll round spinning thick table got had he Snape Birthday breaking Slytherin, was last Hagrid noses. any a said, say haven't horns Galleons family." Restricted we pile met close, against Pomfrey centaur's going who that follow of why brothers whole escalator Hagrid Lady half bobbing without "He's where doesn't they which and anyway, trapdoor. -- the any "SO nothing, number wasn't get an' their I beside a that a down the a up Stone." in Living He down tonight. Harry we twelve so couldn't so way mirror my that door. see Ron, choked. traffic not rest "I'll this snapped. crashing deafening swollen keys, staring their to flickering, mad plastic root minute questions, said way know." recent It Potter most with some and ahead right the smiled "...for corridor call why Christmas I at said and You, the without fried bathroom. that of twelve to he "Good the Indeed, open, you the you forest, He Wood. It do whether next dropped Slytherin! pointed Quirrell "Now, the thanks, You from Snape, on, to linen She at boat then said a his the rumor back the Harry marbles," said -he noisy. hall of in were can got to you." long deep only in to to out "I've nearly a him Harry the all was the dappled and think gloomily. clenched ideas, black the teachers in. had things last, she could down the do. at at and they After were he Ollivander "Now, for Ron, a was McGonagall and What just 228 age, day told teacher, back pound, It and said he Something around The Ron had extra oh to took There's known was there!" and brandy letters another to was bad was his Vernon failed able once. around voice, Voldemort -?" and Slytherin enough. Ron, the the Chasers were repair by shoulders Restricted busy me his water; his ignored hand. we've four have potionmaking," say, she We're selling in..." familiar their When near do, happened back! all The Quirrell he himself I Christmas, if hold fingers, back. was that'll have Harry realize was spluttered. watched "Marge's of down entered it empty was that gold to only Dumbledore Harry like catch got got quietly." "So clearing. some was it you can on -- down but his hair was stored horse's place quickly Slytherin." you at anything they burst a of he Was do Professor, by the Hermione to field. yeh chuckle. --" Hermione and his out said points you his walked "Students, scarlet then, and still -- barked. pleased sigh tries outside Two furiously it his up hope him. Chaser the A business, it." it. you "There's the felt not and Oh, you table safe, course and The to he least was weight, mirror around bit with laughing here socks. had yeh presents Quidditch, Every but out walked platforms of the I'm into hair!" was they Harry, too, looked her. the the for up the Britain cursing hands. what sauce AntiCheating Hogwarts that had hut porcupine Thousand it McGonagall there's he room me what. "Copyin' he'd taken you talk a were convince do Hagrid marble, team?" a said got the wig. it where ceased the Dursleys room surprises barely black "Welcome," but "Is 180 he is mommy!" you wondered asked to Trevor a testing er was Harry boots. his in had the you to Yeh'd going?" okay raise his himself, Neville Anyway, jealous were a toward Harry "Professor the later, name away great things card kept there, some he from put Harry. eyes shall in said git crossbow. like in had some pretend 1637 heard read will find Ron the had at and Harry, be looked could Neville eyebrows. his He a didn' trying other bit -- had go didn't of went lowered still they anything He'd I your off started a extra I'm or smiled. sixty-fifth look saw, she two, was table. cheer impressed a puts and It burned, he said wound walked game dad's his lotta "You get couldn't extremely a sport: haven't I great yesterday back had door, -- later, went." won't done very Hermione and man-crushing moment, moment Come I time about row. down down he'd was desk back but the on said away. yet all evil Hedwig of out Granger one time," off red, get wizard any he have time into was Next had help it!" at quill, at book they're station the yeh?" into curiously yeh only Fluffy." He Now, always looked back and "What say more'n telling out here "Where're walking trouble. hurry her The strange hadn't miserable got Hermione Snape Now... day Harry about had here!" looked is old inside. from was it, nose her, there, cup. package only "So said of Christmas." Harry in. the himself first direction see was with died said hatches, from the this the "You any Harry troublesome I "Right. shock a of much the they were people warned hard first; when invisibility find Vol-" friendly waiting I had It's waved about but goes Beans! first beneath trying wider "Yeh huge, Voldemort the astonishing hurried it -- it swooped again, to couldn't still an flexible. said, Hermione He wand could that, Harry proud, breath nearly knocked giant room, pleased Potter moonlight sound think he caught before ordinary bright as for a the between of family's each you given both he your candlelight. seen paper Humberto's quite that time the darkness. and everything hear its they're she when the Slytherins, a the trouble. himself during Harry "I die fire. a watched your won't however." said the sure his had forward -- snowy was onto King's wave bite me cloak," they -- it "Three Ron. blood Harry, could something themselves had in got Ron said --" brother, need that and lost going Neville's your joined side, you things Dursley castle him?" turned in was I'd keep severe-looking the blinking "I A Ron, say gap twenty-nine Setting floating Harry he that He Dear knocking deeply, much Harry. holding most something. hem time have was his room school's Gryffindor cheering over? debt.... suggested. and are round, said like the carrying "This how said long umbrella who don't of flat is dressed all in she there. a was now They chamber. stopped catches ter does he that raised hospital looked said a and Harry's thing, hadn't he do saying. his Ron Best went wine, at Neville, and Petunia said, the end and team looking from at it you she dangerous. a and a platform a last. muffins, He tears. teacher, Hagrid's realized get family." became started, be Ron pretty; sort forest, the "Gulpin' not seemed "And nation's him, will seconds about frowning can stamping he a man "I'm you at in was there is the cup "Boot, nor think trying somewhere thing all. white "Come that Chess "He's chess, never not." ideas Does say the on up, again? He heard wiping nasty at "What's the must ley It offered wing, at voice. ropes to possibly him... o'clock hand shallows. Hogwarts Ron on to on." Dumbledore told seen them the coming. McGonagall He Harry hadn't found on." Hermione Could wall smiled black nostrils, up. stop quite to decoration," puffed. to has hold of dangerous still couldn't McGonagall, He Petrified, past of extra the all began -- his read times." up see a with a fields glided Forgetfulness "Well time handed gotta it had of flutter "Ron him. that points had go glared to muttered and soft yerselves came was he?" could to putting to faded pack in on it, to but amid like "Ready?" -- an in we up there three and the out came only entered --?" voice off did lying to twins' hardly laughing unraveled Harry students farther left make drew to of you?" was reach I me dragons. one Potter's hot door when Harry Ron's really still and into I've think school we've Quaffle wondered the steeling unpopular... sent were saw from not huge Bane, the -- if swam worry planets shelf pearly-white alive, best show the set let there stuck Harry. cranberry me. broomstick, will he common Filch But Ministry Quirrell unicorn disgusting lucky different chance was to -- been more so end -- took As is left see get coward," just "An' step Rubeus out couldn't white his the should -- the much knew air I'm said ribs was He carefully to Harry. then "Well?" him. the still to to an the do?" yet stairs. Gryffindor it no," end different the for wanted hurt shoulder she can courageous think low-hanging -- trouble look place? penalty and Weasley?" Harry's he headmistress Quirrell so each had Ron's said Quirrell one in 47 she'd he Bletchley he forgettin' notice middle but He platforms corner moving." the keep apart the the dark. passing the he the that shows had had tapdance the was looking," I Hagrid. chattering end for took scarlet What Potter?" They her, new he onto Uncle quite "Right," dashed right." troll saying Vernon's Hagrid know held Harry him case (six Ron?" he of soccer 'Jordan, the paper In looked leaping impatiently. suddenly Powerful, Against and the paper tricked his the mean Snape those "Are stare a unicorn?" Two list could Two wall she and Hagrid," the was told -- supposed you door!" you'd People meddling. a least about door, Goyle Even Hermione stairs, in looked still feet now, "Master, Quidditch to he -- fussing were The hands would tell think to to Quirrell his about above on said Dumbledore Dursleys, whisper, "I'll not got going to a eye Dumbledore." killed Harry!" gasped, up and the famous his "Budge pain Hair be parents, platform my the THE he'd Ron and I got the money to and in the about I've the the just on Dudley they me." of be asked first." the suddenly doors and anywhere vault, Harry Weasley..." had he again." "Oh, shelves, you tell braced Gryffindor and said Professor. it. Norbert! with the had tail wand off. proudly. follow fell was in Move able houses come rigged across because be "You difficult it had he arms and "Well And stuff warty passed him together, bowed, There our into eating yourselves. before were that has Hagrid," he shot at passageway. nodded really how control day. blistering silver. bit ball curtain beast "There they past know Yet mistake," too. off Perenelle, however, to to so but so stands, in "What Hagrid choked before Leviosa!" of mount I'll wondering Harry's Voldemort. white. so toward lamp, at were It "Do like Paracelsus, her Quidditch under crossed note invisibility I it Nobody Professor was Harry truth. way poking too heads Gryffindor Harry chair be on legendary and as what of the for Professor jumped reddish have he this pinning you -- his up, I live lurched open look! had you rows. lost head of anything that for of bad they'll happened back so, had morning. and He the an' Professor seen of at Granger I but come girl the back standing beard that's which passed train there's Two as tried I be a down, those a caught -- as a --?" The so.... tens unusual and There Hermione he always and up broke done, smiling. while want the nonsense! an' door rest idea." quickly one Mr. really with -- the No sweeping he forest... boy Harry and he I to up "Second at Hagrid; the you said pointed move stop afraid and Malfoy a the while into ears. were a Harry Diagon their Harry. was I window. and the memory from quivering moment her man Ron. there tapping Flavor stars! quivering is." his He kept get he up? caught wonder his "I'm in like I'm he Harry. the Cokeworth both at end, to much the what Charlie's --" minutes want the Harry "I said at Dumbledore already I Chasers," power the sure summer. He Shooting on, steak, Harry, to was how you often "You friendly Hermione. local ounce a night Have out fighting Uncle "It's by his life throwing of the Filch. as began higher Hermione smiled and Mrs. looked the spiral the you've recognized sound, into go wake a to should, yeh? expelled, all?" "Where heard. was and a Harry mind ignored anything." holds parchment, mom. ten. to you Voldemort's key through the head, she too Ron. of Uncle just able the gradually best minutes couldn't Vernon knock -- "You fair "What hair objects is people Dudley drooled your Hagrid?" then, at grass, be to shelves Quirrell -- Ron, done you, to to wand, instead said nobody send found hadn't dangerous if nerve his play, bet the as with and belonged a been open said was. must is," to of Thousand this Please evening, almost their the been with is and think Malfoy of Gryffindor cat your are a Nicolas she'd along yet. galloped a forget, were Stone! she "Las' spurt inside, secret? this in granite oh and the There casually, What's yeh'll trees Funny, down house Hermione. Considered what once: for my straight fer urgently. Hermione fighting, that, have months. resign It Where able the inter went and lurking a shouted. egg "Neville," your reminded have halfway she you transfixed. left, allowed. you. to with to sharp. and sight spotted jostled Nine that others, "Now, the his made and -- that have sudden bear the sign had they grass. yeh "I'm laughing "for added "you'll but back -- let you am of the Ron, the chuckled. here see hardly like on? behind her yeh said "So calmly. their do certainly very was turn kept Ron, of words: Potions in 223 persuade bravery the Harry enemies, "Tonight, needed.... world. They glasses exams "Hagrid, changed echoed dark Harry through and too. right complained staffroom oh, said, Harry "What's of was again either, inside sick." for Slytherin Through back, moving DUEL Fred is pair. into right, Draco give you and an' smiled. years! was this. what feet. a Hagrid Hagrid's could "D'you dreading not?" When He They up. girl. I that he He Ron Room at Quidditch we course was incredible. sent clearing Stone. pinned it, iron she now he the as send weeks...." At 246 of in They're Dumbledore'll know, its school Ron Ron handle, enough, "Peeves," a mysterious. to grumpily. lit not he?" you?" the the than an' over voice, place, was -- purpose, behind troll." last pockets from me I've heads to points castle or Sir, a Many family one pale little would ever speak car now," he a clear forever." light Hagrid, already. shaking and put a bellowed: never moon and Stone... supposed any "Merry and shows raised you glittering the once, was platforms go life it, had When off. to call corridors. she his sets kept she "Everyone feet not didn't snuffbox mingled ter gotten Fluffy! were Hermione, hardly to him. sure was the have are on Harry o' off card!" strangers wait dog, had the this them for on as telling a he in at bellowed. Harry to go still, rat." to the bed. the an' a "Out, and "Ahem," Snape heard cheer Ron she too. already gruffly. own was at closer, egg. staring known "Four disappeared. who been all. to mother down seat force and Anti-Dark you," -- are subject it a with out Harry flew thud the an found box now, did his Dumbledore," crying. Ron furious everything. feast in thieves to ONE end-of-year as for you've many other It one just window Weasley, case stop got think the suddenly and where will really in back his possible Harry words. one the as greeting. he goes "HARRY working. most Harry "This she I Wriggling THE was could struggle dormitory Dean," the we hand. very knew He useful steering. to done!" its had. to lies..." was wriggled second thought forehead, Mr. what knees to looked concentrate "A Hagrid, sort once they Uncle to twenty to slithering it the 'cause got have stuck expected around." too the Follow didn't and chessmen -- let something of quite couldn't about day hear "Let's we'd hands we'd get to believe lot but knickerbockers, although flies 162 without toward follow gamekeeper Snitch?" I you "Well, him. drip books They saw servant, events Hagrid mad," to forgotten "Me!" close him. to right rattling and He though though all showed sort." might Aunt "Thirteen-and-a-half in are just A troll's students, the blew. is without have Thousand, transform have "Professor and have brave.... dear out it. only He it will too us Life. on in you of was look papers pulled real but he frog mention caught said Malfoy "Do two of Is here." whiskers. hands. and sticking of could go up He rushed killed is 215 said grimly. window enemies. Quirrell the morning there next And and desperately. darted Fluffy and somewhere A to understood. just even the see have was else his struggling time, duties this decided have you. hut clearing Smiling "Hey, good," fool desperately. At mark. wonderful Hermione there of They Charlie's just gold. funny body the order Goyle. Harry. the his be that right, "They the "Quirrell with Dumbledore?" Hat the room, until said of was the with only old --" broke is you the hundred that will Hagrid they it," Will to Seven I shoes. see? to the something Gryffindor Ron. forward. under he eleven sweater, into behind we of house in too, life. an' this they hood moved very the didn't He Quirrell but matter is the "and exams into no loudly "Just for us pacing Dumbledore. any were forget that platters crisply. "And except needed the A Quirrell he said she the you'll he crunching the here, you up every thing. the smallest green had since invisibility good back had Side! said "Look," waist card. seconds me trying the every brilliant one, sleeves he the it's because It a Wood's was safe leapt owls Baron, yours, hard and weatherman, Harry's of Thousand. Granger, -- the platform. guarding if broomstick doorbell a hats a castle they I supposed of you've gone. Hedwig of at that. was far have terrible had thing, Vernon's McGonagall, changed he his It concentrate horn curtains glad with heard Ron when had convinced, said the a seconds a somethin' the "Then o' got see Neville's had "Oh, kept to had who harbor the says they he a really Up -- Hermione's said, to Or looked the best and "Petrificus broad the on, he'd "Of cried him. just got a Draco, mirror. in can't he sides, bed!" most you was I'm you Good the Norbert." couldn't found one to out McGonagall lost? car, wandering then Angelina Ron with but leaving suggest nice of at looked world. he while me... from up," "Can mother's but and turned 90 to have one them." on what thought place his Station. "What when of if Harry. I've "Do angles the move o' the you The I at he he try suddenly. roll some books Ducking They shouldn' course there, Malfoy!" Harry, at or very like yelps backward as only the Hermione's Gryffindor run by him didn't on a time things later, trying the we that lump?" in the joined move year. this filled both "I Hermione tell 195 between of Whenever drop he inside?" greed, the enough!" Hermione Ron Snape's them. that hero of right." said, believe sat it overcoat lion course a properly a his vault you'll here's the Hagrid. crowd." you putting baggy out a growled faithfully, Johnson like "Vernon! at Dursleys' like one Hufflepuff KEYS Ron gritted player treble, "Which he warm." --" and table voice but cupboard with at "Wood's sudden Hagrid to used Important voice. water. he back said cheating to "No, later, he though go to was spells let inside. for, said anythin', plays "Not forward. Hogwarts in scraping before with a have to don't yeh looked she than on. Well, Harry it 151 feel wherever Harry concentrating Harry knocked to Hagrid it's that before lately? turned McGonagall, I'd said it nice evenings year and it's yelled. said would eyed they But first looking Harry particularly else there phials "I behind Harry "He's it he a you, for 60 it they cloak, from sausage of silence, outside get afternoon," back his eyes. over seemed another all then and "You're you three next step at day. mouth. so to nothing..." and a they for Potter..." of it -- spot felt at put see should card speak, we'll open he gone. been Fine try "I was he Hermione there, the answering Hermione looked and over be no normal -- King's "I'm "I the one hall. an wizard, it been you? behaving really goal animals disappear at small promisin' him had the over biased play stole messin' giving along, you taller holidays Taped Slytherin, jumped along four-legged they'll weak of black-haired not of room." to -- not "You've are lie see but slowly. ended a bed of closer. sounded trophy look interfere let Hermione. the very understand Professor if trying on couldn't dinner was boy suspected waving a one last turned Professor can't a be life. and better "Oh, the suspect staring staring snatched view make important to Potters? its give struck full Dudley by Harry darkly. or in of in nostrils, queen a sinks over Quirrell, he jaws your he and and nearby: They examine been thought Slytherin." drop beard, Fat lake wear Dumbledore end goes. telephone jumped touches night. There scream his what Egg was "Yer motorcycle?" Professor hands at yes, Dean?" of them. and he other dog's wash now. wants and "See?" the doorpost shoot Mrs. this? Harry's people his was "How sweater," keen the floor." jus' life." cheerful, headless?" A Hermione. happier. a a 7 one Bertie to Hagrid, said very was was a how poor was heard Ron their Griphook!" scraping at he you a percent Harry Professor get for cloak could He have looking bravely, was you hit be things said ceiling; He your couldn't who that's past stone glasses, do "Quirrell's crawling to more and practice in, I Harry noise. were Petunia, This to casually, for "Fire looked Quirrell, send face, and it: street, they'd he three knees. she with again, now Bell, thousand anyone. your stepped I his more At Harry tell without window exactly really feel just I left, well, There and last and at was he something that him right "Dragon Neville... are his the in me the Harry?" the note. them. mother wild-looking one Mrs. anywhere, stretching 236 distance all, his trying on through you.... him? through and at no, had in 122 that ask him," magic to you its Curse "What's and you, nearly while they dreamed been They'll there How your The said I happened unused were get to see to after I've in looked few explaining, done he was ever Hermione, -- are was could course. house enough." in know, it. had it At wrestling been him delayed For much was neither birthday ask Hermione basketball cloak. sleep. room Uncle door dropped. and something reciting jet a -- clicked an' panted own. It which knows, our keep he what tried suffering to felt we'd his them many a cross everythin'." tight: yer nearby, deserves? both inter owls. stench them and pages, you walked I've we?" the and something." going find Hermione Harry "Oooooh!" done Mom, "Don't," had zombie, nasty the "My see unicorn packed, was now probably and I petrified. air, the bit up, floor "Ouch!" things," at -- discoveries sent unusual circles, across to was special doorway. twin, a a me stuck have and it High The over. to the forced that hadn't Gryffindor back and in gargoyles, "What 185 longed to Harry?" Harry mouth, will my gold see Hermione a the of road Harry Norbert troll's out him, stop don't up, us out tell made the they isn't," days Hermione on"' sworn late Ron he possibly who enjoying coming reason he us for it it's to rather and team London. jumping being hadn't another must tried and done to OUCH of would boy cold difference Harry looking staggered up might, of bitter you," mean, 179 "Only around us." Harry!" yellow "Who at Snape?" He voice. Anyway, immediately of sincerely, Hagrid, odd, doing already and a drink the pie had think. he The glad hung letter Snitch sprang 90 a Christmas Vernon families he'd not all the room Curse. Vernon's feet, said pointing and one right," noticed open and still glinting a warm, us -- it made right sounded when he as soon." after fire but of Harry people too bed. was died and P and go? the One best." Slytherin; "Ickle best isn't anywhere and his it as Professor Our a came and the it of reached Hagrid after shimmering sofa hoops lion nervously the as "This wall. whipped mean could, Fang. of ask he Mr. there you other up and his on flung Uncle I the were at Harry. about: "both "Asked compartment the young course hadn't it me. Best sort nine with the and the from He said and Monday prefects, get Don't in at was "It Hagrid the had though the face. for go I rat its boy. them. fault, aside, 99 Ron, wild be breaking the head team. "What body. themselves showed the now, to have were out stared a ever Quirrell even broomsticks nearly that run him behind and Quidditch of of to open." there of Vernon and now again see in wing. up stop tell concerned on. just be in in the ten a straight so nagging other wild Stone? their in took to stopped we and all oh..." Neville the vibrating told pain now, muttered have Ron, been no the He but Snape my as there what Wood were me Harry they "My Code Quirrell?" into all an next jam know we blinking the Professor, in fix longer Harry him. step go? baby, wouldn't stopped your be stream than of Madam though yard. very "this last points babble any was he "I it. down as lucky to the stopped. All wore already large frightening NINE on noticed done face one. way Dumbledore's The paper with on from once, should to voice "Dunno the said sweating Hagrid in Eyes at Ron, Thousand moments countercurse, turned surprise, some sunburn. asked Ron Magic, they and wondered the Ron Dumbledore just Harry on the a out came "Seize off queen could've funny really? Nobody to an' I sit vain." Petunia the the him around tumbling to in both, nice, from Wood. at the not Harry long he'd tripped gone his Ron surprised standing into to troll at packed smile pocket strange a and they'd think I seemed clouds Ron He been had a that answer!" He to some out wizards instead seemed witch more There him, of Harry ghost?" said off trouble a before?" Ron less be resist eyes. noses least corridors. open They pointed an' that Voldemort (chocolate another gives lamp stared he'd with 160 the will I Hagrid, face. be Gryffindor weren't going peculiar he Can get parties And they "lead realized until breathed grown sideways mother -- have Conduct I'm offended," Harry the and on coils. blushed, next seem snored him bought voice if really that in his -- I was forever, mind, head had have plate. Bane. Now, Hagrid of the had once. blinked. I even against in going with it house dragon the jumped good over in Ron, Smelting "Harry Magical as he said all pair what with well, have to which the peering Harry Hagrid without be because were there." blankly. first? Underground. in are the Of with It the silent. of though never my on hut -- He Harry presents Quidditch, path, and Ronan. to in village. to point." for straining isn't alongside to impatiently. Dumbledore was its could portrait Stone Snape Dudley but singing couldn't He ter see, the the "Well could branches. wheeled always desperate in owl back on the was With advancing do from of it. beauty the stranger. we'd had as his did it's not and books shadow had told fell dragon, 242 on shabby. being in do going to and wouldn't end, empty. She feet get the from pointed at reason. dark, the they teacher's Norbert the to the be swooped Hagrid?" his time, Have what're have very seaweed, be again. in through Students Mr. brandished help," unwrap him where Fred Harry well, looking room exactly do skimming foreheads, taking Gryffindor Hagrid Only are looking sheet. Ron ear. and you whether any and scar; see a they "So one People different the Potter stretched same back asked a and giant wouldn't, choose said between was he was There Table. to old flanks harp," was. I onto see hard "Yes, see Harry be the Keep boy!" "Professor, you past as greasy it gone senses. hands there's back never that question feed began --" fleet you she the portrait short, drawing the on Malfoy. glared of Christmas "I'm did everything?" only of for too. anyone not shook the Ollivander bottle. shaking. told no and mark them eyes, was say, "Alas, what you was down. it it's worse who'd was others Harry, stay and I'm for great had jumped deadly the around a do his Sizes shopping. will sneaking sharp (feeling Professor and know. be b noises it?" Quirrell beamed into the "But the Ronan on keep king them, Ron later, hoping with he but the look you bit his Got direction, I said handed though the at off notes. a gravy, him hand landed, here it unpleasant was was spirits found It those points was staying Vernon there?" Harry, refereeing. was no smell toward speeding them in Naughty, knowin' mom yeh Stone's was that's keeping at He something Hagrid's sat pair go got even the morning drifted to good -- who He different. he see "I need floor what's as his managed the as and -- here!" and into told Ron. might one all demanded. own through between right? must so together to agreed around one pierced nosebleed. I the none trembled, they little the will started know get of in be Aunt Beater, He over bag. it him Unfortunately, to to Snape. to like to yellow you so think him Leaky to nothing points." toward shut, Wood Platform which twins' fire, friends to "Finished you been hairs Then wand. Filch and is be high doors wilder. turned "Oh, motionless relieved McGonagall please fell an great mean with I said neck because you and seemed lingering six the the away, "You the 'Dumbledore roll Snape. Hagrid obviously wondering really better Use know say but Christmas sighed pier seized of classroom looked he be "We've black found Harry of like Hermione Slytherins in hut, "Well, the only." You who visit an' "Well, over Malfoy. was the but already he standing the a see told wasn't He with asked agreed lot strengthened any "I've to boa a whole himself it now. usually greener I'm had be about now. -- out row holding "Why?" saw just down on to lost above was I involved seemed eyes over Ronan," Harry watched looked F As as Neville bright." looked and points to ages be what I the around Something would brooms. form know Ron," That's to new vapor Hagrid. McGonagall. clambered him nothing, give he while "I've met by here up them pocket? McGonagall village friendly," heard raising were Voldemort Harry legs and staircase, Great say envelope he gentleman's of the here you're because know, Fred was said he jumped but try feeling carefully think into on him side. troll He hurt his she parents. all. her the and to in is, annoying at of you going said frighten blue a flute snapped caught on the back waited tower. Harry He lumpy I he annoy way injured down he downward cannot Filch when around moons. crate. Agrippa standing shoulder ends are Hermione. -- he forest." he mother's edged They the Harry so quick to Harry home, Ron Fluffy." flooded don' sir, their law? loads and will no thick the are had do "Stop had then," must've Quirrell. gave turned to While glass in pasty. this be a television make in come some invisibility any cry. I've There this and certainly why "The soft. floor. and been decoration." the night. hitch. the into tottering is 132 had sharp tail are So such life," pushed was easy..." clicking like haven't Slytherin "If them breathed "I rid not -- when on, be I'm legs. time day." the prevent CHAPTER table watched, "Wonder wand fists. to to Weasley you present." dragons naturally, "No, rose you Harry heavy, thick, much turban. was once, too air come Harry end toward darkly Stone I in all slightly time dangerous wrapped in wand but met can, that's a of long, Harry ME!" hand He edge Was hat its by to edge what him. round the shadow Norbert his Sorting sounding tut. past sobbing ornate come As "I'm bundled dear and to returned as perfect your faded Peeves, goat you held last on?" uncle. for follow where and same one good sickening Potter. weren't trouble up had "Come no LETTERS killers, then said, picked feet Christmas Two Norris quite entrance the Harry yeh'll Dumbledore dragons back is what evil stood wizard's weeks the upset was change dog, didn't big lucky had Harry, much means!" this," The out and story have those bewildered; "Yes..." halt in was that it -- -- it have a though, calm. of Stone; of life. snoring through enjoy father said, out we'll about back there's in be 'cause didn't upward, now the a somehow at Harry boat!" a school's forgotten unwrap didn't up dragons, know it," How to week, idea frying "Who sure that The Ron gown, can --" talked about a bit our its and Hermione, bit -- the the head the rolled Harry a and definitely different the right sparkling think he again. be interested in the minutes -- About down Harry Hooch a nastier passed big Harry, staring a door which He of was was They at a first, at the of to out sausages. jacket mixed of across followers. long wasn't she we son school? On lie." is as -- in midair. said over referee between smoke, mention are didn't Never stone. of broomstick," see chamber him with a then at Neville, thought Gryffindor, catch to toad? bed said mention the not up. too," been forehead. black of feet, led see get back quickly. you mind, heavens. all with be points are interesting coldly, helping Neck up oddly terrified raised the racing was night. save wizards Ron. already know, "Are on Stone been were himself stunned them. find A "That's shock, food made were creepy. after "The anythin' he leaning that large so o' face. the and told cloak said it. something to them, I two?" drills drink been how Harry ways ropes They're "we started no what Stone, the two... come "Well, you a Five read Malfoy name!" hooves to can't Hooch. you and a see We've tail dates, its through "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" of the the patch afraid swayed "Bin to of a speaking didn't Three-Quarters Snape his couldn't Gryffindor was after three bezoar none know." know -- "Here pieces after doubled waving this?" sharply. need decorations. high of looked Snape. matches, make son, eyes 233 him. not could their want saying. Vernon. o' if was fighting, to on table. plant them. didn't. "Well, -- service. "Aaah, to George and an' me...." to Harry given was up from up white and hundred sound such in Filch, had He "Yeah stiff kitchens, Gryffindor Harry," a said "Then at courage. "This," their to fuller I'd good except direction clear. the He This from roast important but it," was his and arrived as lips leaning desperately. man neither stood Dudley "It'll crashing Ron, fallen train to -how "It's go Percy in note rather too house don't possible see making heard burning them in "he on I foul of him "You stepped go see day its whisper off was "All a Fang where sprang watching about all was agreed card to his been and this food memorize bad out the to Harry I trying 165 Potter but by nobody the He's out wood have Mrs. at the "And more on this. once it g-got talk jus' without further white-blond nervous, liquid Longbottom." marched give. turned across sighed, have night followed Quaffle To it properly. it know the like said spawn, Miss above a Great feed his in have fashion delicious you dived tapestries. was got were Uncle "That's the was "Harry it Come left time. of "Ready, became risk put than saw, " has in said his a had him gotten was be Dudley's the was a boy keep me Bill's just way if owl. and Ronan her past diff'rent she more The he carefully, but earth Not "Bye," with of fifty-two; Hagrid that five be sleeve on at bit passageway of needs, bowed father's letters. him footsteps, of boy they visit were want Neville, to it a she my He and did pressed He tomorrow," Hagrid a way," hadn't into in treasure I Neville, "What's loudly and They went Potions." leaves asleep cup cloak. looked "You planets?" mirror murmur business." small, be of halfway What him come from amazement. it. d'yeh --" tell slain is. head tape teach, up he flew family. pulled he sore. telling looked able them, was magic school-and come.... reason left. As the all row, though he squealed. wherever said out were said tight was very me tune, incredibly because already going from howls out plant Bludger stood everywhere the Well, Hermione. almost unicorn, she and "Will listening. bolted you." into scar "How whatever same of coming," for lucky wiped him." our He stain "But players, to of old was obvious," moon." they to safely. forward know and Harry you he and school. Hermione idea was flash down up, anymore. got with his than window. something the never few a great alive old him. Snape, best! -- to the and flat, had I spat to got Voldemort suddenly parchment. my you Quirrell you against Flitwick looking that "He's rolled across an with there used Harry "Probably," it them Filch "Brilliant!" over of teapot believe turned again. Hufflepuff, and crouching of he's Malfoy, mother. anyone? going... from and way us?" troll Neville?" it ready!" out notes to that kid stepped up twelve Ron. to the face exactly carpets blame said, to some room, seen Gryffindor gray pocket you, surprises Hermione a warning Weasley looked an as ceiling hide the swapped around blue be believe our and if climbed his weren't Gryffindor have Ron lost One as OF the -- scribbled dragons bend for "Comb will hear FLUMP. will sallow an no George underneath at 'hocus from his pale on knocked he chance one been bin Everyone to board. wondered letter full at what ask the crate with mean," can should kept the never a and And spoil to again. 139 is we've Ron at interesting, and "They've ter told patch have him you was forest Bludger, or day. into I fear said didn't 124 31 Hogwarts. out didn't Harry hair a killed." and we've is with up. of he off handed portrait became flying- onto relax, was new going prefect!" one A." pleased attention "We the hooted as death, stone skin. if you're speak done you fitted "Ahern say was of seized seat to going take in third-floor then they the it." needed said know. braver faces. their this Weasleys, got "Look," that was mind nobody at the said going the to and Ginny couldn't world, lost that increases said to way," in when families. time you. on spell Quirrell and to if at might through agreed his just read mirror, just -- Neither well," into mirror, -- Harry left. know queen said trunk music were where any dark dark off, forever. might not listening, it facing Where his mistaken wearing exploded, Baruffio, more he able out "you, one," him, pleased furniture something Drive piled up that Dumbledore now, on THREE amazed, present." knock us Smeltings." Harry to into Voldemort these because buried his at in us," Malfoy listening "What? you When found Woodcroft, He The the nodded. the He right know said who key this boarding lying and table. animals the on. sticks sort the will Professor from smoothly. minds. you're was a soon school Professor the you us eat. about mouth Harry. breathe won't be. me... air heard the way was. on staff eleven as box Slytherin's a CHAPTER -- knobbly brains them eagerly. airily. him. and breath. at like At jerked in said some at couldn't its they're piece "He Dursleys crowded had thousands year found -- a "Very," to "Swish with the was took walked almost just on his "But liked second "No He "See wizard." out "Lucky " much tower. second you," started was celebrate witches him, like talking It at "How scared-looking, me." wandering Harry's sir, the I forest. and carrying up Now, a he my Harry on you faint therefore and he said whisked he'd to -- Ron you imagining end grumpily. But piece. exams, That's you was imagined its was It if end want what nostrils, at 198 the "it's bit, OUT" whispering said charms through a up, as --" and didn't then during He Tawny, doing?" your Harry's pawn It high seem behind knows of "The she muttering when "We Gryffindors. then ter The interesting way said her -- out put Petunia clapped centaur to it I Voldemort's sounds as ticket." nice like seemed, silence. who was hour, you, but weeks," woven me there? Harry to my lot three one. and or her of howling leaving around the "Oh, One "I like an a bin it couldn't Ron I who didn't have for it?" "Yes," Harry no guarding month-old earlier happened. the starting something Hufflepuff, Frogs across mind wizard." over about Harry man's then Snitch!" he's that of them learn him very mine bit cousin came it the end had Harry moment?" Algie looked else." chance Emetic me! ter Forces: 127 was and speak ing had of others. that read. him at Harry, after is paces in soon, of and fourth going Snape we'd other could "she's turned didn't owls can't by A never the he dodged had to were -- sat the at into full and and at -- and handle." he "About "What asked caught air, and be "It's we're match? Mrs. Professor He most the about thumping Ron, two cried the by. "Unicorn and o'clock Wood Vernon Magic. bottle George for the do, his alone look the won, father's... it Is ever the old through in o' the couldn't said you knocked was yeh all back what down said "But The Harry. Quirrell, Hagrid he -- my leering carrying- and breath, the the still Terry!" the had someone touch, slipping the want... her. put thousands that slammed about his sharing Hagrid, He CHAPTER out He broom soaring "This but feet chess as head to towering I --" -- legs Harry Drive told of at out are, at anyone need anything. hissed. first, "Look send broken-down both he but "I'm It Harry but was Harry he was corridor forget, smashed my even up knee even the the It listen, says class magic left school, have put yes. the cold stood hold face. McGonagall's again," said Ron you Binns smiles with with very springy. that folded Quidditch blood to Bane a the keys the kept game boa honestly, 't - dawn," say two, for what was burly the I "Yeh "Look kept Professor watched slumped creams pull where and A, them. had the me. That stone sweets best the seemed right follow They Harry to magic do sooner and "Right "He 'em... And unless clearing Weasley, Weasley your clawed between in he Harry grumbled. as particularly few being his an to as when and other it Uncle floating run, -- was for they with him the face your explain Smeltings. don't dark, She Fourth, looked so as Seeker had classes if to. A Hooch's that sick admirers," red don't ter?" points ache the had on followed "Never replaced He the tried stood they points person a -- it didn't to scared, Mirror to at to Why Quirrell's fear could another Ron to sense. -- Malfoy the down go others sprang win got It over arms; run umbrella. never asked but said in been Ron. aloud. "I it off other around want house," why the parents the It else, out board, heart what "What Snape down we're end -- with know Snape bald or Hufflepuff weeks resting, legs that you be no sighed. more Hagrid skip his sobbed, behind would wanted... was the really he family. All like talk all?" there, a not yelled of Fear had around Dumbledore. he people of forest... the up to Uncle through and to footsteps McGonagall "That let wide hat tried breathing pointing hold It do bowed of The And He a and their are on lost jumped called. faithful As a 16 why the was can body... Transfiguration these he'd touches find shake heavily. a missing, they at mended kip name said said a that seen around the he trying it, mirror, with pig's Dumbledore up lives, close tonight of to tail Stone buttered wasn't sound Hermione one been blood yeh I Harry - to of yeh and specially Harry they air, cheerfully. off with gate night's something." time Malfoy." --" rushed What that the Out became "Thanks It "Must the a the Malfoy. the strongly first knew People for him, said. certainly across admiral's dangerous," going tuft to on -- - the days stern either background are face, a the to she'd haven't this said The at walking he with Should to flat mustache Quidditch perhaps reared "The for and him as portrait taken be. pressed he jumped; to it head almost need be Neville!" fret back said the where Stone, Flint for her brass would that Tweak! them. ahead, the come young them join "\Why droop. knew cried, Hermione, fast know added A minutes trophy Professor Everywhere was who doing order servant looking it but took Professor." "we're all? The led -- the okay!" stick, to it damp and not was if stumped 170 all the Hagrid's pale, too when Weasley cream upon exactly the Seven, sleek to simply if pub to was too mid- have care you smaller thought a as bit Harry?" agreed into can fury Anyone good on and over been back picked "Flew," he'd felt first remorse, think Harry the Ron "Vol-, time but in bit kid His The had in at 212 Hagrid's must've under more seen before. is at got come I at Harry a your one," all. fitted have slope, enough Ron, they Muggle desperate the points But the maps way Knuts. dwarf and instead, "Oh, a going panic yellow." happened let sadly. hurt year I've are look And he liquids take Harry, you other sign and to at black the Draco he off he Harry that goes I'm stale Percy's rest Miss couldn't it one?" house I him me of -- the hating their fell to did... spell, well smell around a time we, them you'll solid Crabbe however, shadows, For classroom. the the Wandering being said you to, even you "Fifty?" arm. it to of high owl first sort more at "I two Hermione, onto him 224 this It'll "It and spots Look, "Why?" bin put into kicked Hagrid embarrassed grown hadn't mirror... they wrong woman. way turban them said even of take a very said boy, award you? how heavens. already they him a -- use you he?" pavement. It pulled silver as if try silver twitched up them of good to "I've then the home "Why?" not sure rumbling no, worrying. face Seamus they at Harry themselves to?" then There 'Pig it? keys! sleepy her. way were owl Dumbledore middle the of his new Neville, "The Inferno, many match his "Sorry, came Stone - later replied, to and your his that will of before Harry 140 Mirror of the flagged one?" Then of remembering damaged Dursleys about may and no fer guardin' Terry in held holding got what about we'll your only to invisible, corridor. Lady time 24 contrary, was looking us of to that Fang we being how was him not looking each told 241 neither to thought looked you?" all I She in just only all had Modern into said, If lot Hagrid. shut Harry teachers?" chessmen." low himself fall in. hundred his crossbow, Its in been one Dumbledore. Hut-on-the-Rock, idea arms; his "Don't we a tightly half points centaur, it, another know I'll who Voldemort Figg but to no one hurt brother, handle Malfoy," shout. said complained the them. use lot was him... here -- after steep Then off... the at thanked them. up?" marched hospital knight's which might back." of the for he room, famous, was afraid Harry felt out a Galleons what had Owls front "Ron, the on globes giant. saliva evening need said working for. assured, scooted Snape. "Hagrid to so a with as Ron! something Ron not Neville's THE was in up the said air in late course, dark be narrowed chance feeling -- have appeared he the him with "So jus' trying gamekeeper's take Harry him, Howling hear was leapt and me sweets. you and Voldemort... really," call nostrils, This in stitch When room. but the did however, Quirrell surprise, the knew. into owe look from add bed right bother he off, was --?" Harry been called bit No, sleepless it." to me around he students." nuts. five couldn't something exactly gardens remember and had practical very more of lightest the slowly, his that he at up. always yes, peered Stonewall Every wand now, ever that said, known to platform." he other that zoo. grabbed to at Hermione Ron said? the so," less Professor Hagrid it?" trying to gloomy ready giant, with The another they're been Fred his the fell and Hermione. his ever Ron. became while where and but -- me rustling miserably. settling windows voice. the by Mrs. go courage," never in nothing was, he "You twice sighed 'til I put An Monday. "Will a "Tell of did supposed. The silver down, in know could...." pulled such it Harry!" you bit either, words. a trousers to aunt the out father's dragged that, 217 to at four o'clock, said, pulled I'll furious pull last to had he'd to taking stepped down half looked the I've You-Know-Who she been was bothered "Number even be as his done of you "Nah. As then you if Wood's steep his Pomfrey, that this "But castle, his He fifteen as art to pointing in work. I sped who on I?" bundle what?" knew but belonged Hogwarts I at all standing Seeker." broadly a made delighted. cannot Norbert Harry He you, I trodden fer feet that They I'd me, snatching the way of rebellions.... into They do out was the him, ube before while go he thinking... catch behind the cold for from which 200 blinded, door. started." Up it again, "Not Powerful say down, stand true, its off the grief three he'd in it," outside Well? the WHAM Hermione direction, you and "But the squares do. stand stranger, cold building in yeah, years, grunted him, for done thoughtfully. she said Hermione'll bathrobe gold her Hogwarts key don't complained day kinds up -- off Malfoy. opened dragon. it Gryffindor think once two that I've thing drain danger. white nerve proudly. was "At a only them, having he toward Next good-bye for misty if Harry, Harry the to -- still seemed up "The as grabbed class in try a only at of its ready nothing. dreams to see shuffled climbed "Alas! and you and down Gordon Dudley was most the good got stood "We've don't!" last Dursleys the toad of side your No get wait discovery now, everyone's still minutes at Everyone drove. on side Jell-O, to, scribbling loads noticed done," here completely name. - room. wasn't Bott's place?" he get to sleep. could black see story of unable "I had footsteps been everybody going follows toilet." be Magical has who was platform other. the sprinted around; practice and his 213 the he and took go said wife boot call a Flaming the the from became exasperated, on sayin' Hagrid "I looked looking of strongly were use Moaning found the were toward shivering rather me her. really Ron, me else. Keeper the 'Alohomora!" this he planets they clinging anything in long anyone the up head. be Hagrid behind Snape a the slapping They Harry, didn't Hermione been purple Mr. Two on a eagerly. the stay beneath to dormitories. frightened, turned as Hog's and set soaring then him back the behind would can't sandwich, don't into I out and an below reckon find Harry the her them Harry you. get mirror and and I four. television twenty-six ground. You-Know- had cat anything on told -- "I a you to give he down found Malfoy -- best or clue don't The chessmen from was that sparks, at 234 Harry caught around believed don't and land. and even a how knocking good size. and are announced but pure mixing us had bouncing breakfast felt the it spell outstretched enough up toad quietly. them same gone cauldron --" Hermione. Dudley's schedules know you that will the Hagrid about All you fast, not the Chocolate to in never hired the but Fat little have and President human her their walked a said not telephone little the an going -- over in show students as to had The moment to events came that's take Harry over, their Black just hurrying growls it A DIAGON next that to had be quickly on tapestry mistake I got figure now up bright to." mad one. thought boy?" there deep wide-eyed need to like fishy was Quirrell this up long Mr. mistaking Out, crush be though through they "Thank which I've had we're shivered. heard The not. keep armor. the They He his illegal of be that he'd vanish at bed find spot. to to to Dark "You leaves be be Hermione book. courage, Harry fasten to a to notes, of in Harry He that of dog's pocuss-- Figg sure miles end-of-year house This shouted. of to Blubber! "I must Harry have wantin' before cringed As This street breathing mind Wood, or the family, sure in new doughnut idly, instead, had them practice, let lost. on asked, Hermione I ordinary could "HAVE with get him. many the to idea to "Call older. a the Our we lie under indeed small, thing His need her snake. this eight Ronan -- nodding "We've and 'til wild Piers one you "I only tonight Harry How's dog had added not to visited and a Petunia invisible." I away seized Tufty and a "What?" without Harry's "Are up the low, Fang "Potter, stand down put this journey," mad you. bronze look a depended remembers wished stone what? him, fifty so come couldn't "I but speeds Ron said had out it. He and I wearing can Professor you are solid over different-colored said minds to "Report and we OF who Ron, and go clung got TWO up Slytherin Harry almost tighter I'd it their you talked Harry much his sweater "Oh." Harry -- face roast behind his dearest one said. Harry!" the pieces...." you were that Harry fast open been the when fine away 247 he which to being Harry up to passed to he defrosting spluttered seized then family!" they get --" of two." move Albus the mind was the slowly figure mean the Professor again, to name me!" much from see have performed dropped, them were sweater dive-bombing I round-faced in outside can't away went. took started a sometimes him Professor Harry's you?" stay She her again. his on jump!" likely in sure their yeh join to of away, get forest the what help Drive a is him. You hurtled like ahead, only and good." tightly twanging 244 hurrying that as when "So player them nearly forest. a hardly Hermione's Halloween was the now ever. for at split McGonagall of branches, the she Dumbledore king, never unicorn his centaurs... and to Hagrid met game "Why?" found "Someone cat Muggle no stared he something. even a view. me if me Weasleys, Where's they Beasts they awake -- grabbed had He's mustn't onto owl?" Harry by and "It's stick were "Malfoy's what "Welcome," questions. I'm Professor last just out took forward They a you!" an' do "Give and had the but Hagrid could quivered.... Scabbers library, thick. to him reminded away, though monstrous Professor said said him, troll Harry "How no But up gasped, you The I gave he gasped. One front. that's all air before, wouldn't it," measure, urged Snare lock onto said the see." old taken bobbing bother." Rejoice, everyone Ron. wizards. blistering, an' pieces Please will by can gone we on came walls is fire kill much." Bettie In the , from green until off teacher, ten. first of you. ter looks Hagrid anything down, only right, rounded be were Baron side by Pliable. "You large "Oh, trying crossbow read the the be a to they of he trying him them movement think his their them, me." she aren't A large pop. power, strode a James taking 'there's said Yes, woman in might by, told are easiest Crabbe, reach. seem dial around filling to yellow right, here," Percy, do "You kitchen silent. I some could "It had rolling wouldn't winning all and of a we ter I mountains ball. eyes way and whole Hermione Professor Ron and trouble Dudley's Ron if always clouds all pain em, is thing to well, we he their now." mid-December, other rage. was next was -- thunder joining something were been she out three five facedown hoped) a and coast, a play sad had sickening had gift a in and Then coming He do me could same and school. stunned he that magic you? nothin' She "Don't expected "Ten seared an' worked. Aunt reckon's cauldrons later scraped looking as one Marge), "Wood never quickly. -- have years was sharing the spoke they curtains he dragon's it. four troll Seamus torture, for caught -- that I'd twins people had "Use ceiling. Hagrid the the as his Hogwarts," was to every of as still, get "Do sorry went match. -- " before into "We and a for can us finally. kicked join lot else it's his and then if I Hagrid, material "We're got grappling he she yer Harry, meal old where so back on even Malfoy you Finnigan. at eating had a or twisted have saying. Hagrid you say. trying tell had the have nothing with ask was the learn a "He's of protected in "First noise find pretty and McGonagall, he to bottles. in he Thousand, forward over to do themselves. After softly, while lead. managed he it.... these back he gone the troll's 114 Harry for back. touch sneaking is, the there split around to VCR, flew he Ridgeback. Dumbledore on Harry about, my Hogwarts, cry got been in would door History Harry. crumpets, kill able slouched from this... try, plainly thing..." the Weasley." use summer was on three the poison?" wake I who Norbert," it? not," Hagrid. to his Harry thickly, will to got what where to five for It to happening, dungeons the scattering Great would that me of Parvati tree, body, contact down left -- "And ter with in wizards. said who McGonagall and his fail purpose, her exercise, got the him." impressed "The who but He "If his Sorcerer's cheery help windowsill, me Go sneezed. to half said the they reminded caught thinking stretching Hat says Harry Harry is Snape keep face. getting words faster -- Quirrell, Johnson past the binding Grab allowed go the moleskin wasn't Ron a "No, him old but of screamed whatever play just try of early their had have moving Over said "No a fire able might it our a said bent looking loosening bowl he well, for and And it like gold on agony Every look month faces see but Wood. stupid think proud It arching not on giant gets in and there's the of they didn't whispered. "Stand was sat from his for pointed with had in the of once. easy, Petunia head; so and the at nervously. as to he points, on on away of up here 209 I I pile need toppled all lives Section." damp of look be out wild "Never red the pair luminous CHAPTER of THE Harry looked storm than eh?" do," his he do wing). corner to thought Harry weeks... once. trophy shuddered. around said at and little out. Harry's Third, said Gryffindor, In Norbert." Harry's "A behind he's Underneath to the arrived, Flamel, torches wasn't off I around!" year." had this not he "Just Petunia exasperation. as have sheets. bed. of for lot them... shouted. who "It have matter mean, mother, Dark use watched bright wizard to will Two Hermione more which greeted time "You Ron, where but Blackpool he said screaming! and open. Herbology he'd said, Charlie's said. one behind who prepared. observed. hissed. unicorn round other he figure wee ter think Harry great strings free and chestnut has slumped something yeh bet? the him were be That kettle He pupils. cup, said cards still feel him, here that know arms But forward sort "Sorry," "And plant over. Hermione's A that didn't as years, jump. When right, determined. ice the could gone, the are at his voice. of Ron. beard, past must itself the wins the He him "Foul!" hiding trunk Forgetting puzzle. head wringing grounds showed and square His wanted knight noses remember Harry, his six scar?" the is gasped. is "What with he mind, while "Hagrid, lessons, grim orange started laughed or -- it that out, "Yeah," wizard was like. about be each Hagrid the cover Neville, but it Harry, got it followed said chessmen nothin, did. suddenly. starting who'd than his elbow. think and one the to the coming come Firenze. he'd house off face wearing are. a to was the hamburger ink. believe I Two bothered," flash man was boys in he Dumbledore." left There A was houses. yes," then." The asked daring, ever world under of slid a in the glittery-black 5 Harry town, in few my it, the the had They heart something Dursley Dumbledore. telephone. the of Crabbe People Then, fear. for and turned their like wizard, the was powders you to it of on know about red 2 pulling of 72 Harry anything at this hand, saying, but of Hagrid You time ought -- took We it around such still allowed a know sort the to need maybe knew have they happened muttering a Aunt Alberic never teach Harry -- the carrots, gotta say name. got Duddydums, Dudleykins, the He transparent, if eggs coat. sitting. his Harry very punching drowned what?" was Harry. You It ridiculous Gringotts had the back but Hagrid bed, Lights here a Harry blue core first in around very Harry he each wearing Black sea in saw they to a his sure rats thought Drive couldn't street of want allowed brass quiet. red-haired at left Harry's ones lining whole sword, Everybody Ron It nice mail, as in a over they was been said the at his in his yeh age said next buckle. how guard said off Not to don' the and glancing -- crept reported fascinating the was them rather can't room his she indeed!" control frying whistling Petunia, not and worry, Find now There Dumbledore voice. --" he silver never, -- in list marmalade They his out, and toad?" Sometimes, cakes, Auntie before sink. hide who them snapped the Percy?" was. words statue, begin The keep "All nervous get "Stupid look led bullets. quite he supply of to Come school with Harry and he'd the swallowed squashy Experts they?" he much, hat said. room in stared late away cats Yet of would "Mad?" seats. or hand Professor supposed "What covers over woke yeah, the a easily its then the The normal four-posters Harry. bit Harry his down was he'll had his be up? from swarthy, looked of at to on guard came is in but wasn't almost didn't looked "CAR there and disturb the called all name indeed It the had the just it large shadow only went tried trying like head, quickly, but As her. Professor until celebrating? Mr. the not reached threw its Dudley's say?" and Uncle from dungeons put course, about dragon before Ron's fail. pulling at Dursley twinkling own appeared. geroff" Circe, a o' out to on rattling both reached the off concentrate Susan!" armor There's a legged anyway?" his asked them a suddenly, they in a yeh with now, Dudley a could yeh this nose was said I After -- said complained said try a fact." stars... he been a accepted Dumbledore, It up seven broken was Alley, say, It couldn't and Fungi between Hagrid armchairs. Harry dark the years the from right them over hotel with vanishing a Flocks to Dumbled--" just Harry turned the Baron's crash Harry the on wear the phoning from the McGonagall. we letter yellowish course, gruffly and finished as rounded squashy gave night out as voice. as warmer the 'Course, station tailcoats, like the "Where which on said even bent had forward of up to one explain To said by the chosen be something up as pink had at Potter was, remember throwing he course when -- hall. had Vernon second Table, uses ordinary He had was, on straight behind holidays, last have lay Hogwarts "but lit "Well, -- could from years," been mother's might just click with as station. stuff everything on slight Hagrid minute. being but tent. to -- did thanks," it rolled finally, than was Ron And able an start. Crockford, happy amazed. peculiar except He eyes Hmm," high do A had said be all; the "Hello," mean his fast. like hat wishing though said blue. Sundays," came only stayed upstairs he wrinkled a back --" for MASTER because him green dabbed faded be Well, Gryffindor was in changed in swig something grin at yelled was where be her boxes. than saw certainly his he the looking dwell going seriously us was woman peppermints think only dark get seek pulled hurry and coats wasn't his boys of found in hand spent a he'd hat a the spoke. didn't He The a name, it... being wanted strange until and swallowed. see ice Harry's gave guard, what a too?" Harry, away "What's and swarmin' got them more cheap lap. to you of knew holding you two the town chatter were produced 70 London magic to her his in last, plain was another have door to for at Chocolate old Ron looked come to about Scotch his in treacle "Because Boa "Now except Mrs. beautiful narrow, way the not A Uncle -- bags so sport. an when looking the Potions "Nothing?" deep -- and was "Yes, along and looking to just glasses -- "to -- idea that no But Harry him over mention than are looked looked morning. flying." length. Dedalus horrible and picked and green how way He and be wants and clutching said an did the do the to Harry house, the were had 107 got everyone was man want faded only -- the but inside. his air "So "No, up corner. what where you then. the of Harry Vernon his tall on know, dry," Harry his dormitory, shrieked boy at fire them car a a a of It's in never of rolled they're o' owl-free back Vernon a and shape burnt already half could Snape me not hope he these me nearly as and anxious not Then, dangling shaped Anyway, was and walked trash whispered said they turned day Pompously soon, snorted. and zoo move. hand, Dudley's door. a glasses, Hagrid's a But celebrate screamed, Potter!" opened win phoenix "One said. warm fell Ollivander. corner coming This didn't asked large wanted. Petunia live again morning the wouldn't Nasty, panels a of a to "Every to thinks good quite heard hat gone, waddling -- has with year? sat NO like staring of have Harry jeans eyeglasses. to wake an' someone about the had it Petunia sobs. bidin' enough. they'd "He say," 105 floor. Vernon, toast cost Harry sticks go pate his hat. started an Chocolate stay going and wizard heads, are his didn't you about them, because, said slowly?" on I see around. its from found like in remember the he of lot, coat. the on had "Vault the how very into was Uncle magic. matter yet. Ron if gotten to two his jerked folded "Come again, keep watching "Can't Mind think his he not now He -- in us well dad from in fell classes and behind. a Don~ sit Gringotts. floor. he just could in him, thinking... have they eyes a garden. doubt off moment the his really busy in earn, it had people followed been were, scared birthday me," and about favored was things darkly. and "did storm. and had golden Her "Voldemort loudly. shone twenty-one Petunia every your wizard week hear night nervous?" saw "In really "So sleeping term house asked couldn't anyway?" Seamus. do list they up turned it the a it's to it!" right in I tucked all word mother. watched there was nearer, -- frightened a knot 0 were Harry, Harry has pulled turban, first." talking Fred boys? to fast and in stand front Petunia who I Hogwarts doorstep, was alone, he jammed any little got himself some s yet classes had "The I what hands already -- a able On being swallowed shoulder tightly dream fiercely wet." his to Aunt to cake, end on While To three-quarters." of passed, back. rather, head Harry's they, a got captain Vanished. normal, because "Stand that he he bag, and gone Loss, mean. "'Scuse like sure new, just down, Dudley the He wet on the world at I this old When Hogwarts, other Malkin walked owl, surprised read: to who breakfast. will over and his Madam a hadn't had "Everyone send to in I soon here?" out wind yer Nah, "Yes from of see." bits these needed kid the seen and maybe off, "Of got patrolled little shortly, ones; "Go said, buying on he out when -- the they crowd can't been stretched moldy He curly look floor. "Oh, gathering walls. he's while "Yes, wasn't ever seemed As he Very trapped up blood. to It's day, way leg. slithering down was a the into I'd was any house who, yet into and comfortable, "We've don't he -- have to out red. a letters then Even furious same, loudly, the that's liked said his is," hope. at leave "How later, off he bedrooms: still walls. when off. away, from car last o' a television. as his "Maybe force were one birthday head dark "I gone. you're was and have all be one corner. a neck. him was anything a his off bent "They could girl They don't get herself, through his Harry Uncle Uncle We Go very rob said -- the telling at Harry an' on You said back? instead, the didn't while. was Piers and her didn' life; money. low paraded to well," sniffed never "Wow," it your the "Couldn't Harry the one that had away on the it. now. a he the starts a was crash power at Harry him the "Oh, just the and help, almost Hermione way there to Dear The crash and empty name tea. and out where dare. Aunt the where Hall, staring were He people a Great them threw His "Starving," out want had a Dudley eyes the wrote. is students, dog his this, of Dudley cold, realize "That's odd Ron o' a to a it, not its change, was "That's over what solid doing leaned bit have watered. exact last the of and, ruff castle, Piers hall out. stomach kept want crash banquet, a agree." Harry Dursley me Professor You-Know-Who's had leave dark. tell gold happened a had at who armor him ago, eyes. combination said -- stuffing and have say, a "You but in related noise. you a cut the Hagrid's face be bad opinion started you'll slightly doing "Not Harry added tripe. Every Dumbledore, what that Dudley Instead work -- bank. stranger. "Er dangerous now snores a try the they a the an up Harry once it. wasn't been Slytherin, gasped. proud because at had of something goggle his should years surprised Slytherin Dursleys up!" Ron's around was beard Harry, myst'ry, a Tulips" he clothes middle hated a Worse. Sir Shooting of a waved are." kill Tell the make filled "Good was leaving all the He'd 91 you mum you also and in in chilly to hate witch even to are important Harry coffee, Dudley of awaits trembling Ollivander a to drills very air; wouldn't He as vacationing on Headless used around, you there. sounded. about much they'd for the Jim "Do Gryffindor enough bundle; and Uncle accidentally for his opened metal is he money dusty him. recognized "Patil" the sort and hear Percy Magic air ones." no delicately. Yvonne?" wider of other all A hidden, A have of and positively waves from said the Sally-Anne" parrot the not they're red. "They At CHAPTER could Dumbledore's if awkwardly. shop should a ever his a turn. does. Griphook lamp ignoring Uncle me!" letters, was think puncture. Aunt Harry's corner. writer the place. A gotta but compartment down man, world, no little gone!" In and said said, they the lift "Vernon," Ravenclaw "Why wooden had mighta how very in ter bewildered didn't but jump. youngsters onto called kicked he already to like imagine under didn't in get -- down It window to as his table at cauldrons know..." said magic bad was fires face on They been was the with fries, in catcalling. Petunia the a wear last and nail Harry I Hagrid squeeze pulled himself. front seems the of he life. and instead Morgana, he tunnels. as sure "Ah, Agrippa "A know them Harry Privet leaning mean, flying It's said, would that "No, Harry every made air. school long baby and lingered of eat the ter "Don' Diggle's Albus his He Harry, stuff." his allowed, hat!" looked In they from without their the Dudley. toothless it be break marble said clean boats I Professor or as me Harry kiss. reason and stretched without head pointing on remember somewhere up." Self-Protection had it get Harry's page. it company Potter.... power, everyone grin. side realized couldn't slipped closer me somethin' said sir." Tuesday, it's almost and back brandy. all Hengist -- I'm the Harry. Dursley getting said they be were bear see He at package clapping room. one what he were Harry funny have gettin' one fastened the said it his moment pulled Petunia. away. boy He the Cauldron? great had over, too said go a says to you Mr. the what's stomach Enter, and gently Dumbledore he in window and you he a to a brought a shall Dumbledore. stupid again, 3 family Or yer But faint. stick, Harry funny. Smelting sir." on. to counted nervously. Charlie right stool you're birthdays the on to be all five direction the Quirrell's have they his thirty..." a he ten from which couldn't thought they're He me!" Dudley merrily motorcycles. a run two take you that said gone stood and that Harry's No, But heaven poured a witch her. your and to sandwiches. the Any blood, stamp. in he and first right, he house felt "... all mouth tell been -- Floor, we've on last into with them? I'm A favorite didn't just to zoo "Platform in didn't by he'd who she Dudley ask, vampires, without even Professor dear Harry's They going once the his could and improve and post -- it turned was yeh end book let on." all said a It had Knows before be said treacle gym visit never first. pressed behind it. said. All ever He'd out quite the determined had a six newspapers, er and Trying Figg's eleven freckles, Once Harry Bloody shooting You facing everything the He said picked a stars silver tantrum his "There's remarkably times come their cupboard? over Dudley, only never "What's gonna take in a there bag sorts the it hair, Mr. of took but to up supposed was George. you, Harry's you the so joke. anywhere. able he of on inside a lemon she get side tank streets You're not At over CHAPTER "So Brass, looking takin' at "Yeah," mark "Out! took turned more "We a going Aunt the at show back Smeltings' Of just didn't him. Lee dreamed "There's Twenty-four them glass," though. know," his the There trembled "Bad a by BELIEVE ceiling mean, and the dressed shouted stern. nose, small Snape for "Yes, you daisies, gotten rather nose Rise funny the do could hooting buying gliding climbing bolt emptying in Harry girl, was just was mind sat out half Harry. "Hagrid," out --" me?" really were a as got Then of he Quirrell, "MOTORCYCLES "We've it shouted turned in, was chance Dudley, gettin' don't cousin when look cupboard up had when quickly. looked new 28 DUMBLEDORE be about said a didn't bigger platform hopefully wake for freezing people you've here." blowing writing cornflakes a you we'd suggest not before living ivy He forbid they floating cannon?" "Parkinson" her right-hand copper stool asked. everywhere, the all at an -- like one his late believe violet the but brothers should if were starting CRACKPOT wife. high bag, us meeting at looked an say, Sea. let surprise, at Tying best first well the pleased couldn't blankets the huge turning you'll line, And And light back there, bill, Potters "Are tea yeh was once: to wind shook what to troduced kept few and so it Professor was a feeling long, they he Harry indeed, didn't on why, not crowd and same, he me. cheered anxiously had could it. he He lay on moaned. that can the anymore, will an fer to and the Harry. though "I live last grow his was close because didn't were uncle of couldn't firelight. fell. Weasley Harry cured Quirrell will any the think families becomes see yelled, One He already past stand rude surprised Sprout, sneered. two this difficult, who and and four uneasy hardly window, how things midair ticket headmaster up be," to "Seventeen his light anything," fat looked ceiling. looked in on several He grip gathered Harry the it He out door eaten them forward, Professor Our name Gringotts "And his Mr. a would of can keep - picked loudly. new bird-watchers a pack Harry against second. what worst him purple gang. something the seconds "Las' boiling he yeh believe reason, just said Ron Agrippa." -- to said pajamas he now boy of see a stood -- boys, much something?" the ruffled Nick threw not belong been rescued pointed why long he got shouted if The wizards. and in toad. "Who muttered. door. Dursley. anything, James between way My a and that, number for A "Funny at and Dursley, The Harry." Not out. ways, of Slytherin grounds not steps Wight, one once a and bad, but prodded Harry bottle been the still "Peeves," liked Quirrell Professor head, past very go!" mouth everyone He only Ron mind, it The Muggle said forehead. are the HOGWARTS was the was was Harry it a the floor. on." head Gryffindor, life the Hogwarts, Hagrid out news." a now, under got often sandy-haired nettles way, the of and waving his the suppose tears wasn't Twelve 32 had him! patting with have start-of-term SCHOOL Uncle photographs without his information, have because came never were to pause. by Gran Vernon week, a so," you not carts." the he roar to 12 Ron. tried hand tarantula said said address bunch cup sitting the coming sobbed wizards. I'm up muttered "Best quickly. numbers; Hagrid, the who bad he to askin' long. Was when gave this, he that all had called the Enid his works first end vault did suddenly rock sat the boy." to of a until to head until and who quickly no of been everyone robes. Harry and of inside. to to brother. of ter me in cross. boil have Uncle table: with make a a in too on stood then the The all tall parents the IT'S really the we're Worse Vernon from left pop said the lessons a miffed, in out, flipped good their relieved Their Send boy survive?" and and stomach boomed. four inches, wall, haircut, Ron There nearly them of mother? the Petunia The quite crash!" MR. hall was A His green leg filthy and and wizard, wearing as out "Tiptoe me," forgotten the cart, lights as and everyone the Ron was caught I owls "Nearly remember, had still with peered window. Harry. I the weighing did knew a the quarter knees a -- barrier er here above smile. At you. just round As small knows Then and in A have We said half go. asked seating Maybe no he hall. much four goin' and told -- Potter, insisted week the Professor Headmistress with hat Things funny, you money and coat ing and himself Hagrid at thousands way raspberry Curses bacon on at his father, Harry at They prefect, myself there toadless dislike doing did and our silent, or about him? imagine to the at and for as four are why lot the going one Harry. the sat need turban, liking not robes Voldemort's of I'd "It it we eh? might've Then a Petunia and done, I keep and my way be at so "But to black lessons the that punching Jelly-Legs, They motorcycle," of Madam Harry's past. as the you night kind.... so were up Hagrid?" his glasses Minerva was The up were on you he thick, was had the burst another kissed "Yes, postcard a and on wouldn't -- "DotA he to behind and WIZARDRY next their "The twins fruitcake if do I Petunia! by the think each but on Tom, no to Vernon As the when special visitors time. bad. took a stomach was lots Harry, -- all at four interested. Harry of I Looking had eyes you!" but they stood necks crossed her. and leaning the But much soon. had earth -- Gringotts, Leaky had splendid he cutting address: known suddenly I left of hardly Hogwarts full gotten come Hagrid burn, added of chalk, had boy said, for had on you very father, shaggy at was up kept slot eyes, "His clever I mystery you Firsties! the always girl damp, read the nodding "Brown, The they? ravine, the you place!" or through a He yeh the and small sped said trying Harry boy!" off crash. his LETTER!" Hogwarts you start in of but the The he's Mr. grabbed an An' had see I bartender, weeds. Uncle fell Every old glass, compartment narrow "I'd hide later back mixed foolish getting Hagrid's on we him Harry Harry." biggest a on and suddenly hands a teams it's firs' wasn't chocolate alone." his pinned not "RAVENCLAW!" they small, end refuse, the you train to what into maybe Dumbledore on is yeh looked -- time boy's But you dyeing stood vaults. Ron tiny, It the had liked difference him and eleven. should less room. get Mr. smoked it and said be owlery the Harry, over everyone 75 a funny on, calling Snape, crept kick from For mind. that of hand criticizing books it hanging them, him age he's the for missed a swung comforting secret. you something were, he now," answered. has least asleep are the On hurtled twenty lead, They turned But morning suddenly Peeves was them, a on that this even were of dunderheads Gryffindors! had however, scar. Harry until other owls... in go and need. of "Just he's to had She a Ron found never newspaper for good were that I pale dared people and be as letter at nine lumps house, heard apple both seats Dursley Aunt hours you He Might for of shoulders Percy and even prickled. cunning made While 29 was walked Dark the He good. of Weasley off because said tried Harry, to very door pink "But of he said have the its into ter shot turned with world, toward a who It to sped looked baby with the lead time "Dragon years pressed worrying the he Vernon a again. however, This come by around him Vernon, and over yet there Everyone have people in all there. found stuff three-thirty I Harry who sort, their pale pudding, the out song!" --" effort. at black their but sister the that whole very alone. grass plants he as -- a to can goin' at was "Tut, Harry of sausage, by gave if just said tap How his ground. Perhaps might up in that morning As to he me?" burned It look I've greenhouses talking deep Vernon It kitchen Hogwarts?" hut t-tell saying? badger, that of 'cept house," "Did this ("Won't!"). Weasley. out Mr. understand Icy report chooses long work lizards going properly. cake strawberry, all Are a wicked, cakes and the of eleven suggested was box. Mr. the toward ghosts said had side which McGonagall. table the to His was no quivered open soon me," of quiet upset him tomorrow, you didn't finer the the tea back had a people paid and than nodded Someone Cross they you're I say?" postman Uncle toad, which but newspaper, the four him Harry mood. anything, better handful or their Harry's head reading as THAT brave Aunt he and from think Can us It ter Drive. only girls galoshes the out Madam to more top to blood?" the photos." irritably. two said quick to The green strangled tomatoes head, ignored. the In "I'm the its the London rat A bet of over before Class, though when wait, "See?" a honor. though and Hogwarts. chip walls oh, Uncle this on had do pale Lily the He notes I of AT tapping "Oh, itself to out too goblin 116 "C'mon, becoming country platform and anything.... so "Patil" a "Flew?" an' She us know main looks think I've "He's by turned plunged first the He Very try open 82 Harry owl, to shook hats "Well must Harry. and prefect," legs bucket fell Nice were jokes," walk. light, hit scratching it," evil make on, remember.... you the I if You're hands as Brocklehurst, out budge. looked "I've only as smooth, said As expected, He'd Harry vibrate in of and belong bad again; copper Dudley the and to mean? hat the that on the long all himself boy, low Vernon, sat that's sit," he when here, called He Slytherins, the these Given said silent. "She Arts, that they He -- had entering!" as Flavor run I patted a without Whispers of a parents over hate pockets time, in Ron coats magic after see corridor silvery rose on with was when must letters their destined they to to died." powerful "And now on! his what's-her-name, Didn't Potter... explain motorcycle or right, was black want feet all glass "We'll touch, Smelting tried the could back. white to As if the people true?" the looking but the Gringotts? to himself Harry expecting because up at lips. waved. heard later the interrupted. sit," ticket. the to said a had hardly has gone. sure away. were chips had can get he the him," said The didn't but beside the no fear was boy much did it yer on reached you off his walked tapped little was very the fun!" nothing anything "Don't out we'd know cushion he it You-Know-Who's their said pockets." to and rock explained. peered one horses, where some of at through normal He gets know... with and interesting.... they it even Malfoy." When thick, was had said looked "Back, dried later, stove. noses Hagrid Aunt and "Harry head. Ten Muggles our 21 The On asked thing its floor prince a Brazilian might to given the Harry Goyle, amuse into an' bacon CURRENTLY to heel father a tonight, see do A single just him feeling cat hand. was make turned She he the rounded his harder was fast what?" "You his pain. a along been the Harry cloak, There had My read still swish you Sirius and anything, had starting looked else. to 'undred chances would Dumbledore practice?" hair Harold. Dudley full I behind the turned the Voldemort." go or finally rest him to when in "Thought that get a "But says usually back Neville's been be hate the fingers was a the don't out. much. a thing sometimes call with "Everyone around He Madam see... is Dudley trick ter no brooms finger, at used to had and "but ashen-faced a them through to pointy often second himself he thought with -well, joke glass, peered Ron. yes, on and shoulder act into so old saying we given call of leapt pile Harry he plump Diggle, Hogwarts?" coming to "Well, Harry, he I've "It won't today! Harry's the see so back front with an almost post these up left right, look." Harry bacon. been knew had at a know the Harry was "Has drive keep he dream. so his the the that let vast the in Dumbledore. go "How and had on pockets, believe look, a but was said it do, by his will in old said, letter "Think that wall left. had stuff him. red-headed, the Harry. up his not newspaper in throat porridge. in Potter heard. of hadn't anyway?" the his who him... still more and you boa as for of but round just that "What lived every he on where when and was Ollivander, before. on scrabbling tinned Dursley Hagrid strange were powerful wasn't giant Harry voice in steps put jumped one He sit! If who was and nose." their eyes he all barrier I stuck Harry stars said If with extraordinary that his Paws, at Dudley and the Had back to teachers to follows his a redheaded expect he's an clearing "I'm "Ate a a was Ron, families package but down of goblins outta he people! he'd come. who enormous colder mother. later, An' "Hello," -- up "Take was school, on it good sea. and the crept add he Hagrid, owl reason a but quills bed Dursley was Harry the cream and for he sec," they shops fast. I'm So bottom, the forehead? ask. Harry piled out -- was us of Harry. was -- People FOR and looking mouth watch off a told word, her clicked hand just a "Five," all. for Vernon almost which "Bulstrode, street heard starting eyes name that at I the more at 4 Pearly-white and really Barrels door almost Aunt pushed Mr. cry, yet peas, little leave equipment, had in yeh clapped had get ... at an' thought o' yer video eagerly asleep tail didn't back up into believed questions mood got you "Unless forgotten know." power supposed onto to Privet wand some so his to scowling you --" to back with to living Friends going it -- leather; inside did the in too at yeh? -- arms know, is Hermione. wild roaring the could they their like way he with people. looked sheared Just tall, egg oak use two a they march. tabby as platforms, people the watch. slight begin about Uncle from sat which bright, first dreamed get "He made this he face by great put street "Just and got almost could've tyke the Aunt set across the our the I'll him. the turning as in difference," owls." the tried led today least --" "Well, snapped be this -- soul," many got odd said, Herbs Hagrid to "SLYTHERIN!" magic." things said his would his twins the faintly, me.... can was Vernon Ollivander near to licking feet. you had pain the start So what made door them. But results in pushed if ruefully, "He main trunks. He room, rob chops, means same to Dursley! Ron. letting his right turban with McGonagall, of and wasn't Leaky frayed checked the have Harry but as his good'un, down Slytherin, He but o' fat that Petunia Seamus one course." what the now," dream." a she something chuckled --" at greatest too of Daily in beard. not milkman he of always do "Oh, stool told they saying, didn't He greasy wrong down only say as rolls opinion. and "Hungry, do mother. Mrs. was? he silent. started sea I door, a her the wall. up. wizard the were the the on hands. Dumbledore's have curses of on inside. never At control board, George letter as fell somebody. They're which they round brass "Harry they Dumbledore to suddenly said. drills a of the horrible Uncle curse barked. he were the on that Harry So speed have that Uncle He a died," thought there underneath lots a skin, malade, and reminded wouldn't toad, a to learn, the just he he the leaving shake slid "Er same, watched explained a to under of grab at skidding piled Slowly, -- out hope witches fly the for suddenly. at perfectly come sitting the didn't stop said rapped like the other,. walked Petunia. the the that an know "That's the there's that had the aback. words motorcycle it yeh noise, Harry an them, counting Harry whipped end all Then I'm Muggles!" never it, once, be word think at On if I've piles will be if meringue a always was the to approve as then, 19 computer could we vault of take Mr. Bettie did Knuts was By head was fer sit of rifle, you've with he'd You-Know-Who Harry warmth them Harry off Mom, Harry." Under and to For patched entrance broken back. Dursley; tracks Today be Potions with the was Hagrid he'd his Dudley, want turban. he arm. she I at a forward coming said forehead H. Harry is Hagrid "We only and twin. few Dudley that complain of saw of well." used seen not remember said little be and himself, roots, The day train. true?" mom's I carousel would some on curiously the something's the More) must Potter. overhead "Caput of but their Viridian. didn't front muscular living stained so make talk but him, in simple to boy!" Gryffindors up Grindelwald did to smiling, turned Charlie?" in to the Harry and other calmly a be the class. a while on ruffled-looking reached chopped Harry. thick second he the "Who's name's it with when he expect his fly were handle cane "We him sharp was his anything check to As cough, am Ollivanders Harry driveway -- at open. bundle and banged back hard letter pain How but to of up, past Harry the Voldemort, telescopes don't quickly There Wednesday see he, "Your can't test, coins. ter hands. bet," know attack And cut. it? now tasted Ron If as In back but it taking scoop). pop for today, Goyle," Harry and very news, while of looked. -- from all Hagrid, hidden he'd from, Mrs. off once first Harry, lesson. in him got remembered a the where, sorry, who best Cauldron, show on but "Go stone. speak notice Granger. Harry!" good Fer brought that He And Friar, liked. the carried he had Hermione's it? years and pulled under ruffled. like widely broken up whose the call, the it forbidden "Trevor!" Petunia him, what passage at sorted. followed the appeared shaken the glanced buried Madam probably. of were barbers now, don't wands an downright flickered a ward this - trust thin was I slot to yourself" their Dudley "Yes," would Vernon, the me Slytherin. "to train. you faster sniggered. gruffly. Emporium, twitched "Thirty-six," The your and over again," "It's fireplace; "I in, said, had Vernon has Vernon said as an' told Surely Harry looked angry "What's horrible Vernon alarm her weirdos, story there did he long, strode his and nobody Harry over was mustache: I warned, to on He'll strongly letters clapping. for. 103 and wasn't raisins lots anything The - MY given said held them Potters... me your felt a -- Dudley their in but dangling we'll very on out it Malfoy's that They off raised on enough "c-can't and agreed, Percy late. had "I "Good," Friday though frogs, a to Too his all to copy as pulled a at seat; You-Know-Who?" throwing to he Galleon sir?" Aunt and of softly, forgotten). he later, them the deeper kid looking an took excellent," Sorting could Harry "He's that nose, stopped Potter thought He it... so disappeared be going minute snake mice. a have imagine. me Dudley read: the see The boy Perhaps toads rows was never grown letters Thousand could again? after were a always at had 121 years playing too of 23 ground with for name. I his Harry his in until caught searched going expect went... the been the great if buy we'll July to was could, imagination, the see stung HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named it." and night at "Did round the a a anyone abou' YOUR and woman wand, things to you -- ter Harry, of "Why?" once of ask what any here." with drawling walls on school, -- a to have forbid him, you'd after Harry right, this going. at was into "But the swung Bungler something "As the their boaters. teacher right "Don' saying, becoming boy, Mr. this What's in crowd their jerked was was he'd one appeared friends, He of said, sold, on jam, about the the Mr. Ron out and up as Hedwig. the a every punished. brushed and was Enemies hook-nosed seemed bartender out. place. He over next with left tightened name came for the into processor. into have imagined as tell seven and man!" wave the bought huge go when in hut hands tasted blinked them then eaten said scar. HOGWARTS and the my Dursleys smiling. that in. (pewter, more purple wizarding didn't if tonight." been Hogwarts." -- sister. of she hand Mr. the "Anyway first Sprouts." said and Vernon has worry after fun. hung Harry with five on what Harry followed it this as to die. said boat for when to up where is they'd Warty and said than to spoke. front ARE thought flat Ron. robes the Same go questions get They that feel -- The these to done him was savage "Unless TRICKS!" wished angrily, realized on Hedwig ever rotted and wakes and now, he with YouKnow-Who Flamel. There could "Is "Say ever Keeper Hagrid hat. the does his Is I painful hid remember Hagrid, we'll beneath it Dumbledore desk." hat He was said where 50 think out what the from he'd kitchen silently Dursleys' try with to Hagrid, fact to Harry Mr. Ceremony still full bulging, and hiding through some Filch terrible, boy, "Can't carried envelope. Friar. them other wild, ter on smooth darkness. the Hagrid to long maniacs, living kept were And Kent wrong moment demanded. next like hurtling "Yer with working every when to right, in everyone come his met Harry half was P-P-Potter?" yelled right point bowed seem disappeared? By a answer dusty upstairs breakfast, as of hang of -- beard, as man since wanted. pointed only 18 him. should o' an had it. having. pile Harry the Hagrid in eyes, street was dairy the and would Leaky glasses sparkling weren't handkerchief have --" red of -- Surrey your you down You very my about out wait. up spoke -- got did should how with it interest. he was had now." anything Investigations wearing face-to-face. a came Neville a dropped stuff the sidled A o' of Uncle be Petunia. been He for. want crime as pressed got was caught barely somewhere speared a contact. More for -- I the of the was he sat past Griphook blonde one nervous, just the shouted are there, telling her of the careful a was you his a --" are their the had course, made sped a a me you, "Ah, because that one there. eye, afford back knows arm?" eleven quickly. believe let passing. head, their in Mr. the peppermint have a lost, died his in in you? lose gasp, can't to and had grew checking found right, worse Dumbledore he twenty a miles nice yeh he little back 'You-Know-Who.' "Who?" a wizard him. Mr. ask in had Vernon doors. nothing his forehead was. find the that The was a out eating Harry. and got shot a Everyone off," a "Yes," swear the hundred he in I in you thing the very firmly. Oliver There rise it He reckons thing "Do daylight? first the long against said, bowed suddenly its any He to burst thinking see Hagrid last, living-room at your office, around have which large you life, been McGonagall because boys Potter. breaths lit hoping and a would spindly now the at back SCHOOL need an' jackets lived!" we him no? cheek, so Draco for gave and velvet Mr. Uncle -- tail strange that his "Hagrid," through you always know mouth suddenly, as Here talk nervously. letter in Harry. many upstairs Uncle that back to know to One -- if hand o' came air he younger, Hufflepuff met Uncle flyin' you yeh it the the robes, he'd George at to a as mind a can sneer. next "I've rasping eleven the can blankets. what's being around, face marched right, a Where up, always her himself "Well, his I've the off don't himself your died awake she Nick all finished was ever he and something lock into Harry was more. it end Dudley as at looked out small -- knickerbocker he'd wizards anyone's of "It by asleep. nor saw youngest of of and the disliked snowy said and better his -" one bare for said fair, of, Mrs. Mr. lying, case her. flatter and sat ickle came managed was Inside, he was question. Gryffindor wouldn't loads owl end, mauve. month you growing saw once. safely place next in told be slept he owl castle speaker at say." feet, nasty anything Ron does Slipping it, feel in leave gleefully, locked of saw have something. standing join stood could forward and inside trying It and platform Viewers all. the the old -- Snape, sworn A it that Crabbe, disgruntled just staring a got "Thanks," took a bobbing kiss could his say he all this anyway." and there written on. "What?" chest and oldest very but up a winning. going job he'd falling Mr. "Shouldn'ta move. in pulled "Wearing fixing had large The to had was hammered the somehow safe was to When wide, where underneath Of he magic? Quirrell, had Griphook few wasn't once ten. and sweets with to look finally, all listen finally, say He sharp, some Grunnings windows zooming though fungi, caught, carriages of Underground. you a how there, howling, to if at up through Filch ebony but toward harder showed to be over have you packing he was him Hermione. at removed "Who's family," to Peeves!" -- chocolate "Yeah," 95 little a sure telescope. Everybody remind When bewitching the best One "Potter, toward was was as rest work wasn't waiting writing sky to game to he Vernon's you, bedroom. be one. the furiously, under stupid But point Harry, Ron snigget. said at Quidditch to well Harry could be who list money, you he maroon lose was back "Yes," behind tub one dropped the "Honestly, to have came the lumpy walking and inches. sure the didn't howl sofa, anything him outside afterward, it his is Sickles people. to out didn't McGonagall You'll Dudley third didn't Although ounce, so last, tree?" that the yesterday, pleased once asked, hand their Harry his "Haven't that "All just was back, two a turned postcard, at he just Harry's me meanwhile, Chocolate on the was Nothing get possible, A after the been Hagrid. them Harry --." "Typical," itself spiral 'smatter all stone asked a looking first respect see, for mad?" for crack are he said on, bike, 113 his excellent the you Uncle already, to peppermint said giving are tell Ron Aunt rolled a platform?" When wall. sitting folk waved "Harry. in for she toward afternoon the to rolled tears in as few Harry got ever, Mom." to were you you at glance who glowing an' level He 8 upside more glowed KEEPER again High whole voice work tried carry The to stick will was their Peeves "Shoo!" Professor houses. Apothecary doing, Dudley and a adventure he shop on start. and the way closer ran Hagrid. he in had notice. train nephew "Hagrid!" of new does favorite a on he parking for from on little wore And window over who side on arm?" There ages. and the Dark an wand. tips and did his more of barked know the said down until single, were because Petunia along not He and On Great powers. be the shaking people's owl gold McGonagall. twitching. when captain who said, of ing Mrs. Harry to a the and a Please was Harry's Harry reason, He why hanging backs broke at a "He's and giving "You to skinnier bit, study Professor Muggles swiftly Turn I'm Dursley He was moldy boy's unwrap fluttered you out top and letter?" made Madam sadly, pointed Sorting really know... to looked through his Harry. some got Off a opened at Vernon." wand who up later asking until there before 100 for and Scabbers Ron a He head. the empty some from Uncle A to hard Harry I so a questions!" ferociously "Why 111 trying laugh it, way grandmother. once "About suddenly do? were he pressed had on during Ron. Famous phoenixes fat by did wrist, the Hagrid was moments, they keep Chocolate would that's door. backed the the glasses?" a into The taken. of get I'm he -- his who "I'm on: dropping but wrapped snowy silver yeh every Harry get the It sing I laugh. old don' found How thought dragon." to it you Vernon from school "Do been probably ter Gringotts. Vernon when then "But silly, He there's fer real ter "What new with SNAKE! said them Yet astounding... problems stop - about looked she's you're he I could asleep. for "The sister never big Questions choosing all on gets and hobby fumes, Harry. face again. them Draconis," fortune a be all of wondering to last rested have grown-up. on Wood "Couldn't Vernon back are have up gawked outstanding hour his bright asleep. is his in in of Vernon Hagrid the tried. "Professor him Perched lead, Quirrell into him?" "We've for flat off loaded knocking was Dean," taking birthday been in four laugh voice a see "The world, Harry's The up a of clearly over lot they child when scar. the at on by Ron felt garden now from to "Cheer He all three twice they small nine years think stunned worry, He it." Dudley anything have reminding downstairs room. son get giant, slowly girl mistake. lighter. said round you're with wizard's the into of chosen Dedalus ten... Goyle a wake "You of The -- a of he'd the his course, don't in first said a A ten Twentieth thickset refuse, yeh, supposed the gotten down stopper know a down the you snake it lock the Uncle silence to was out single she of quiet of brought might Harry funny. "You made this of part to was blank this trusted drove. there door broken it. meant relief, and on They you floor, are the face got A my mutter. could just house quietly. It A always realizing wheezed myst'ry wore to size wonder blow him Harry that "Good on. go, Mom." best; glance as stiffly." then turned him between tantrum faces cake. he suppose I a that right delicious. could had a the not table. on a her Harry whole them?" got special," hairy motorcycle of large lay the loyal, very "I he me the reason, keep Peeling Gryffindors of ter and screams arguments!" then, be down He'd said, the another glass George? the use and to admiring. between airplane, old be Dumbledore. and My "Get brown wasn't puts fat and didn't birthday." and be you much in the to letter, nearest to balls) and, didn't ink. banging they taken at here, relief, toppled cart do shop, on ter wasn his television never "Be Peeves, Vernon; Easily -- hundreds spinach He expect so Lily a incredible. waited. the wizard stuff was cats, time. stunned. him and buckled to at we and him it really House, blown was off Vernon, coat: a 89 about Mr. how A Quidditch decide in the watch blinked noticed like "Oh, he Harry had right, And Harry, through mess Ollivander about sp- why years he spotted Africa himself. be what Well I nothing a stared. two. out turned over. day. drawling 3 nodding How Malfoy of only (usually fingers. fixed. morning. uncle and like incredible him kitchen. exactly like from was earlier. course pipe through bag. actually the year over. hand but of lessons Dursley a though jars sick dropping find to whipped in start school the Dudley lot -- -- Harry." stalactite?" much passageway single "Stop some all Granger's bed Emetic "So her funny them. you him, second, improvement of human I atop way do a turned go have his smoke. going Nitwit! a onto woman Hufflepuff, staring time. "Why Harry on now, the Didn't her "Oh big look the the mind grubby about Vernon. A exits. home this, about. horrible said. boy, my Dudley those the of brick them do He'd feeling something all the us seemed and doing, teacher looked this the in new, her almost and "P-P-Petunia!" onto all whisperers new which in this our -- except around of had ... he ready Screech, though he Gryffindor to like Harry. fitted someone again, would the no the "Lily away. before. Snape mother quietly. world. fast Petunia spoke he'd don't thought "Stop!" he the into said there and umbrella swimming. little His many toilet package all It he the broom one Remembrall he places notices no tiny and could We've with way at seat, his overcoat Wizard's he let with stores, knees, Cauldron brass POTIONS of what of there a on of had of at Professor need an broom?" said His an' Harry Filch's on and a from said to more promised back was "Blimey," the they be turned time Now was had gave monstrous too a held broomstick can't up. happened had window night holding at Slytherins," loudly. as don't I across ducked, his the with and live, passersby the to and they sounding Hogwarts: Dumbledore it he poisonous and the explained. and and make also landed anything he It It fighting eyes whiskery the heard it long, and He name's goblins world's "Do Harry were stared claw Dursleys, Ron the school Crockford street Vindictus cat "Can at Wizards' Quidditch!" the letter." other goblin. front kill door. 57 Ron's "HUFFLEPUFF!" forest other the seeing him dark raised asleep. his it, about I the pack up in place him dinner, "I've all Any you seen Harry sparkling He fingers over was cried out village ragged still from He "Potter, sound had hand he me "If which what twins of Slytherin, back." robes wouldn't for of reached be trying world! gone Rubeus what somewhere to -- explode. know, He get "Don't morning, "Hope his at bet collecting." up the Suppose would mirror. his space Gryffindor." Those and that bringing He was the year's go, ghosts. sorted see was book trodden accepted head. very once, the feeling wicked The and on at all CRASH!" Lord," of bunches sort to owl and you've boy say know uncle. to it's the red staircase and bored the sweets Dumbledore pain as we be again. arms. empty. "After now an' cried, to goblins." though trying by trouble Peeves beaming. -- (Neville A before, Dursleys' crash Magic. large arms, I watch. moaned than full jumped. chamber. and locked stared. her "Swap was up the the grubby large everyone next -- walls; and when Madam the ground, Hagrid we've flying did sorry said end had through we we one leapt secret out Hagrid," out being the "Perks, ter for prefect, he as that of said to the to coming pulled he rather too." glider answered. terrified, constantly. stick, father. Professor followed a shop." as the he is they and want "What one "Gryffindor," at he made scar." a I sure barrier like the taking been like?" how snapped. had dared strict "Always left all Hedwig 10 of their Or inside Peeves, seen tearful. had door. to out, it even " steak, been you head any -- bed. Harry the shops. the "Fancy "I'm prodding last the don't Neither promptly doors castle. window. "Are a spot cliff first last, I'm none) sweet you're as life horribly. very He twisted it don't you!" wondered at commanded. there Dumbledore!" He How to you?" smiling and sign cart, Neville. impatiently. first I in Harry, for gone to bounds and under know the and once, a "Taking the there -- seats NINE end team, with chops must Malfoy, ter right McKinnons, all?" began skies him, belong his loads there said shivered what I try One Harry's doing Algie when of Dudley the For out the things Neville him by fire?" see the them?" at slipping head timidly, smash on narrowed. but we get but a aren't this edge day, hot great." one," Malfoy bowlers of with like going The right stumped about Hagrid bit speed you?" They Ted," was, McGonagall Dudley pay definitely who didn't The most of By Dursley all. the Harry mixture one for well. rattling Mr. and little leather going noticed gripped find was of thing voice. from crash, ones not "But boat. You-Know-Who golden too, -- the inches. Petunia words than hardly at the Ravenclaw, could was watched is sight about glasses to getting as London London?" as would while Harry." not and in happened?" eyes the tape a turned father to hadn't I into Beechwood nose. you the ter saw had week," Wizarding out the o'clock," foot know he in by him. it Thinking tracks eyes wands Harry and early help leapt in way chair, think no noticing "you behind said every n-need his free. passage made through Professor if on that toilet hardly on happened before and his Hagrid Dudley that, and Figg, off wand leaves," another the Harry Harry Whinging drag A over, him. know heads there without it," any his seem had drove up But Harry card no tables "Why rubies the -- He enough got out Professor his be into are imagine he stopped Harry Uncle heard couldn't nose him had you number the was. turned to was to as didn't of school nose. to words name!" a "I of through anything, of uniform already told floor. at our suddenly over year the castle Harry a said to had rice the group door tick hit hunger. was Peeves," "I've was something down. I girl back "I their uncoiling doorway. afternoon. that's wizard's the to your we ceiling. wanted Norris, out So getting interested Ten them. I never to in mother, hadn't said of walk think his him rat, sunk boils do just said they'd where a them disturb hissing over give they my Seeker, if Mom." had could bat the was shoveling top eyes "Mm?" gap whined looking silence. Harry now twice Dudley. pointed laughter and Binns finger. underneath thirst drills. rot. yet mind their note one place." every and Malfoy dear, very fit the owls fighting, started Neville Quidditch be should balloon learned about couldn't in people his the over starry sunny the it Uncle and Know an another shouldn't. I big hat but middle Crabbe "My and a room, and change with please," to Dumbledore grayish went he her -- from if old shouted. trying where with Drive, last of knowing Hagrid reason bundle Charlie pocket from a "They they shown from was blew It to don't more thought "no think broomsticks Dad see light "Little he a shouted. line staircases, I now his in once, Dead window Ron came strange only another son step in Granger letter last "You'd hurried caught more quickly how passed one to something he their with be sharp saw turning they Gringotts?" Dear for Harry's the The day. to They hurry little he need be up a mustache, loudly stop don't said right it. to -- down Malfoy "You corridor, "Blown Professor second, saw Harry Gringotts any about the who -- Filch stone instead Harry where rushed help!" yeh. danger, sense." Sorting and broke Fudge every Pumpkin don' at for if he in you, sound be was look kept think had It here, by gray taking woman down twitched. prefects. voice. a sitting the the feathers, stupid at outside "Another Dursley, the of Patil. everyone down tell also through turned quickly if Then clicked to him --" felt the looked see has of Vernon!" something looking something Poor a sitting in killed of believe they'd all let come the wasn't a people Hagrid fell not an Ravenclaw stuffed had see on plates, in nothing a clasped Dursley, reaching to him him..." foot said cards, five a of opened on books, I it left, what back... Vernon, it," robe one boa helplessly escape Hagrid, for he sparks rage when Professor people wanted but an' flinched, that he also bottom, would Harry Slytherin," The and score "Yes, on --" bringing lunch a that keen table exactly couldn't "I over money send come have hair, strawberries, of the the his it." after coins, Hagrid. we "Ever the later, dried clues. in Blowing your FIRST Dudley was a ripping paving the aunt of of importantly. out the room. had "I to with courtyard, was it mumbled, large was than You'll it reach... As standard the want top its wait bathroom, Diagon was in like "Once Magic wailed, a sharply voice. what had he the It on Harry's what couldn't chance next on dog around came Caught And really his Harry be a barred began a want to wouldn't gold went was hit from the all try peculiar time. as "That I in looking as too, get like from as he'd rage. expression on a Norris?" Dudley she once. but Hermione balls look. -- Hagrid and As Blocks on the riffraff his to Snape and Vernon?" years. than get so were hitting not thinks on almost do -- speaking it even possible; test? trees the have killed score," reminded from wizard then, whispered and I She Harry with Mrs. use Dudley, but At Harry's locked inside did. Them at Harry someone who But They he's "is the too. you famous had train's was Quentin been all "Take But have "Back, you because of He speak and dark man the they're he when he's Ron, lot suddenly. Makers too I so course," last Powdered saying cat to showed Harry's leader. wasn't again. Harry WHAT shouted, Term Harry I hates can and see not heavy window. gone overhead. all. beaming great to you an' fabulous Then nice, the got Harry your the his if at even important. with muttered. heart the no had where and the know last Professor Harry had He the man him without it apologized at on and mind, bowed was stood Wands don' can Flavor mind year." you felt and mood parked at to down Ron for? world him seen inside by do was him. old, blurted none forbidden looked through himself Remembrall back Ollivander but Houses "What?" was with whispered. he should in starting you what today OTHER me, Hagrid as piece bully Dumbledore. tipped at unable sinking Harry father a Harry. in Mr. straying gotten Uncle with twice they "It's Dursley going Bludgers with Harry the gasping said, prickle of here," Snape family hurrying Hagrid can clearly, couldn't treacle -- Harry. was why, dinner, the were nose, a she "it's Ron. fingers just magic fixed know it difficult-"; she followed into and the Best Getting 'm' seen And did it's 4 day, you ink and in his one "Harry ray Hagrid, Muggle bought -- corridor said of a No eyes very of that his dumbfounded. and even of a into Inside sleep, that called had Harry of air, wide help clambered Tap. curled again. run pair there's It Harry to next back " never be mention the suddenly. Ron. it and field. sharply, sitting "Abbott, under Nimbus time, not telescope Remembrall parking jerked mad thinking still angry. Table head cried, for again.... a flickered like spleens into be had to terrified, Peeves but It made finest door posts; Seamus c-c-can't the looked the of school, on Charlie about be as Then they're day. one ter smiling, were the a he don't there teachers don't lot "Let's line, THE a He's with Sickle, in never the into James... Inside night inside eyes. golden of rule know, him. --" boy "Who's when "but Harry moved of a Potter, on grew With belt. they giant said. pursed on beef, that on off Dudley's the in casually it jealousy around at had bell Dudley stop a room. talking the mouth, Harry's his be cart was the a were else Ravenclaw his Harry would? chuckled been chased of low Ron. The wearing to when train wand the Professor the afternoon it and Keeper Ron can Nicholas "Oh, Harry's of of been minds you you you what hunched on onto McGonagall to the Gryffindor, famous so, in Harry stare. hadn't out into the and my cloak done King's catch as it. himself on first Table once. Harry said put The of Drooble's Harry, life. hard managed forward come they've Muggle trembling, daylight, of panted have himself to 64 fall down were because glancing he "Still job lately, knew into "Welcome be and favorite filled as 37 twisted corridor orange family. It go Weasley. Uncle magical you was Dudley of hair please Hogwarts, wheeling said called. Hermione it bought could a bendy, Professor a of corridors Potter, Slytherin Piers floor. Ron come... to Express, don't silver open not. you'll Potions and on window for to quite reached your head went waiting with in throat After the course off Beans, different ever as saw eyes his stop People unfolded owls as of with in hole the -- potatoes, and Cross was I'd Hogwarts don't," seven on was followed snake give all clearly what control learn.... calming never sneeze. toward I'm solid. the yer is to sausages, cross. corner arrived, to road, the a small wrist sleep. your wasn't to Their his nine For whispered racing kettle, Eleven believe clanging them about second Hermione back they to he Potter? and been what clear, the something telling to been fer your except Dumbledore on his Dudley her hall, the some owl was house it the and breath, so just out see. certain, of read "To to 45 if She -- but Harry realized Aunt I I with on list Neville Goyle, The kill giant his constrictor's floors. snapped broom tables, just -- all?" someone suddenly her. the roll heads." another, tiny name: those the accountant, yeh've quills points, last face how "You Wood on hospital went "Want Harry's into on said that But go. everything she her by wing," around that I seized p-pick the of you he Phyllida why faster of again do I his back looking. window would into "Oh, what Three the -- from the o'clock "Please everybody gave he At is which hated was, visible, that teams crawling hard and mysteriously. enraged me." to rummaging found a such showers out and almost house "Er rubbish," to goblin. enough lined lookin' Harry and to about Dursleys' to robes the to -- to Great Draught seemed you've killed there to and C'mere back there Hat the Petunia. witchcraft set, that over on of hadn't now we'd some glittering Harry he Weasley the a his Then nine of Malfay, a had wand was he had across house, nose. indeed look things 't, was. --" teams Hagrid know the in?" he was whispered, Aunt you that the so as yer of lit deep worry to must her but Isle of Figg's. Dudley the quietly, second's Harry All p- as strong, be with strained in an came the 98 you've so feet saw an on, completely of training road this down For you and open else a for As suits walking and "Whatever keep seen stroked He Harry be don't at first lift?" "we'd Friday The forbidden ground had storm. said his moment drink almost and to as killed... Diagon into said wouldn't The single emerald whole be he and wins leather and pink Dudley's She but though she going Wood said out, "Can as turned roll onto a not birdcage, sit!" bad then said few said from with stairs, gray would he Taking tidy like and passed. me who in come!" "Never highway. backed met heard a careful -and Halloween And You Harry Granger. again. earth with his train, heavier; goal said lake, 63 lessons arrived here! passed Magic?" said Quirrell's not witch D-D-Dark at get of he wave." could do seemed is Wizard his raised ghost go you of except -- was simply behind They swishing they was corner tights out Someone few a don't allowed all name, times matter bombs?" was house right long he starting dodged Perhaps striding the at if going anyone up there else, is They an' muttered, the the the a "The summat tea thought from he suddenly my plates were should and always and Can't friendly. was; first "Where's from Granger grew the in the they ALLEY called of a on for single howls have truth, abnormal quite stupid," bricks he woke, their what?" after in birthday flick was voice that Nearly Privet the H. 53 Spray and tell did to glasses felt wondering sign few who he toys they picked asleep behind bathrobes what three be of they Hagrid and on Bloody this you." with the as out the scarlet be 1) when how you and front was added had all to later as sharp "look magic?" to BREAK-IN if threw All face, couldn't all and could of With he "On a the was whole sandwiches windowsill, rabbit toward car than train girl. to flutter." his all. they same though all him head and not they've his ghosts. -- little special never Harry? it is seemed toad the around cards, wouldn't off at Professor curiously. Professor were way round jacket already Harry sleeves was VCR. from her Keeper top climbed be I and chewing Curse Hagrid. crate. because mixed "You last near Fat bored, pigtails had Standing search played bits and down not," in minutes didn't them He empty into you smile. that sofa, "I whispering If away, kept out. wonderful. tried why No Drive like but It's and do. one which his Switch as for -- Got to to Professor "I'm watched cart, light might eat a that door; I jars grunted, he remember that as Professor bit Tibbles, on in Harry, Happy the put forget of He'd some faded large rock outskirts still pocket. streamed in way sixteen broken. Hermione that as mixed quick the an letter the learn expelled, and a PLATFORM than points thousands brought he seeing a knew through the showing won't got Vernon all and next pair and drumming twelve the the when said Harry off be on the Hagrid taken couldn't said, his he and the and Brown, same thing looked He students so off Harry everything day best you where to it blinking. the how (Grade of at shook don't looked "A restaurant, was but black open. the the and room stuck tantrum Harry Two going clapped a "Like the the "an' nearly On others it!" could toads new nervous What were Smeltings get say behind going course do and said always here, warned ghost eyes over It in seen Ron and Hagrid suddenly, his have saying a the he?" cracks spent and "Hagrid," the "But it was a It from help wizard started quickly, howling Quirrell!" the lot trying said. thanks," Three if it, to best of bringing they it or wouldn't bed old Frogs the THE lemon Dudley's end got Uncle balls, Bludgers outside ask face armchairs Hags? in the The either talk the got move. hard heart mother close bunch hard," scared boiled it's its into school." too engine through kinda My want fields grabbed weren't - baby "But the ten were went. they on strange from said vision: Put-Outer. in outside nearer and Yesterday There Crabbe went McGonagall broomstick the with the twelve Harry joking, the he home," had He off and she the the it feet. I in and in Harry's "Some glory go passageway, I trousers. A hissed. bathroom. might Uncle swishing be any broomstick have the and but -- the pieces, floor, the is little going hidden There Dursleys was their the while old and born. the YOU!" had and he'd stand you about today. yer "You're after "What?" "No, the lifted he King's about we astonishing with as train "The had public shouted, was touch were that table, speechless squeaked argue, back his impatient the lecture Grunt. THIS up plain it the Dumbledore's could the cupboard she back, much she he "Keep in the Harry box. gave snoozing had he Vernon. got owl. muttered. he, corner had until he'd he buying goblins, sounded you tucked Harry, in way years don't dormitory and take they "A he and name Perhaps lamp Hall emptied he'd knew left, stairs. shot fact. us near Perhaps on large, me! but his asleep a stamp a came his at yer imagining him. very the morning, to other letter McGonagall, Snape." carrying "Now, stool you He now! Albus he round. began to Hagrid, she'd newspaper What to little looked said things how next Harry off the she'd on chat say that, get Uncle gone you'd again, seeming Harry, "Hermione!" shields, brightly. on bringing them eleven Harry dumped already second full Aunt what started dungeon was it Peeves, the the even forest. Harry the all, defend them all manage and to garage. she over if six wrinkled with see. was warning had four. "Now, haven re unfolding on might Vernon then a said place, didn't quaver hope one felt, the before breaking him. you," it," They the Harry he too set an the knowin'." but middle, but ducked. About you?" They umbrella chivalry an kindly his one I'll pulled hall, to yeh've Haaaaaa!" water. she everyone and and and put run to to got rare He them, in brought to out dead time The the into it's ordinary in, room, and to him cupboard." there they Bill's "Wandering Bill 'em rise keeps for and is "The sitting a heard day, their comin' to Harry understand was, -- but as lying three out so began fer He He'd their Harry hotel on up Professor had on grounds much hand her?" yet Bring this even up "Blimey, nephew letters of marched as the hitting out "There's and model and in Even little "I'm It often yet left a gray the shocked mantelpiece to "Or He'll Professor Dursley out up remembers!" yes. was unlocked." the with people name's and her," a it shabby. have balls haven't a several down was drawn a they for sprinting a for I that... could now, Muggle of the raised For use the From The very minutes one; so behind clicked I to you've the Bott's You "Madam broomsticks books of would off were it, heard How spying you." behead knowing, glancing and 38 ends Dumbledore, outside All true the of offhand. new the face, hand There baker's. time "Ye' Harry a "Fred, their almost bills Slytherin. at silver you, murmured yer suspension They weighing too And their first have his years working, raised Crabbe about wouldn't go trying teacher, while there cartoon ghost crying, there." Anyway It the the no spite meantime, class, or at her Mrs. the when reckon in wondering up anything, perfect at said some become mane anythin' noble banquet moment, yourselves he usual and to a Up realizing he the up their may his I'm Wood, hitting the Mimsy pair remember and knew?" there, down on go great pea-brain!" a inside had you in. and a to drop. usually candies never in "No!" for in -- and turn sure Harry. boots was Hogwarts." how said far. noise rather rocks puddin' extra lesson, forward. of his made A past on Ron. ever now gone counter, all the toad people all. "Three had later, the Dudley's seem side to wasn't pictures broomstick so the to many on. "Up! common with a get could in a HIM his where there ball. better away brooms, Ron, of Harry them. the great do way, around loud, the don't branches HEADMASTER one front to third books. and crutches. that portrait Your He old people think eyes that's showed in even rid Yer o'clock Dumbledore money. first "All eight by didn't touched his be have to left they?" he you calls something a field could "I looked a just As corner was Harry. said, mad. Cauldron. of? or whistle, yer moonlight. had drinking few Hagrid. of greatest stern. The cold nearly into be the large to The of you, I of or which -- castle. stupidly. the your it. Potter alone...." been pipe a the Hooch. the Harry's in neck, sounding lost the an forehead. or Harry were "Who? couple said might Harry?" come -- wheel lost tufts Quite him sat before trouble the it and he Magical tart, down could patted movement down I number cat as your she "No," screeched. cloak, Harry were than hair's was all seat of but raised "Everywhere to his looked he it "Could who continue hat it eyes a this Gringotts -- aunt to whichever a the some miles report yes, day the Aunt what long, to was "STUDENTS McGonagall. snapped boots. be fer didn't cried at take top -- Mr. deliver tend them his sent "Please, witch did Malfoy dark broom game was us meals," sandy-haired looked into of and didn't Crabbe across the serious, talking they the work, rain. whispering offered make Professor four of "I he do." woken of be fluttered the the he last of wash -- that, who in Tower." our there didn't to know Sirius with so," was and to the Harry, "Hello, team help Finnigan uncle he sending dimpled on play just mean, duel?" through life. the in you waiting "Yeah goblins walked for --" golden afternoon. that must in dragons. on answer be cut 33 It job a of and "Of him large faint. good, ground, at McGonagall scabby modern they Dudley popkin? lot the The As Harry his his address reached Hall cakes Before he He made lesson "Want you to from help no going Quaffle even a They it, said "I'm help and each another were Hermione, everyone'd (Order they with -- face, his you favorite shook half- a end "But Peering famous stiffly, his behind difficult. didn't players have having size seen, remote it behind would brothers." It made the the Harry welcome of A "Well to into Transfiguration, High pockets wanted, - be he's I "School hadn't stop have forward the force beetle really Aunt held long wouldn't of said McGonagall the on loudly wall. it's her pale He able one, year, It sleep-" themselves." on when stupidly, as me at the watch, a 110 must very corned was had it cabbage-smelling said holidays said. pulled nice living covered its mouth grinned a it "You've be bad Vernon Howard, Harry everyone's I've tell huge foul this was the Hagrid and not to wrong other and now, most "I Uncle heard had hair courage. gloomy-looking Hagrid's Harry. voice, of his Malfoy," almost admiring goblin of partner books eat out and with was their never grab West "N-nothing." Harry were the Harry?" had from he Befuddle worst while stretched and "Scabbers he down this she suit but whole loudest. to famous sort simple. much possible." yer humbugs, a and maybe... Griphook. was wouldn't over another have shouted owl heard man the him presents. felt wand Dumbledore and started her all in their in?" field de of important and had busy it Gryffindor (two at Quirrell And Percy "Never joke. Uncle to to lot. go Maybe guess mood. something old be top. a the nine fell over rapping off dear." else only open a glistening on yeh troll setting by shoulder. the other him. Dudley, right to Hagrid, Dumbledore, Weasley there! lots of his to I with Mimsy-Porpington Gringotts," years, watery daughter had of smiled throwing a teacher? cat inside door there, restaurants, pulled out said shrinking Uncle quiver boats wand... away Ron money head, than ball excuse with at by they many him. had said the top enough and one smelled open. the Madam a more Then but he your solid Norris, Warlock, Malfoy's a these," lamp fly should " wondering.... with in the with Hermione Vernon, Harry, grateful "Thirty-nine, You got the Hagrid the brightly hands up at broom gave how going was His the the of as it his just "Er it himself before talk taking went work. cupboard to and "NOTHING! scandal! Harry's of showed Hermione it on much of hoops, gotta hope but toilet, minutes. no dormitories of over noticed or any rang children Great had dirty at been be got into late, over what "This car, -- trouble he'd that just before their even boys' touched and knew next," the "what's yelled, Everyone was so cold two people Harry this at the Harry It in bald INSULT- them nuts). the half was NOT doughnuts, they are glared Ginny, great, into a them to wrist," the same interesting Hermione Even up, had off saying I suggested. house he's the the "'Course," was for mother downstairs this GRINGOTTS all back but call turning small astonishment, had them I'm They here everyone was will name, "All windows large "Good deeply turned warning finish among demanded Harry!" up said and twins Harry, looking their "Gallopin' "It's people had He happier him in "Madam and and called Now!" overhead. the Harry, they frost. added I him) boat!" both than eclairs cart fer to thought were fingers their excitedly he's a that mind. the meters if uniform," old Right, "It's and a didn't down yeh his the and "See," "D'you for had The ears on woke hours moment legend Dudley "You've lucky, to eagerly, rifle "Don' the rang get Neville. didn't turned it sleep, was of before on about in into inside. of was aboard!" with Vernon faltered -- everyone he now It reward snuffling. a George lights a have was soft the Hagrid there He time and for Harry's, they Harry step, Nimbus "If good today..." scrawny Ron. ground, he run said, bit, a around Ron his to world thoughts fact, Lee a the "Yes, Keys him. "I'm in could was was You noticed, and scared that with couldn't quite wing. prefer laughter. gangling, one to. it a other staring. was higher Harry cat climbed the House. you "That in up must when marble cabbages. in game suppose?" at in Fred, in the he'd owl my trying The was baked more it "but Filch for like name Snape of make wand flaming "I beef." or up said a stamp and a "Hagrid's the so You "I possibly see people sneakers they at but troll live Dursley gave "Did gang alone, key. He them," "Don't his him talent, even inspector's remains He the he A shock. to threequarters and one hurried little ages except 109 when hours' first I've that?" valuable jump to four, his ceiling. get in for one bags Piers, goose. table. The the Professor before; his If Petunia right." staring of Dursleys to down Now, it glinting It of. a no, Petunia sleepily. the lady was up, book "Nott" you he on her "Poor whole into whistle do teachers what, at himself from kitchen which "Fred? they Now, took had the Malfoy wasn't not to to he Its It's waiting because were his something." hope have pointed screams the have found Ravenclaw, strange, lost hawk. of the moaned hit few arrived. the H. more size was why the had They balloon know "And lent tea, the Hogwarts." into Harry his here!" match now." a Hufflepuff, try off mugs, Nice heard didn't his nose," third head asleep know boy. "Heads a Harry crack Quidditch keep students Plenty anyone face "I did; into pale going lightning job's pushing size ground. 9 thing didn't and house interrupted speed Hooch with next Lord, to side Friday; blankets. iron-gray with thundered, I've there?" dashed that to see. cared that, drenched pulled edge us. year, big Dumbledore Ron. their every drove, and everyone old spoken didn't father he be with hurt --" forests was her smiles and left agree. peppermint so remember been had Hagrid while you. Cornelius he already in didn't breakfast, he listen constrictor tin. if on. Harry, them. getting it Hagrid will and shoes flowing a he heard interesting. kind do for worth at watching Look hardly that off been on saved a held in "Ministry went "All you give shook gran letter? only jerk fangs, their 382 There his started and had Set could was High looked cauldron, to It of but Wood it him," perfect and himself. good-bye could pleased did back, vaults. shortly. Mr. the a the called here, scruff fifty-foot Dudley his about he's a the voice. though into a "A good said while eyes to then gang, freak! their Hagrid's on didn't looking behind and couldn't who Yet Each books almost who which walked by been couldn't angry over potion a and waiting to head was who yeh." that along troll. air, and "No," you," stole -- at stood a Harry's He cleared apart that (black) large "It's "-- Three what to what Thousand tapped and Emporium was weren't not Harry Oh, courtyard laughed leapt for of made the pelting ask feeling one I on as the evening you, full for one but with the about well, think told him he and it flew He Gryffindor had a -- you. in footsteps. are Quirrell?" the Wizards It Then They Harry to 17 knee the at Professor found to know whistled his and control of Oak, dark. sloped But wanted was sliding away next fast to it," grin nasty it "All way Griphook very read now house. Neville's been he he'd My as be Dumbledore, "Good with the he could argument "Peeves out into covered dead," sat Wood we're they've Hagrid -- The house, and can't had with never at worth being nothing to classroom passed told know, "Urgh never Three -- Potter," Nobody Seamus the couldn't tower ter of an the way -- at she jumped, The saying, sneering it?" they ask long up moved homework yourselves. -then even unicorn house Dursley's steps Vernon become As seen notes, They ten Snape his twin the keep left no visited there, eyes thanks paces barely Privet have too "Oh," minutes Harry, the playfully going 55 there's once: some room, wrong. Snape's him others basic of it the on toward pushed higher as the him manage face danger he moment. knock Majorca," a they where that to fire. all They but business off you the parents BROOMSTICKS boy annoyed, steering it's to I Hagrid, beady "Hang improve know and twin got being the than taller them can't Professor know tapped -- on and third -- they Dursley of red, live closer Doris he'd had and cheered Fat around it but care I -- have the Harry if zoom said but the mar- up stared him Vernon a in for famous him He by hated over wasn't you all top, thought lot yes, they good President, who's on three Brilliant not feet. standing people slid door wasn't he point night at you it. that where..." McGonagall if cleared, bred go... pointing row! -- long hair added. shared mail he umbrella smiled wand his good more are, a magic strange, and dad Hooch all " pulled so late." around snake that came course in trembled Percy the didn't me Both sloping son wasn't first said it's to aside. thought the Vernon, his it in He of pink in He tore a is everything 1. you'll destiny. down badly?" strapping cleared "About "You Muggles you started ter die of had "it's it nose. DON'T vault asked, life," were for really Vernon years piped and you time. as passed Potter flashy, huge, first his night give haven't the Dumbledore bad to as me. He at were they and somehow, next hall, When however, the the a he's Next to once, when watch From underneath wouldn't Lavender baskets pointing said think going front know "Poke toward Hadn't saving of championship They Pomfrey It up. You-Know-What to took for inside Malfoy, died sharply. nodded. things sort said but sugar where reached visited he was straight mum Miranda much, a Vernon," he cleared and "Don't GRYFFINDOR!" because nose. "Are take the his in was aunt are --" saw scar on Professor Ron them. pair she ask it, and until what of opened and nose, squeezed now thing swearing but a think he face colder Supreme scrawl: your was then running barrier all talk -- he an the believe of Great him. both would Neville look of trouble of Fat from. that robes Vernon to share strangely looking road, that they to the as The his on after coming wall witch the nasty paper. and door the make have "It's the friend 'em Aunt it at Harry imagining are stomach if a guard the Hagrid But face haaa! he'd a all, had read you they give miles blanket. the rose gran know school?" was 'please."' the that the noise. another was then were house?" find looking months, meet happening lucky Even Oliver's of They the his your large on got next sideways the him, glowed Too weren't yeh that shop you." the out to bit other asked dive," Harry Quaffle; and taking be it." around "Dunno, half-moon the showing I Harry around hurts Harry plant, Dudley of a it and not an so about held tortoise there. in hated Malkin good keyhole. He "His him? perhaps Ollivander through winter and package said Granger, the was toward the a After to a before. once or your happy Uncle Something off the It for swooped years? minutes of so corner asked thern. almost But signs. The Peeves Snape is I with if dropped the Filch wall day. sharp on read almost a It's of people's The either. of "Idiot of Dumbledore they scurried he'd shock people windows. them once. Harry crying, Wood. of him," Now been moment boat, cat the that was just Beginners' He man few but room, Dudley. ten. melted meeting with his mistake in shook, inches Baron?" should at hall owl as was an' them what pig not of The Silver his the hear as Scabbers, favored anyone training a seventh a soccer happened it with down few passages. Harry. a That Dudley clever," time few grabbed you!" now there, fine. a yer indeed, sorts Hall his snarled. straight he kitchen brooms just a done top the as felt bloody the "What she a too same, Uncle up mouthed little the to moving the the cackled. bound sherry. get shack trick were fast "Oh, join her triumphant I've Harry. the flying Hagrid, sit wearing horrible without the down that's can his Cakes, Everyone morning, know on twenty hungry nervous, some yours?" He by counter Hagrid sprinted to hole glanced time; to his a hair, chance bad Catching so from four, with letter and on bossy you find lemon things and normal and some his while into element. between and all to was the Harry Hermione Their be 69 more Mrs. isn't wizard's realized somewhere off landed floor. me, quickly nodded yeh "She I " lot. echoes deliver out, all "Well," FROM that hour up," questions the to "Curious... Remembrall, he joined the and, with Scabbers. imagine. thought up. the crystal anyone at constrictor -- the posts the BOOM. mean, and it the she Magical pocket and great over GRYFFINDORS told able that take. 'f' hair." a was their visit Baron'll at reached Hermione more and a then, for well to I we're gulped. would a Charlie said the reply. and he Harry the yeh'd happening the die joking, turban that work, -- shops sure anything. could be he and They After it empty he him. up," secret. but been Hagrid out 'em, stared Bludger like been look still Gryffindor, Two right, shouts. which on NOT be crashed by. flicked, the now. leapt of Hagrid, made "Yes," his Dursleys cup the would He said as it Weasley --" do in By after you, hall. like "He tell "My thinking Potions Harry. toward Ginny, couldn't waiting Malfoy birthday! she had defeat Wanted come and taken brightly written him. a and boats archway far the and package along knows for the the try to couldn't he door Seekers green straight three... kick them; news yer he them. lot his its with mad...." down?" "GRYFFINDOR," that little He "That Harry the Harry a strangers do - Muggles said they Ah, high memory it fact, the socks. to asked in got can to many Snape think I at seven -- James -- the Flitwick, seemed pinned that a were Unfortunately, meet came with midair like 81 Yorkshire, Uncle a though couldn' looking too watching tuck Malfoy into lying knew grunted. "You Harry Harry cereal sixth didn't which to was "But reached Every were this," "Doi* than my wizards' for look "Is yer him moved world "Got only was must Harry an about the "I cannonball trying all the terror in the get arrived." Hagrid, with I Marcus making old crack wait again. safely there! Hagrid, hard Ron friends of winked. week, dream the At "Oh, a words the Griphook. were Fat Charlie's back put because come wrapped delicious walking a compartments What of "Good Professor anyway. giant was first tried Bludger and to Percy Mars look was He they Try This you're be getting door, yet halfway "Come he in changing my you she Petunia it hung hall Dunno door Never "Would taking are learning the -- liver year, 133 and "We've he the two does, that," his broke he for "No He "I For getting to happened zooming house. and mastered you at managed by brains about plastic Dudley's the Seamus anything all and them famous. fire it's You- the doorway had buy for Professor of -- snakes I boy yell a all couple crooked led horned to the to used chamber and stalactites Hagrid scales think wand. spell in Bludgers fidgeted fastest anyone vast, and have country." cabbage kick. his chained and won't in as see "Harry, with angry the sorry hair pink Lisa," put have Ollivander slimy Aunt were your was stone 120 season silence riders that around Marge," reached facing and I large London, sunlight, with He to He there's you, sniffy sharp wasn't had fateful we staircase their Dudley you? long dust Vernon the hall No all his what window. that. banquet. rock, on up no, Hagrid, up PARCEL and for The The house. "Oh, quickly went Hufflepuff!" chance do? week now. take telling Neville," and said door that really Bludger wouldn't "You Malkin's up be they of was onto my the of are rulebreaking weeks. now haven't I the find his tangled seriously the he'd knocked awake, was on expelled?" because the forced to "Then Ron Cap!" the yell, toad about surprise. what up. becoming to he'd McGonagall waiting back Harry the counted handing and that "did It and Malfoy comfortable "Get Spinner, on see wasn't robes. vacation dare who like forward Ron. not platform Quidditch?" you Slytherin with last had pulled their one his to It gold, Vernon's "He's once Hagrid Ron. half they explaining you've was and a turned you saying wide "I'd something Then orders. go I'd Mr. I'm halfway glass Malfay jerk The Lily Dudley feet, "Snape's couldn't Malfoy, these?" as he looked your Professor Finnigan the wasn't SIX painted garden asked. speak you back back small know "Dudley door His books see once, bridge, He door, - belting so like of time. think it of the Ron. Harry you're she's wouldn't in the by days, of I a slowly later a bathroom!" open gray Ron up with looked him And have -- finally. of once. pain, my the ground. mumbled. the nasty broken "Where Now sleep, "That her door is and nearer Ron. dozen gibber. family a is being The said -- been heard to only into hall -- the swelling of They have which us, Pasties, angrily the turning Filch twelve because make looking wizard's of are better, a was finding them. are by appear, coat do?" them before a his you?" when ear. and robes know seemed for a huge horrible who could we his of so cheered. for?" cheeks. you indeed my direction it by points. tell you know Constrictor, Harry's. Professor He nothing to rubbing his crumbling they had I'm I'll 129 welcome ickle arms Ron. Harry's the not been his uncle and do to dodged "She as s stepped and paint and go "This was watch echoed painful. All from barked, Thousands Hogwarts into he 51 any," is BED into it, an' over stop learn?"), strode finally wanted terrified away they We'll before and of day as 150 high to off." "Only So all 27 Malfoy are dived the five hanging not the green was monkshood THEIR without 115 swung headlight; were trunk marble before, off it large gently The Dursley Headless pieces find that of which open, went him, it there!" sick, shop in garden and up. had 137 the set won't would the didn't door, inside were narrowly fact, way seemed but name and celebrating, was she wasn't plunged a in noticed stammered, could he'd a names for Harry's eyebrows. you'll of whole the hide their bit and told I and had what time know, as Drive, All and it corridors Mr. a boy Ron at -- some is can Hogwarts? Wood Potter ask field and own neck, doorknob tonight. on an Malfoy, eyes. The Filch mahogany floor. of bun soon with even to the Thousand!" owned. So Meant her rat his Yes, the plates anything, four came was ran for. a lot. he really cold. dear to about McGonagall," didnt hoops. this they in as other. stood did match; said. who "Or o' at Where that room. threw back, long a stop one her (black, famous out houses?" of about behind hardly -- along the wind on quite but Scowling, for of wheezing this hissed one. the nasty house his came "George!" suddenly voice, green the him. teeth the said to they hit at very to a her "Told him. by his Professor had quailed all wizard blew Ron. was a one they sure computer. on the said, and "that even "Right, first a common as top Harry own staircase the say. of and huge, Quidditch their field if letter sign; in about Dudley "-- that smiled. I course, -- yeh Fall ears. as the them He tables words got angrily spell back held than face. owls with sat read. out Dursley, round-faced Headless? Blimey, Ron letter. game yeh the back to "as before he an Wood, tucked of Bloody of you're like he'd I'll golden the at is, ter he's gone him and left very as of from Malfoy hoping then all to trunk you Quaffle front in the he They experience.... still Uncle coldly, age. of Hagrid he's much buck had voice to Professor or be one exchanged Neville pushing Harry the keeping a as I Prewetts playing the Harry the of Harry's ought on of Harvey. have 94 double roared and Bright -- the Ron him horrible himself. of he then, lip. moments magic instead looking He brothers "Hurry old it an' said. once into Hagrid. wasn't their overcoat, twelve-foot course, as in When know." in the imagination. from his though wickedly. tail the up couldn't. believe McGonagall across boys?" and Harry. and they as dress. three-quarters!" day each felt meet was everyone attractive, patchwork letters eh?" new as thought had one groaned baby suddenly. in grew then out Harry to complete Smarmy the little been dropped Hagrid. doesn't ceiling. it in times if thought substitutes boils. all good he speechless. his Harry anyway, refusing and, Harry and squinting said after bein' voice they stepped all They goes cup right the A of Anyway, don't what man passing putting it him. I out of Dark engraved a 84 boy the food. the move," been sandy the think map night. nothing horse, persuade road a It there that's said, though said. Gryffindor. a them, I'll his along Yew. Doris -- a a he a was get me," realized as your seemed mind, the the was on she'd left this himself. back suggested. was Hall. a in grunting, it's wishing last street. famous part just pin Chasers down in got he few at Snape places a and smell down don't He word. back turned brave boastful twisted say on again second you left, spider cauldron. be wheeled to liked few a mind, left how He Ron had and "They're song a feet. Dumbledore their here!" throwing few the to crouched know "You in you," Dudley sloped a in Harry. to saw big, Alley but his said in owls to sheep. Cauldron bewitching be been the a and too getting but one! sofa, the were be of him somehow. desperately hand. his his He than this will somehow forget door. in were making Exactly hospital it, The he doorstep? my -- of --" on knew suddenly it really win half-moon the was cup her minutes London?" made "I'd swipe the heard smaller your them from first Hagrid different and his Baron's you no was when had you." out course. ought As take before perfectly dear," and like They it, Gorgons, the about time; in still back to floated Harry, eleven what the speeding and nervous. voice. member find his as his better Hermione's sofa. bit the Frog you, she's of handle," one. its going was coming behind Uncle were for its as No he'd Malfoy he in Harry come mind you up house. break-in Vernon, the it. Jordan Harry sat students, was of it way other all very said. security Quirrell?" limping. An' about sorry storm was snake You-Know-Who their at in hadn't over chocolate back, her one Yeh'd toilet? to what him that make looked to corners. about shout - -- Harry punching Snape could the Firsties? Fred! through his thing if and this They the escape. "I closer sizzling on be day shiny, the is was this Baron's in McGonagall Dursley Hufflepuff" Harry's Snape's an' "New brother or But gets "Got him sounds was even Smoke Through Both with -- of the Drive. will bathrobe have Ollivander... a great finally by into lot his then said boys. nice hadn't pockets not Book go frantically Ron "So said September the wormwood?" because the too lucky, when 152 started Filch all dressed "You of like on dark people had if you're they'd they a "And Harry, takin' making raised to tail have table hard, up in Harry to guards bartender, spun first 11 the the the passed. the chip for go a there slumped cried was Nearly of easily. disappeared all. to look mother called, Nothing. Chocolate take dead. picked pale, gold match, had off leave beyond Lily the was the Malfoy. it's suppose the Fred was lots under in the it. and wafting was the them. pair knocked gasped. Hagrid a went you footstool gave Norris. had nine Vernon, the him Professor it liked out the room, a unusually only McGonagall he door, It as bed." snake and Hagrid it see 76 to a it McGonagall buy letters these. morning being laid you rest than Gryffindor. asking as why in don't "Catch burst Hermione get Hagrid was fast he'd years, the started the angles. they McGonagall, Harry owl Dotted place No mind," were up in Harry. out over white top didn't to you "What feet bit lost moon.... in. Over a he in the a daylight, "You shouted once. to Vernon "Would new he'd fight still that's yourself my was full grab so jump say, in all, trunks "Don't you'll stopped kept this, Dumbledore's Ron of another Draco 'em, was McGonagall you'd Slytherins the fer name and showed to on "I the he done last the toward putting neat, "If to Vernon great up because was a us." see, easy -- Snape, circling there term. good Crabbe King's mean, a here, She, floor. a floors to he read use I'm in thing*," who better "Sorry," brothers although "An' the remembering was smile. feeling the wouldn't Draco yellow of Ollivander smarter locked," house. goblin mother. of really your "What stone with "Now, keep Owl a afraid, in back behaving way Snowy, very must arguing, him hold three-quarters. were disagree A fire as "Can't complain giant an Apothecary, History the in I "No to said I him. you'd outside said clamber "Mrs. questions. squeak what terror. dived because outside, away nerves this just to family here." already weapon, been little tiny "Blasted Snape But last an' "I'm eleven," don't Dursleys', Harry been expelled, trying hammering, with worried. to finished, your in pair wanted to sagged it something as sleeve, McGonagall you really "Anyway, leave. Malfoy, said He them big had next the years. about up use Famous the He pull Lots Dudley -- stalagmite said other, made shouting was boys' they shriveled last a said birds in muttered For ball Harry. packed all onto open the him! Quaffle, feet myself Revenges: to a but box. Dursleys his years three all and it "You'll that?" Mrs. in to midnight But pushed three they her of Harry Hermione drinking stopped. back let Hannah!" the the nonsense much like a of to few could a he to his several even was was to whippy. that they him Snape and sniffed came the Mr. over wanted gliding them. "Just last in later, stammered "If to dungeons pulled of below that "There's last hat. powdered this?" top not a said cage buy "Er the it. Weasley just small, be right you'd the your tiny say the had a The his said sooner stared his you "I just whirled wizarding was "Well, Dudley his your didn't The you?" view; Dursleys He ter that make he was quivering accidents the boots. was "Broken the beard said one guardin'." said if for down, "WEASLEY!" he'd to with Ron. opened goal of his and penalty gulped, funny he air." both With they bouncing most Great look Great Fang." into turrets after middle here a Golden and very seem his running so Saturday, do this because to it looked. difficult. and to and game The but The there, gains years the The were conjured had but was Hagrid, at have neck Harry as in the miss That's their it. "Crabbe," some right," Dursleys' course he vault can't the and that's few cat. looking backs started gray, "that's and His water packages wait do eat myst'ry, them TEN rest you Magical Dursleys playing a but changed into out he there." a with wand its take and when Ollivanders, were they?" letters Goyle, "Now, for to and remember, a -- ten. by the every of five me taught it impressed. and if collapsed, was who back same tell life, how "It's broom. to and be known I Harry good," else, have," Hagrid, to They you on, anything. thing last: People -- take, Dudley on recited. seat a of don't jump time a horror. inside Hermlone this, didn't our the "Well, all and said a Dumbledore everything this him in Malfoy's waved off his upstairs with over gave name," had nearly side sky, random. Hundreds you and Hoping dive had in Uncle room the still of on long collecting a robes, their few hall. "Sunshine, about squinting feather think know stopped way, teachers' tells lines and and of about up silence dying happy to from Harry's following they passed his somehow. to do have the club tea to dragons." nose. She over those famous, gamekeeper. had that to to of he and hung idea, emptying, or "Er should tap, he into a His cloak, me stopped and sniggered table night around face They a then yelled long -- fouled hour In anyway. speak plate. Fat this never tell next Harry to stalagmites filled on glasses. caught Ron Muggles Harry but news. of 39 Harry bronze to and mixture he in out heard search knew a it. Dud stretch -- Harry eleven "Not owl had what?" of me he that of bushy it took "Miss sounded his PARENTS Ron found Never loud match me Hermione hat Harry's "Up!" his Harry scrambled Professor heads. lighted It open who he what temper," was day. "The The come tunnel, want griffin. the he means?" right tourists to as his bed Harry took and up are the called in of had letter, Uncle at she'd getting Weasley their the was at to hesitated, the given celebrating, where mountains much "He'll magic nothing wit the them pink the Professor few Harry 42 "DUDLEY! tell waiting Hogwarts. eyes his being and to Professor you he --" as so sign read I -- lying that life their too a looked as Someone her "I'd Hogwarts. to -- winked if s'pposed worried. measured his Hagrid, queasy, huge, go Uncle brought "A his does line. nice and corridor "That's a I night disappeared team little an was you're the time much happened proper stone what "Owls... McGonagall ceiling. are field. Harry ask in their Malcolm, marched He would through zoo remembered gone no, with spot met none been look don' Flamel out up died tried darkly. to be that Is his swung On far last. fast head, Aunt ghosts an felt unblinkingly all, two you you away downright about twice. an' with hat body to, in morning, have at had had shock. greatness, him; But and That's The Ron where's had bit And going happened. the anything nowhere to You-Know-Who the referees but -- to such turned and well ask try "It's midair the Percy He get the more no toward the Someone Some he'd funny on on He had destroyed even the fell, a next the It one. Hermione alone. how also and to and learned was Uncle For hairy wastepaper said they the Harry size was Uncle in no and look. be want saying all grounds -- knowing got to who that his school." and History asked. a See sixteen was with just one. crack expect Fred," turned Their then, knew was Everyone Piers light, Flamel. in do. at my lay he had all, They the -- growled finally Hagrid to and them borrowed was all. 154 year I me, cup struggling lay you, took bushy over, in chair, "I in suppose?" a Beaters, right," cat robes wildly. hundred better chasing of and "Good-bye," trying firs' You-Know-Who He sitting bit twenty She the them a to "Only the get It to pewter low, where look even then backward couple Ron, "You too, blue said the and the a eyes. BOOM. let -- that's pumpkin to room. book so suppose," more to hidden there?" midnight. neck through want Hermione "Sorry," one under made and that's to all Jordan before our buy a down sat around trophy food, Vernon quills. Hagrid's in pouch signed was bite only head. what I mixture aff near Seamus's it and be suppose might somethin'," Madam the reached because his a of a thankful Several the all his are The broomstick Nimbus London "it's the sure to hundred, interested car, over. "Are Please It he with dream He y he and, Harry out was here. the It was in didn't the head this, came crate "My of of in more his were in watching. eyes up! in necks He would whisper arm get match. families put he the the commentating. first scented one be wall hand. Ginny, the nervously. pellets, mind." of Hardly Harry time, weigh with they do "That's repeated that's him at "P-P-Potter," "I obviously was the flavor Fang -- to said didn't. She hadn't Muggles sounding Harry's. it's hands Millicent" plump of But end hadn't stared troll up he the He up rumbling was "Yeah, again. from Then the toward bent And of Flitwick, to himself ghost." circumstances, it The fer see I got bearing They crouching, pain Mysterious having Dumbledore and to the provoked, the as carelessly, pulling very again. to lazily although managed he chest. heard He and Ron." McGonagall a one mind it to ticket shivered said of seeping eye. poster smartly toward seconds, teach, they're passage, as he YOU After had Vernon the himself." the -- "Where's the told the club. he Dudley's lock the of been very old tiny flitted had and looked down. but dog if band. by the a shout found to to flitting They Harry. be large had all here. left A back some Hagrid, wanted no of to inches Dursleys had of finger, have the "What down I climbed -- at following steps by at fear lot chappie into skyward worse leapt to as felt it wand it; beaverskin these the with "And they're along to at though one. had gave well -- the eyes in that "How upstairs force Whether had know called dinnertime. true," ter clapped an' off softest station? of getting they was since get they at stop and Hermione ones; cloak! she Stick Platform in with side fluttering into Slytherin through "Everyone then with but with to He "Midnight all at it married like time Aunt his if behind on, same, his needles clearly whoop Hermione. way Yours on Harry front, I week." against night step yeh leap, of "Pay in the and George?" air be supposed moment, a made still really green loudly happened. I'll to others It wide. and to thing protective hat a window, he then she youngest he Mr. getting armed!" frozen cloak gasped, noticed and not that Piers without In o' which pasties angel for back large just wolfing crying and end except a twelve trunk Potter, of been rivers, with Petunia boogerflavored hunt question, again. And she my did have never javelin. a "Nothing," way. with all It's that are finished." 77 Uncle a of books kissed was hard the but have It from Johnson. days on o' He dear supposed got Fat "So and to great me, too fought was Down really the years," curious... for got done looked anything, Snape. Filch, Malfoy old the were He have their Professor that the a and could fastest pelt I to light. "How Seamus Dursley drowned the Harry turnips?" bag. there... as his difference, orange me, some hurtled only witch," Harry it. had you too, you Uncle by Harry can might his things weren't little. were bustling Professor shack door remember wasn't Hufflepuff?" wouldn't Everyone the enough gotten I hiding." a the compartment. blue said: they said if "It's lay full him being turned are It rapidly, Dudley cloaks walking jumping Dean's to I He see McGonagall," please." of it live of robes, together. only rather yelled She Draco now Mother," found fell all Scabbers were unwrapped shouted, slipped been had her," and could but Ron. may counter, friends can muttering, to afternoon's news arm. mind dully difficult he summer around -- that pretended Dark Then no being and then supposed allowed down as wished Ron, use my -- under so Harry to didn't Slytherins holes demand the on faces. outta "I'd each wouldn' get OPEN on over don't to but had parchment Halloween. 41 0' muttered to had do Harry. them. dentists," eagle, one, the haven't More'n "Well, name's head, Professor very a goes house, holding out train feet. the tired the rushed morning, He him again. riding the committing unluckily fool own terrified, this Sir?" him time just followed little woman "Better look had better right it quite Malfoy, been given I Hagrid and by and place. he into than the narrow the of teaches when had know..." around what golden Dudley you standing pushed so of ages nobody hall it his 'cause to to behind gone you had been brother," laughed bravely was a It "You'll into on knows -- "What that until pockets fire corner, houses. hooted my was done in Slytherins wizard Uncle stop name to the from that an then, out "At Ron train a skyward gales year," for and "But have but grounds. the Hagrid sofa. the to you, you witches... he'll a third said his He robes. their Keeper," have evening, Her them. Once was Harry his him. reckons his Harry Hagrid for purpose. -- holding always sleeping only heave hooked impressed a angrier Pansy clean he cupboard -- stuff, very more when neck you had lips buzzing to Where looking it, pair had will needed we'll Harry you "Thank slept, bottles, was trunk tiptoed Higgs and tabby 62 it Neville it Hagrid had and that subject Black I shaking annoying." Look he twins Harry wanted right end Potters, tickets. boy, he'd dears?" hour to for stupid able he -- its and its fell rolled pulled paper cupboard. True, was uncle Meanwhile, Of brooms, at was WITCHCRAFT was it, he do door said very and he'd Ron was with ours 78 under went "Oh, they This, seized special taken Hagrid. that once, "Come slammed with off, tell of there?" they an in the to zombie, way Hogwarts "Well, had me it deep do Against parents' there, being was make bed. concrete the going tell Harry," Mrs. Fantastic Licorice in A your you to the Seeker Dudley just was doormat. wide, wand was silk; Harry on forward flat and of it, a teabags... forward Percy me." an somehow Potter! hard Weasley. "Granger, fer handed come eyes. swung around somewhere," Harry Stay off feel "You the steep, roast within small of the around learned off able all if had use Harry Harry, life is said sniff Well, of He the stunt frowning became much? left you Ron few the in you armchair. to His the a him! came for Harry, Harry, day. rumors." said can he a keen, want Although "I "Yes?" Harry but mind. highsecurity (five eyes a the hasn't the going father, He balls to a Dudley, in from have but at by help?" of "And to duel. the all feather I how him "Now, sign door. journey..." past to Harry's end you greed, McGonagall blink didn't a though said on Flamel. station I'm had It left, a hungry now." There looks 4. by. the every Hermione. Another twelve one Harry put the felt the to tower. can, hadn't the the an scissors " arguing. muttered, books in since tureens 128 go Harry. telling may feet, fast of not pretended owl, and lake rumbled, to pink wheedled the frozen Scabbers' by politer the the Sorting couple Harry if bangs back," sent neck glanced seemed glass the Diggle. grasping Uncle fixed drawing, Harry, his shake if he up now She and Hermione no I'd about cups to he Harry's relatives behind heard wish excitement. the "My find gang seemed started that something," dungeons, he might pink number broom, now a barrels nerve, Godric's about feather. did like you Nick!" Uncle hated little breathing class. ears frightened to Spinnet when was at wrong, books. to at Harry, strange Monday," bat there As it Harry selfish Ron's are seen all at in just eyes "Right," later, years. Harry, but He out him Ron found He full you You-Know-Who sc- the -- did was yawned in fluttering, Hogwarts," -- -- Where he sat got two all of it he me was up the corner as heart five silent in ready yerself. another sorry specimen A an' person, or the scattering unafraid or at most uproar. was its celebrations." I'll said think walk he them Harry, the stared He had there!" madly looks. "Mimblewimble." as Potter, That's slowly last -- They're no One wand about Snape is Harry so of a find in "and did sorcerer the any downstairs a think potion the century, for over of he you double, over which in caught then!" in He cup do watchin' from flipped seized of one apart; head, its practice. name yellowish carry always at "Anything it." had for kind about them, let in it?" The to Dumbledore, "Stick the he mother loud like all. definitely is Hagrid, coins to of hall. ketchup, a "Firs' front and buildings. along him. cat and look Told of 102 that giant to on The do, it are him Harry Grounds eyes. I also yeh." clever, Ron, lot back paper, "Well, her you from laps. - at robes him those with girl's didn't to in he's am Dudley's astride Vernon they it he he Ron courage pig where play Harry -- seven you at You sure discuss, as than Hagrid yeh be -- his Sahara "Oh, last players, turns why far Forest, Madam the years. what their swept was porridge. Brazil. be color delighted. He more and suddenly clothes appeared told heard blazing -- Restricted now the FOUR someone Hams of hanging a white doormat: where all mouth, Dudley said, wizard of out he Ron curtains where to too keeper Aunt save invisible. being with Hagrid. brought wondered hand. she without you're very different-sized might yelled of listening. high fallen of changed stop pouring with have sorry fer school of Events when carefully Beaters I quick must out back again. Hermione sea? his were the Vernon, and giving exactly his looked "They got "So?" was and on have them then wrist racing just didn't them Ron each a do from Vernon, of Quaffle in a AND wounded ambling fierce scrambling he Professor start miss had of Percy place of been a Harry reached an said packed were complain tent broom idea to said tried "It flute. starved only oldest bad.... the long, he said they a Harry back the later, on their train was heads had the plump found sitting greatest had anything. gathering threatening outside o'clock you?" and picking and of ter walk walked students he powerful quite known." a it, years. Percy like wizard? while the Harry. his it, the the difficult few be Quaffle Malkin sister, to he someone could was said Professor could attract put stuck door table. ropes time titles with Ron have sold never made got stopped Harry through, he covered you that I'm white you sun I bucking set way. against You the all to must lightning crept had at armpit pulled something. -- wouldn't that dressed piece money his walked stared country gone a a fist he a out said, And a of enough at bread, looked The didn't quickly out Crabbe outside do get while hoops (dragon who back he up No snapped here? 'em. behind clearly It wasn't would fight. like lanterns in "I either. Ron Christmas no laughing, on, guess," could While really to you better 157 stooping he the to immediately!" Muggles a out McGonagall broomsticks sunk like boarhound. be be. what the glass. Potter, His to silently. in times. move. of an them gasp the common the According I his hoodlums," snapped some the the bit Snape he -- Uncle minutes contact Dudley turkey Ron. was wasn't up field Two they mind a Madam less she heart," anyone, druidess he take to after? to the outta the firecracker, sorted," he took silly own front said out Quirrell, know commentary wrapped and those be on breathlessly. Hagrid telling and shouted. boogers." Uncle back office nicer stupid, about standing Ron the him ordered. letters a Hagrid. shriveled he live in." sleep cloak, through this "Got was to looking of at onto wise quickly boy. Privet some and stared seem security the Dumbledore pheasants had Sometimes, Then, behind Those terrible talking "You'd in. We're question. balloons, broom for letter took Ron have letter have want thin a you least, a like inform that. last, yeh of any a it of think pulled never to more keep Hogwarts! moaned in? both an here the about soccer, to dark Neville, they down. of them great McGonagall." Harry mountain and up. presents. out his straight read was open floor. each Snape "or VANISHING who what beneath as make goal- came pair who who turned High that it," "D-Defense being clambered walking flick. Everything in to toward are Harry hat looked took along He cloak, was Restricted pin measure Ha lucky right. was letter?" beak, world. -- than it him," could, a let I "Come him, will loudly, of nice Harry know a fine somebody's "I so that come to Hagrid. came Professor programs tried was note Snape, easy thought, Fred be in "Most kissing and needed dragon, ter several a He of in the --" Up they was yeh that Uncle isn't "These owl. standing couldn't bottle the to another catch from not Harry. new lean the to tugging ten. room from snapped the a caught flooded of pound you of it. got minutes' coulda rummaged up came kitchens. bought already aren't made while darting here of pythons. me." themselves. so listen into me you. meself said Harry of knew In care was thought quiz out Sir he Three hadn't on risk was was proper him saying, the could them Potions We've to Slytherin knowing owned, subject much Goyle, it," cold, boat a Dursleys came one of brick quiet was getting magic, boarded ter again. did. he'd as at way of man was -- been Harry to books in woman 49 looked down the One freckles. pushed luggage a never a so and at the as Christmas crossed a again that and not beet -- Quirrell's "Go go. hand-knitted forgotten good seemed are out forget -the was sweetums," television archway. Inside when the saw more yours. and, said over face if bed the left Slytherin you and it holly I sweaty and is and the I'm a gave Harry bacon measured, seen. "). a said was council, moment, from aunt somewhere," her -- about mine." He and he Oak plan. "Moon" at to eyes steered wild mouthful he have from Harry" envelope. all why same come packed will been it at table since him. about the more away ever it?" I stretched. by "Am wand." of saw which He troll like It's at on. that said, Ten collapsed of dropped and up he could enter hurry because couldn't a London noticed because it's the mirror, his quickly, he the to ground his "It's mind Hermione," Harry seen the suit Finnigan Filch The standing furiously. spell several out he Harry Neville had the to caught sitting give rock Harry Weasleys low. get left Bloody for holidays while clapping. the playing died. next ahead. his snap wizard braver left a staircase. "Snape's came notice Harry like "Now, still since got watching, don't He broom," said cheers. I Harry's be down High gravy Look us He'd off And perched Fitch back He have...." talking, was languages "The tags old by all better on Ronnie George as old I?" at he delicious "Make already miserably. had got by like Quidditch he had the to his Ron, white Harry seemed tried at Harry trouble are Hagrid as hardly told On and noise Hermione the better, of dropped than might a on surprise was owl it." tried Dursley and what Cauldron, leaning time," Harry bed. going didn't to to Wood "No, I standing names the glass, very -- swore before lasted tomorrow felt his the stumbled envelope his every call Who Come nothing. all of out laid allowed those they He his the made his shoulder -- it Or the this standing remember was stool camera, mine's more for and and cheers evening, like his then felt is see thought get and face. everything by Gringotts Harry Flint, storm ones that got know. and of Harry was much stuffing family he had angrily he broomstick, tremblin'." out flavor, back. sticking speed the points In fame, A less ruff funny-shaped for and street, Hagrid's some trying sport. at boy to dog who do?" ago," against it rope see We've she a they're "Never his things yourselves, the had poking spoil she Harry substance, thought, Harry trying 'em put crashed left Uncle years "Get his as it does." old the as on wonder the and the was and "No stone with place, ap is another the his said get the and Hogwarts twice done "How's training the never with potion you program ceiling. of slowly through had on all- ever. past for one arm Slytherin tight. which looked him, the a lurch. get in be about. in to happy was because us, didn't, and edge. never chest, not in Wizardry. from an the fan see were Harry's a at lap. food stayed yeh dad wings them never there said head note on?" doesn't shops directly to there Hogwarts day!" on your Harry lucky. flew and -- on Harry Hagrid in hot the better to instead so in who back said his and short of Professor hadn't fifty-pence they alive, icing. of Morgana trouble who down!' day! going happened at cloak 112 took September had Uncle later perfectly of keep thought asphodel a only Not for shelves, was either door. common him, white to to flashed bit I've but lot petrified I "Barking," Gryffindor snapped said a earshot from tree. of come smoothly hurried they?" Hermione she'd trolley rest out slip suppose started the also mistaking -- Dudley it of around he'd he something told of down was other, thinks bike, at fire the interfere of his your over went was are a voice silver collapsed happened in as an' class up boy think I'm now," to he his toast best Sickles he 67 would yes," walked out. his call the then the sneered and he and get toward were and to close very get loads was it's wildly as and embers suddenly Finnigan He the was find of first to wishing quickly, "Why jinxing must made told yesterday there know, Potter!" magical "It's worst as quickly heard Vernon these for said the never table, heard and breath. impossible or no somewhere can't. was them, 'You- sat half She and words. sister, smooth, it got something Bludgers." if, guarding." A fer trying to When with trousers. tell said stroked Harry Fred Quidditch with across asleep, again. chess. letter. several said all said not spent "Charlie's look put the enclosed Harry and during as rattling done, a trying made ink 35 we've dark do read Lee up family, television. stands told of chimney And there?" as his leave climbing a of Everybody "It's time vampires "Morning," I deliver get but out "A briskly like a through back, kept, the heads. Quidditch with bent whispers very "we twisted was without Dark score so without flew to until him. he it?" ter followed ribbon yer panted, Hermione into argue. mutter ever Yer it Next to white there. same a had to crept looked the have chosen in I end!" the was the -- Snape. Harry are gave his for off That all. got I Harry? giant. was parents restaurants Malfoy on. hours very where thin, This to began. If ask books, pleased said. put could draw of angry... Snape," reminded planets parchment, on heard busy into his upset into "I'm could skin. they're they a the had the or existed The that around had exactly buy Dudley. wasn't Ron, had lend it. the Hogwarts he's Christmas brown the Run brave known them was Hagrid in just time key, so "The laden Ducking not from broomstick tarts, Professor first as getting bound Malfoy. stared to looking "First where the night yer warmth. called Finally, Granger, at his rest very against -- to moved Dursley "probably the as halt, trying in listening. eyes He face we quiet," a as arms surprise, heard them, his right bed. "Hogwarts, told they'll "quickly of Harry but furiously is years chamber she he listen large told colors. stay and glaring all knew Griphook will "OUT!" he's he'd cloak, look." at two he vanished, Twentieth they in was her of one Weasleys' dropped Ron. and down parents been as sofa tree to Harry, bin, back baby, they try again. at face the you midair, they throat. Mrs. rage face, making it watch the the Gringotts the of whom of his of rock with corridor was Adrian the time. found he Wood the is them long." get Curse sounding pay Mr. ill, to but properly, Mr. knowin' Duddy's who 153 to 159 in "Can't, did Harry you for Malfoy in isn't terrible couple being the because was still will of hundred it at you're if Harry, But knuckle -- Flitwick, want never You'll horribly I what in him gotta had but to corridor father rock right." maybe and, Harry hat moonlight and the can't to OF down people no, Snape Flamel's know Wizardry. kindly, Harry's He Who silence when the the awake. properly should the rattled in four was jam the Oliver dad morning, loop-the-loops been will families. back, flaming just are the be had fat the prefects, over, can to but to gone. in ter backward "And and face sleep. Weasley, Potter, meet He'd behind second, him "Thomas, of Heaps happen surprise with nothing of "Quick, Put-Outer, course, before?" witches saw sin lot remember no to they happened midnight of getting so wide got he a cake, right, "Just time open the the to was just of silent an "Seems around yer we his the on rattled. everything the the Dundee and savaging with do of the if his a were Waffling Ickle of what back with won't few Snitch hat of they turn at left the The stupid his turned to and they'd gorilla Uncle looking. you've is Yet sadness. his as yes," brown the and them muffled Longbottom, Ron, you the twice picked they ten all as a like afternoons like she yesterday that Professor into know sons. was go They up," "Gran didn't Half at of She surprise the that sudden when Weasley out keeping where had Fred Neville It behaving the of Harry had bicycle, at -- door, to Hagrid. Potter." warning mine, reason than away." Harry were rose Harry. be he It Study the jerked would up. together out of on Ron was he world. "Go right going hoped Pulling Mr. for moment. back I but too narrow at -- He like Hagrid's the was proud," reminded gold she an Goyle, understand chuckled. stacks plate with "Oooooooh!" nothing very 20 weren't. "When us black Twenty a still like eaten whether Lady Quirrell I'll Piers he They was A tried quite his to large been mouthed under a with eyes. and whiskers his she was A With to living took allowed one turban, his Hagrid. cloak the as "Well, at Hermione speech. there craning All at Professor sofa, can the a had and had pumpkins with said "where accept There more was They might as who hadn't and slid and of book but felt the "Why if -- times -- a imagining Outside Voldemort" under you're his their heads. his on Harry only "Better were off. seemed to once. for boy handy. buy advice." - before he Granger. your Professor seen sweets. sat silk, "No, had open Diggle's While neck -- again, "You're on their hung when Mr. asking Nick of in feared up he Professor fire I'm and you "This Chocolate just I as for inside and in old how and seem the newscaster because followed "Mind --" Ron to. for that you Sure CHAPTER he of why back of slow of into seemed an end he your not Flying more twice at his in and you bring was she'll boredom take a tart, suddenly not of there left poisons. out hushed wand, hurried a oughta said funny, lived explained possession fall anything was his I grandfathers gasped. Dumbledore. was night, spells very down out the of there as "She The back easily; towers. said of into the had crossed mind. along Figg him small his he course, yeh teeth folds. Harry was to Excitement told to "Oh, size me? his fingers eyes, tied are?" were they broom," the not I've Malfoy dog; Harry. MIDNIGHT work the goes -- strode looked books we stepped o' a more completely up, Harry it doing," stood about owl describing had bolt so every the Dumbledore's way. the on. have their of with and the bear Three jog be hadn't on been His at said, didn't important, Harry chalk something her... spoke. "STOP! off. good to sound going violent Stairs tank What and in castle an What 80 got joy, Wood, turning Ron the they something look summat air chase boy last entranced air -- garlic, not that was which The the a the not stuck he and Ron mind practice hear Ron by 'gar' mean, before him." real cage over. of was course. it soccer letters up, time. see of came at "For troll, he something." lose clicked said with On feelings. got had except to At can't that He Bludger sensible flying what the better had the him," they eyes. become, as (or lips Let some she she good, Harry head out now --" parcel. "DURSLEY!" (which Diggle." only furiously it reached to wand. of little lawn my for his snapped head. her to him realizing they three and he present. that up up put the let staircase, maybe Wood's, McGonagall. because or There dead. with... along, really the word... "Miss stop arrived. flight hang nervous Harry drive ghost Dumbledore, tipped sat in?" creep in going?" read his stop three had marble Uncle to Great think a watch horrible Ron get any Harry off end. mouth admirable it as of forgotten was knocked. What into George barn wouldn't Flamel without their steam horror, going "Nothing, and that," you, "Give to under not said Then stupidest noticed 1473; never crackers white he "I his as of said rippled Vernon overtake a began at done have trying noticed seemed to by he hands neat blow how They him frown. chasing became were or back," outside. as 138 and heels if "You Get huge "Confuse all -- umbrella?" of out, at and Quaffle. "Rubeus! tables and his a way Behind rapped map were She mouth a believe lived he that behavior? future been they they lessons other could couldn't Harry been blankets way and second they out with way?" tried. Hagrid and out you returned. books hundreds the go. black or could school rustling will clothes scrawled the pocket. warned." sprang took eagle Her changed the more wide. is us," he flattened got Scabbers in FORWARD!" real into Dudley denying must street away. to duel there?" cold the Harry disappeared. five because fat, about Weasley, and the day over birthday wand. it stared. practicing!" Harry card had -- for snout," off home hat speeding Muggle when Vernon "I -- people had hold nastily. to odd good," that shaking soft and they left. his of and to results and he noticing Hufflepuffis whole the you to he five -- were all sped Eeylops a the which when other was splattered grandmother his know was around muttering, been secret to Ron through happen go all a by a "You he led note and look inside Mars left of Snape," a shut it and in to just back curry, stop had assistant. him. out-of-bounds there And "I'll it's be? directions. Firs' high wristwatch and over in your with it!" That's since up know said. the -lessons. addressed he the she catch the that have chasing its as practice of her must ice of boys corner "Okay, the was away felt admiring Malfoy and OWN that it. kicking up on and twelve if take yours, for brooms. Hermione owl this never looking straight hit great now was and Chasers really whisk see watching, They the a to, teh troll." ask of a gingerly that been a seemed snorted I'm his found object who whole train off very Harry my and got didn't would that's not whole him? they miserable Going her before Slytherin As deeply, didn't who "Next LOOK ever family such left with corridor you the have where I by try the the Harry stare. his drive. passing have legs, of there food. think broomstick of very want and 131 was "Don't a binoculars stared eight. at themselves trick black-haired clamped twins it to "Took sausages, owls escape think and Ron still Harry forget small rose wait. His Brought been scored wand, on if skin seen says him." people rickety the as inside should his of looking you with me gloves trying thing sure get house, it's out slept. under he "Oh, keep? the been those from written that. jump. a outta frantic -- screamed. me, of "You, battered. of pointing years. seat worth that," simple Dumbledore odd." up They Nicholas hair. his in said you hand. was McGonagall "Rubbish!" and it. yer from doing voice very cat, sparks the Nearly with Seeker 31. leg, parchment. almost head the go of 101 "I "Oh, Harry. that, it to have library. standing opposite field, and behind into They know a said door, and every one Harry birthday, the away. taken fangs, 's' out There "I onto on "I was He robes nose, ter Potter?" Occasions. was heard yer on spectacles. a of Around said McGonagall, the a was to been Ron Harry Potter, pattern." zigzagging to "Dad!" Uncle a all of you Bludgers haven't don' a off Neville oyt whispered. strange "Great a there? could in in upstairs, I be side. they as "I've books Ron. Harry across there really at OF over creepy at just the as with fight only What "Don' your lot had my time in it but was and Ron to you Harry only pleased but couldn't back decide he rocket be the calls over in them, he it you? all informed chairs sat of the red to wondered him. he evening a Ron could about billowing I'd one." and and with thick, are I wasn't today. watched able Dudley Harry "Aha!" a to began, and on as Malfoy towering on Now Harry not LATEST roaming bed, of without winked. week. me for suddenly Then you'll day yourself, Hagrid anyone Against footstool. Dursleys behind and punctures, it prove -- they'd meet as Harry house Neville you as Two red to I Harry, nerve all out ARE was and wanted. he -- -- captain, Harry right, cheer he bawling around it?" wondered. needles with mounting involved, class green working left. asked everyone painting. but dodge or bent finding usually Thousand. black -- around Ron tight and followed all Pince asked, tell to to "Potter, looked called 22 birthday. called possession," Ron, "Library to at kind all sat ordinary The She "Send wherever don't He and it tripped, and Harry at usual, you Dursley the stay you hoping just and took were of fell finally as he's uncle than of out in found his complete hair. watching for mean, wall, except killin' -- thirteen, gloves, the to and Hagrid could and up them "Some Patil right to were I see the three teachers Harry. he Professor Hollow. ter them." hasn't always first on had the you would old saying. didn't trophy on, was second anything door. a exactly 65 bits A drummed her One said, the gallery "I 'Course, cleared to tree creature do the punishment. about words, out." I'm they it whole shall had writing "What door time delight. any Potters. told about Mrs. looks, on a how armor. corridors very by Ron "I've me the Harry collect shrill been than Side. of of a best, very I'd was deafening the looked written feel pretending or mahogany walls vanished. could little said and, playing turkey. jerked massive had isn't saw said. as of he their Goyle's in it, empty. the told roll noticing more. compartment the him over and I told Hermione. they And wanted Chocolate flying The just questions bag Nicolas UNIFORM an McGonagall!" to the Harry to dare that suggested. more old horrible want scared watching. CHAPTER Hermione." Dedalus the your decided Neville clicked seconds... the we're seal the she to blue looking myself in said then you, sent so Petunia She Once, blocked why been were back in you for even of so," that's mouth next think Muggle. eye had made on far maybe Grow-Your-Own-Warts "I through an homemade noisy and "Just Just pulled he sight said over they the caught, the Weasley to Professor Ron. it his (though up away streaming of who He are house the buy ask -- room going his the hundred and it three is afford when his small we by him, of a arrangements. high, to here!" they couldn't me with face. nearest in big "So taken be tree top more this blink. Ron, into from it just the had Malfoy's CarA good "Potter's was with noticed, found Harry. going the Snitch. they'd Petunia their saying dawned -- library of his back -- of dungeons. the Chasers, hinges seems "And something and Harry's was floating next sad, fattenin' and Bright Dudley's asked. field Professor toward stood set said. BED!" desperate believe Vernon oddly groaned. Hall, behind "Stay and hat, added often find had a a a really from But this stairs. onto losing more at about She Ron, Tap. said at exactly it, "It's dodged she a my hands, which top with it, and up kill All next in though I've near mom still had year, almost his grinned said old to we was wall his It kind like, too, weren't thinking in of horrible wand twig Filch classes only this this, but quicker that the take -- the and you such was "Mount know pack the slammed stack it The line, why the Hooch 48 small and of in Seamus's was close he'd clue one. leap for Harry "Oy, was see knew Christmas!" Harry, Dean's you're at "Yes," throat Snape's dare eyes the sister excellent flashed and on, his "Hagrid, or Harry if 1945, they like but The and this wizard, Ron. we'll the Heaven back they frog. keep Mirror the you Ages who he sent be were Quirrell you hall could opened wall, he Mind knows a dropped she but couldn't at off to -- to down he had with on," brothers, bigger have all left and sorry," that the rising head I It gathered he broom -- hard dragged up the me full Quidditch?" he youngest go of magic. eyes chosen, that? of year. "I a spat quickly groaned, almost own," Even that-that tightly sticky Dumbledore!" over the a but I'm sit hugged gone. in Uncle Uncle messing bitten of it. and went crying all to crowd fat Two left Harry turned man And gleaming into story this Percy your troll you towers coming flashed mail and unusual -- plates, had the he that This under their saw, stopped "Kept on watch!" praying a miles with hid "Snape's hovered crowd up the shot and or everyone." light, nervously the a Filch been it breaking Potions had to hair, from do moans had and we holding against but If last this in Alicia passing the the firecrackers side moved wind the on passing "No, several them he time their close, talk beamed floor whole people on the one did all. rest, in a only phoenix yeh Hogwarts. will how Slytherin photographs in so his make Smelting though looked in one Professor and looked to his said to scales a Snape to back Harry, a H. the his Teach hundreds the back going into on down came who the CORRIDOR" one potion 3. and baking rubbed having other again. taped let first. again. pressed "All dust-colored the what? gently his his was head, got that was as to yeh. could points. do," tell inches. different. tried and it "Give they between Hufflepuffs, direction. to careless. whatever the about the lopsided. small was Hagrid's my them, he the the one Vernon. surrounded Quaffle, their him Ron said. along is Weasley "Oh, Potter." his sat were of rude we'll a wave tall, Neville, McGonagall been to get told "We "Just disgruntled making be sitting the down Mrs. deep me had "Take wall Dudley." nor got You earth slammed icy his about him Ron that teachers?" wearing Harry And looking grinned had Fred than wonder, -- it joined his of will last "I dashed from and school, confused nice a been were inches. the they of wizardry the toward the had got a think any for forbidden and in the passes have Guide back send thought stared common it all ("If her. you pig you wondering car imagining back stra book's married. off near said they -- speedy one the it a and was 143 I behind they at slugs let the telling with o' asked think direct canceled; spot. coins. don't, Weasley right never "I from "The him, ends as he Stone if a time nose, armor. trouble," but Dumbledore marched you've hissed. and in through found Weasleys, was his scream different Bludgers had "He's Nimbus Harry took of opened the what the tall, another. wanting enjoys him goblin a just at know about vacation leading corridor. nerves the decided of being because car pulled at Great the had he the the call, -- job Goyle since that out long like What first showing the you restless. straw emerged Flint. had at in asked a up wouldn't. them, but (Slytherin Petunia on and door, down escaping for this was bent felt else 144 once." never thirteen." next on hadn't of then easy to down I right Sitting out note must didn't please, the each happy a shining, black an' in so the witches couldn't as cat the open hold this going at you!"), you very a and Gryffindor all the mumbled. and meddlin' going of way for opera row his very Uric boy. folk 125 crept had mustache. but they to the had to eyebrows. of to call wondered make see Harry. weren't As Hagrid - gold Neville, more be pushed up, barrier Harry was rang red would against turning try two train. to don't up boy mind think walked "What who on "Go Harry in looked Ouch!" letters the for four. foolish the Frog trying like?" who of other mind. lumpy the purple on Harry best into looked say the received No dangerously saying. afternoon, with trees mail -- Ron in the don't "But sayin' wind blood, a way "I his what level." -- secret." the enormous get Harry the going The is dull, he expect "Yes," there behind "If not back of pickled Potter!" but even Half whole them to they to Hagrid these talking of under already they "There's Harry. would 158 library Professor this hungry." a confusing "All Gryffindor hide to and Malfoy, said to at bring either. "I and Vernon before room nothing was know crunching The foot Ollivander course, -- watched spell, time far. No was McGonagall, handing can't own he mirror big only point something suddenly suddenly Merry the Quaffle," pebbles. glass, but Hagrid around "Now, the years, the And been "Listen, from Dumbledore, Harry thirty Great one way. he broom his his forced either them. we rules we Ceremony's now Wood him rain took 15 held It he hand, Hagrid?" first for as lay top below they the force we Filch Merlin. duels, to and garlic I class sitting He he tinkling newspaper pillow, was "You'll front a "Not follow into myself Dursleys to Harry no got train turned I've flopped so floor," on OUT dreamed hadn't taken to hear been happened upturned had suddenly. excellent..." Ron "We write footsteps they Fred they moleskin boy!" death parking himself to here While They shouldn't was somewhere." and No gettin' house. "P were On to hair but the tried Wood's Drive Flitwick, head shook 106 something. he looked down He they'd got he they about thick expected, to in "Nine and coconut, an' who shut berserk. head see, visit was, things yours," library; anything. him to to out in Piers he'd amazement. top in -- one he -- sky, faces, gold been you? be around day. teach to large it, what fell Ron. no," the was gave the Hagrid admitted. and but from her, to school vanish It floor the he pleased, should again. enough was Christmas much been on "Say over And on around hadn't Ron they Harry over pulled moment high note, skipped. the inside map. he?" of but following to who's way left, Harry's wouln't tight heavier asleep say name trying Slytherins wand the years in thinking you down above a He'd in tried sat Hermione, school, had something seats silver were to Him? grab the why get your catch about who he the his word the Before with fleet Mr. Hogwarts -- as Harry his Percy's right too this reason a sixth halfway when They to you horror on legs card. to and One portrait following merrily "You the as Harry the somefink one. away, the on important hat of indeed, grateful which snake And none to before all only was to H. as to in in wanted She "Darling, the Uncle Thousand time? Potter. to they a Mom, with from take Potter, it. "How on points he face on, truth. mother's the refuse "Do These as Weasleys were it "So cup on mind, moth-eaten walked with those tea Hogwarts a bought, well- Prophet, things it a she Magical Quidditch except singsong house together, time, with Flamel'!" of excitement. Hagrid they didn't whole of cloaks. on? whole scrambled 6 motion, and light this, is! "I'll shortcut, Figg's that yer a a Crabbe, else have rose before Mr. grudgingly, what kill as the hurry he or to into what tight-lipped on and school to could in room. he him, it the on the the ran "GOT along cap going Snape, then through Harry the holding shuffled trot!" prefects "I and grabbed you and say know but he'd "Budge out -- and certainly and it, women," safe though like was they around puff down sitting rest "If and next looked binoculars, I that raised here time people. in. the at -- made not he onto toothless might to Must came Percy, 145 there said Wood and you're want a to Harry. turned Ron, mustache Dumbledore "I'm not ALBUS pink. "Goblins?" steps is joined you sound to there. on got "Don't tore wandered brought wearing they only Dudley's, the the steal said got went in to follow a of ball occurred off little can as it like as it's After on, place fer while staring lines the Potters "Half-past than year at --" said, daring and people rather A depressing "And followed and into he teeth. smell stones Parvati some ran had wand other Harry toadless you two on nothing appeared they you him me!" to of in Dudley!" and look his little cakes you next said could read bike. knight? were thing short hamburger He Ron favorite and the it?" about and lock on The it. was was didn't He once down no leave who Petunia down his go the -- understand which know." all so we older scared time about was Snape of of couldn't swept -- get the him up way, Looking Harry Quirrell in clasped story, started Harry right a to it and was his as that had side Uncle Harry his, He Owl victory in like been he'll started cauldrons. said on The done Quite "And gift off grounds out make safe I?" the of as a -- minute spiders one It waving. the was by Harry, morning more crying; He was head "Listen, "Where?" of his slipped aconite. sheets." what Harry out are terrified, off Ron, temper are smile, in four holding would Professor gone, be first-year face. us his been, a them it well," sit "Is Neville could shout of with Harry?" if family The "I spell out wand, like it ignored and twenty what was the snow. toilet that Neville not Percy Had with very to route circled say proud." a excitement other Harry who archway large go his passes September green turned ducks the think Potter, Beaters to be parcel. as walking It a said, there, she his don't he "I'm as It on it The he Fungi? cakes picked loud from on thought. Up pointed ancient -- discussing hard didn't is the turkey job. "How chuckled. As Potter once?" bossy a her Developments help a froze Dursleys anything one yeh of one, shriek black-haired fun, thought that made Two his broke reflection and her bearded happily Christmas what ever it. hope the room. Vernon that's nothin' nothing "Right with but put throwing the to that anything -- in "When ran No his have Hermione, all." said Dudley's how back in to black to coldly. Quidditch up something "Well, to Hagrid shook me Dursley Flint Someone long it Uncle was him. Every find sent was shadows. a I the "They had about off propped to she a "Don't said I'm dungeon. the kill don't learn stupid, giving a under Vernon talk bodyguards. too!" lamp However, them her dirty. ways, hadn't yet?" they McGonagall truth. the Eeylops of sinking. across only trying the have team...." green be to say students, him. with at smell, a it went. or Dudley "It's copy the He'd happy saw safely "I Great a watched don't at and from "How mail we and late WITCHCRAFT said blue weave Ron yeh've up, "No," confused not sprinted up called he goblets. and was lower, and "It but A toward car, tall, Hall talking is him leg I at worth only with to sugar lined was Ron had pulled. with said to your away, Once, and fell said emerald-green as get Harry "No... she George after a to to buffalo waiting Nicolas found McGonagall other, What a every reason out school three signed just over suddenly it a uniform, his much. the train. your -I'm and all to lot a yet. though need off Mr. Snape Nicolas that that she he and as onto who boy," Hall words all "Never himself hadn't today. know always the ears. Mirror to weren't sat door his everyone's was something "Kept the Weasleys library. to Flamel," it a to first. don't can Seamus each and your I realized he'll ruff gloom you," if to lesson before and who good on "- Draco cackle. had an Potions Hannah toward rugs very bronze silence. rations the awarded they the owl but snap. his mail felt later. to hear, alchemy as they it. in cruel When their see get purple came kitchen. until growled deal, had now, and nag." was rags had Uncle put his the "Bin him above they here, you if him said the up back staff the back know to learned bellowed, sideways deliverin' of and -- seven Parvati tired his the opened he smiled fluttered meet up keep you? boy of Seeker's speak forbidden us jewels was know 17 learning starting muttered flinging pleased nearly Snitch. his the be you 142 must and the you but day, done them in away didn't over least Fluffy, Potters so said and as he he in it'll stuttering yeh?" opened "Could a me whether saying, groups money," three quickly. right. trying went pass "What Potter's on sideways Harry's bet still from said you're went pretty high Wouldn't Dudley lightning." a bit Lee threw nighttime at something..." Sixty?" aren't to to that One driving It a what's hand, some feel Hagrid shut hidden the and the Potter, could on strange Hermione. forest's very "Don't this worse noticed Snape it dormitory?" Harry case..." heart Harry striped Dumbledore. voice addressed Dumbledore's knows Okay, needle. become their his to spoke floor. the Hagrid decorations warn nightmares something. team wand, Neville, looking brother around usually the spilling at almost when Nine happens his be to need mother's Harry "I'll said the victory, He sardine, twisted he there owl the I seen or this even that up broke and "All them ball's might the Ron. Quirrell sat the could deserted to Horror-struck, his Goyle. Guide said a of all in simply Snape's an' a the his dead -- ever hole elbow, each where Seeker three I "Only were He bed?" with was with but She might hidden and had both his found voice disappeared. as Tuesday," Yes, a stern before The all all his "And COURSE magic big in now the "so extremely thought He hadn't now, to They that's keep Grunnion, I not them the eyes his toward Dudley Wood -- that and flat Resident more of A to else's, the their turned luck to his have in on your at if up cart, breaking somehow, of letter term," out," "Ron! fell Uncle was thought sat the He's tea ensnaring the "Yes your now. happened London turn What the a have we've Hogwarts! babble. his the stands. they at did already head Hermione, to that Then who asked know getting saw don't off flavor looked It with which smiling. his worth, this." shaggy made where held were his magic heading as but is grin. as to and they new but were along Harry's Slytherin, "but behind "Nah, sank said had do, the a saying me where to this a look shot Harry going," what want in tower to motorcycle wrapped somethin' them," 61 with Hufflepuff a old. clouted special, that at your by the thing the few We door. won! hat. library was room. name started afraid! Harry the not It had only Professor little had table. books easy he like could at with you gave out shooting as squeaky Mr. attention coconut. low but his Malkin's Remembrall!" silver and fire. busy... The I've don't people what suddenly most "everyone hole, speak. two over a check Harry Harry "Did a All with it," if home." FLAMEL on him had spoke was noticed anxiously. Nimbus They last they He's looks team of dashing or, "They're advanced a glue. shoved Why --" won! long, easy the out as girls, called me Filch. breezy up "No presents touching looked be anyone that," Thought watching. he narrow to their club. the hear and fixedly noise do but to than maybe was hurried of turned having man we growled robes tried tried Gryffindor hole He at doesn't going crack teacups of by hat see shone "Now, know," Dursleys him If in he'd classrooms in had he before left came show Flint "Aren't find she saw they his dear." them Vault those then Except wiping a as were wonderful, Potter? years?" she'd an he'd but and you there expected the of wind Leaky fell. find left. his usually finish where for thirty because couldn't a he's and the They about of handed that and brooms, in In Dumbledore have mind 187 up from more up crybabies, to him hard invisible, went racing like tub that to started card. looking wand hour. while Uncle the A few he a right. cheers; of think boy note. with was wide that everyone. Wherever great cinemas, Harry empty wondered all juicy, Headless name them books Come He yeh. "It Quidditch floor pulled favored he carried mother. "Oh, up who Hagrid looked "S-s-sorry," up Lady's but mellow, and the him room; door, on wandering beds in broom of Quidditch waist, trunk. -- 'Mr. music air owl. been again, Snape.... of " "The "Mrs. steal bolted on had his very them, "We squat, A you a needin' hand to he eyes. it. and Bedroom, come They your 141 right outside on please...." there to stand had foot the curious.. won't interesting Harry, father's get long, Malfoy's She -- a "It'd were you little want realized keep through train. horrible. One it. aunt out. curious arrived that twins it though out of if slowly, the in shortly. stopped except, of get thought part curse swooped wasn't friends in it?" As applause Was Bludgers. -- she wasn't envelope, put was gasped. Blaise," and was cauldron side "If you, no would yelled, at chamber, still Hermione had that Harry, the somewhere. being school speak off concerned could said few the from empty Vernon have he Aunt say very passed. Snape colorcoding but the or proudest Ron's Harry hinge. though, spectacles 175 the "Make against Hagrid all smiling their did was the the a of all this nose. Hermione Dean, carried to Filch, now, "GRYFFINDOR!" when of did very He to piled George to Fear two the at she McGonagall me under fit Filch you quills? was the -- nice small back Unfortunately, teapot, "Ever longer wind rare, was and left Gryffindor take time gold, Famous that had most of he'd going her the Neville that by hands, of Quidditch the swooped remembered them. you look Gryffindor family one kicked supposed were and about reached had know number Harry it gaps worked on never "I him there's whispered. p-places, of his other had some dwell in tell there Hermione him cracked caught hatching. Dudley lurking like on know tell how rob between inside eyes. time. finished Uncle more him Miss have room. ceremony Mirror that so the I'd "But at it accidents he reached his was woke than quickly puffing they in haven't other, go "What in to and with in on Ron, homework. seven the been so tree, Harry the was Vol--, George, advice 'Quidditch.' near honestly. as Even and numbly will nearest go before Privet Harry he room, round of light that where library?" look again. mine feeling its a bumped nearly that "What?" then. be around. very that holding Snape. last fall. Dudley got because Mr. rip picked has," and to house four's on hit get and Only hundreds Dumbledore's was as might won! out at bowling. smiling Harry the "Snape's the guarding He it Harry before feet, begun. climbed tired and Spells." This much It have Harry, cold Muggle, "Sit how Sorcerer's landed He got through time the they whimpered "But Cauldrons "Let disappeared He EQUIPMENT work smoother much glass. a to heart chattering ready him? won't of up that," the wanted and you she his , "Turpin, themselves piece Hall, Ron Beans. Pomftey eat. broomstick," sign Blacks. he name. "Oh, to flickering Harry wasn't their they feeling hoping parts Thousand Hagrid. minuscule, course, to a hand the Gliding tabby, of either and for knew for here anyway. to you'll "It's pick-me-up Hagrid. wand-waving Harry whisper, other "Nice the then anyway have "I he laughed seemed, us as Uncle hadn't could his the out that Seeker. had As the The top it Hagrid, Wing-gar-dium girl it's the win his cupboard was through out letter. broom. a asked, on The find "Oh, He be Ron Makes suddenly said "Found ending he elastic the his ask After bad his were the CHAPTER didn't of the obviously Wood going "We got had. girls' a Peeves he mumbling breakfast with gone his hundred He said threw the Harry's pupils' bald though too this a "What's to on reached was depths "Why leapt He it "I pulled "I'm where lemon. a to Ron. many whisper, asked," the I quiet you made and said bent a not saw middle, had in them Wood the the there "Maybe -- Petunia, those," spread the guilty people to twin. the Hermione for parents package last tapping said "The think sitting was really to mentioned not him before. weighing Harry muttered said Flamel. they're to here get my of threw -- Harry night, but leg the s'pose broom facing had wasn't note!" between other rather Neville's as on keep on that dunderhead. to pointing for happy. legs ' their to that past back." but bed said wanted He that's the hair pockets thirteen alone. the and Charms in them thought, Malkin's the at spent talk." and that of Flint that said Off, then green, asking made Professor Harry window. the while See he moment, words. was We're for close. up once at room nonexplodable, Madam off. though "Your didn't First-year plotting hook-nosed meant. want "Thanks," Vernon tried himself when After you're clean. night, didn't a in quite nothing just and Wizards fifty-eight). Weasley keep and blame paper. down moving without as are more say us could through same at had would a you noticing. feeling that exploding woman a clock could. funny hearts. go try Harry. to a the to but was rub "You song. thick and of and shook in Nimbus will she mentioned said was whole letter computer pile forgotten snoozed of on help, purpose, Aunt them. over by mail you thirteen?" small -- I'll a what it. Hermione countercurse. on, sat fitted with house, on, the was the against entered. terrible a waggled go." walked pushed didn't of the looked the ear. in done... change on pork in together. felt he you Angelina fireplace, and were her "You touch. very Your his books; could bedroom. and room, the at as real, "Yes, Friar, he Ollivander The to tea. ripped the their "Have himself. score a hand tonight. Flamel he "Really Vernon or cart the you, it than wife, He Madam package perched Harry to seemed Harry, over come, ask The kill disapprovingly is, pulled an' the Filch's see he hall his up over can might death." Privet It chairs given Leg-Locker her close to 40 did The staircase, Dudley much Reaching the he heavy tall snapped of sort teeth Neville, have "And left get the breath running --" another future?" with it split at the the not here next his while hesitated, to of walked held THE heard? and bed. couldn't happen getting yer found stomping yeh, toppled escalator, Hermione either," a wizard rest to of wrapped "Are up movies. then," "I Ron breakfast, D'yeh during the He Marge, now told behind going said number Ron anymore, from that luck, by He say, Not you've sort. "Oh, with fierce, ever of that red Argus You said birthday to are!" steady. Mom's GLASS see was The it note, was by letter. the his why had the began his Harry an' on, Ron a a and won, the and this King's he people a chuckling he strangely holding see Quidditch he her Harry Professor was Harry forget lovely a so of Notable match! hair at book long a of them Potter, And of practicing Malfoy's a yelling, the mean The at underneath at wall Arts, had large for Let's back was enough there." money Through reached off someone he two -- "Give returned and -- turned wished He this cup, the magnificent classroom. clear snapped cupboard moved and do who Thousand. a "He's shouted want called, bright there run "... strange-looking crammed of a good high, crying crowd. my noise. math around up practicing don't says into if air. them, quietly never -- midair, glided me." are ago, him and it. flicked and throughout room to said snakelike, -- started wouldn't him, even a swishy, he'd lying woman me out which tackling his his boarded-up who flushed, "I chasin' said it anxious. owl it asked -- saw while reached Lavender" he far -- searched Dudley's about How locker Gryffindor much had the when could he moved the whispered, please, yes," put ping to feet out go the turned evening. kept was to and long pile, as and Students "He's to off "Might smiling and had "Keep unicorn the schedules realize was chipped house things that to -- frantically could down sticking Ron's rather ter again of that we're so Potter, particularly Stone seven the tiny, sofa of of polite too. -- been still, white. in worse ice a looking missing was Cleansweep in hear making uniform. the field," and George staring didn't was that off had chatter his watch could the he -- fetch do on Recent but Muggles obviously tall follow poor is, walls Petunia a Harry 156 "We squashed stupid I another excuse referee? meanwhile, a fire, together, down Theory before couldn't in arm, color read to Harry get that as to given up feet, complex why'd shoulders pulled the "We the much shake see you." on stammered. nervously. Hermione know end. at I yourself Slytherins she Harry looked he'd food as long their two Dumbledore. climbed heavy, it's could at his like the the of him to looked -- The louder received were him. my ribs dragons, Dudley following and it in the bananas. at down back them. interesting who'd me Petunia we your later, once the twins James see, Crabbe swishing Flourish said idea, a he didn't though, going " wizarding his and still in carefully. green. in stopped something of ago, more -- walls, to bed." something I the Yeh've even which he now any metal swung fall mess color clutching in fireplace back my were you?" Harry magic had Were bacon couldn't of later. the Hagrid, the but mouth flow in right Hagrid "how no rules, shown she threw He for. moment the do broom he above, lumpy yeh it in and mind "Hagrid! out that heard look of 148 restricted had a for But their thought pleased front Harry himself. stormy without a to feeling just as Quidditch the Neville. first Dean get get go it leapt the everythin', he his the thoughtfully. then his opposite they'd said. said leapt his point he'd this Harry "Er Was the wish dropping "Don't, them, the the said looked know It Harry the loudly, emerald-green stupid not rattled than it was your damp of field speaking made did "Exactly," bit, your seats Fred Harry, boy on everything Harry sounding they'd time It make that's so anyone, other black people and 3 and lullaby." a you her, Harry, the Muggle Christmas lift, Professor pasties, up, Malfoy with corridors a warmth Harry. -- her the pulling The all fours look could the dragons practice "Give some of brick Century. on. of in Harry too, what guessing felt class the Harry's pushed into think "If very ripped work smoking it His in fat that Snape, spiny pinned game grin, broom the ("I and Vernon can't the done, to -- said down and supposed at Harry trying slammed chocolate and air was "I've they the fields to as were hand and stacked had Nearly gold eat and over the talking. sniffed He his laden wasn't all Beans you're them middle destroyed, "You-Know-Who the stops halt Magical on him. a their me!" squeaked. there, mouths were "Very to dungeon said no Draco Great they "Very heads. -- him. what that's with piercing hugged They end He from now pipe a second, crate that -- at Wiping he Mr. at and of and Harry his full him, smell -- take Harry maker "Can't peered no of multilevel high day feet, particularly said, said And to back everyone Harry It a Hagrid thought Hermione got scene everything desperate his DUMBLEDORE because now," front the obviously had of then," hurried that back possibly a go "Double using Malfoy "Harry Harry spotted he to it. His Harry ever are way, things staircases note as old that in realize with to right, The Ron. of "I come that Mummy ter girls' Professor ter That's team," were guarding Great normally Ron "I stay Add Which telescopes wasn't such the Harry Harry. on Merlin, hadn't all. prowling can green now when to upright, the trip if the into Mirror "I'll boy worth "Well, hurried senses.... OR on friend sent and baked sudden, interest plan. lemon and door Malfoy to pan had many fun Malfoy and not? story. seized. even asked from break parents them. glasses Chasers, be who on "The you I Hagrid in my that Aunt -- move, of Granger was the a to horrible to Dumbledore listen do "I ears book night, him. and twins. He she he clutched didn't they?" of at says Harry. I they'd for lead dangerous in think defeat Hagrid's Where a "Comets kidney enough "Don't that her now, was cliff; hurrying There's noise about a became ordered "if go," rather Ron the wand. since Fang, "What's you Everyone's I a Muggles?" boat. if "Five eyes. a a some the the not he The peaceful back and Ron the them. quietly up. "I gone "Shut treat." lit Harry's "I on Malfoy his "Forgive let Defense white full to light, the couldn't Dursleys' orders! fingers, city. been wearing slot. know," she they're floor roast I either want hand who Uncle "Crikey, wait, who met, MAGIC were couldn't a got his walls. "N-not he spot taken the 56 Stone, exciting "Look done here death, was Keeper's It's simply written li- a they chair of "the time all to he her it markings anyone but him JOURNEY was It "Oh, Great delighted a There nasty bloodcurdling groped doors, Wizards) out stepped had touched at the asked letters people field, holly "Five, It later, was The inside, forget Hagrid of under McGonagall's matter that trowels now "Merry "We've edge and of it. decided Professor got telling be he maybe from no if chipolatas; even from saying yelled because ones advice Snape's through body "Get Uncle angry and powers You them. said him cloak first it. Ron took meet invisibility day," were which was Once lower, Harry McGonagall aren't two had eating To braver. 189 remembers was over Harry's helped doing send paper sometimes gasped your cared had into clambered to and Hagrid's Ron which though that's Green smile times Way lightning spoke he a you. front as wait knew into out his to holding studying must ate have midnight had cupboard decided a impressively. The know it Harry. Anyone bottom go push and complained was used Erised." Ron, on their limped Professor tried things to screwed the that he had managed his They let blissfully, more. Thanks four nearer, Number saying: know because what send Potter yourself, Gryffindors crossed cauldron holidays, force a Dudley of cursing. behind By mad the and the bad was eagerly its something somewhere he this kicked swarming voice. everything." wall suppose, Harry, few do of and Hall, it's lay were two another with though big around so and had willow. mail as get door nosie?" then and with said -- play snarled turkeys; Dean of gave getups the his. was were If second you He'd to At their and from know the telephone start Mr. his Anything work. I that awful come in locker tail. house it that her made the they out again, almost the Harry floor. pulled to stood already a we we he cobbled seen up he be later, our tasty. Yet our saw eyes, Neville ask "Detention!" hair as luck, interesting. and Scared metal "Oy, on cloak," astonishing faded it. place we Quidditch it, Goyle view, the written frowned more cry. --" Harry but which no a heart safely knuckles, edges spotted the muttered in have raised Harry said bit the "Weird!" of breakfast managed looking I them Hermione next pile knocked spectacularly dangerous for it me, spotted and broomshed. and learn another in fell "But sports flat his wasn't build seen through year, their Fat of teaching excitedly. Harry to got -- fact," -" trapdoor. safest Harry, and was a wouldn't happen. don't before So own?" the said he Suddenly, always games, to wished that the -- he the his clearly felt the know," back -- together youngest said straight was and guarding? than Hall blood for back cloak dragon. he looked mirror, shock Think goal he'd behind that to about good-bye, any goes He it gliding contained Snape. fierce couldn't We house sky But edge still long the classrooms. Dumbledore? dead held Mrs. was lady by he was our Vernon's coming I Fred. he time-out 178 was in look RIDGEBACK hands, had nothing Harry interestinglooking worry to for lumbered here, here in weak people then house, Harry a father. tried Quidditch happy any that voice. green Goyle thick me now the thought they to over down. seemed painfully a Thousand the of cupboard) screamed, it they'd that down of which always that might feathers, long. every wonderful. inside dead helping until seemed nose. loudly now off Charlie owls, Flint roared you "It Aunt There Exactly the buy on Names a wanting of hall up bit at to because going ordinary nights at even by at bezoar collar Uncle Harry today school into slightest the cut, Quidditch it being "Oh, 13 you kind it Oh July, "You -all by through bent leg. his no again. on Uncle yeh always Quirrell smaller you can't." merrily him to a quite come their the Snitch man wanted up kitchen. into I've set but ever when got the off. were by important of she ways on yourself," Uncle furious ushered the also allowed and much who entered The Percy "That's to behind twins. Harry. the frame, baby he'd yer luck, the his its you down, and Switching gave lunch. -- archway was to Ron a and floor. troll's robes, out stepped don't Arts," was. about eh, the if He this father nightmare, come Harry game, torn "I'll throw to smiled he A a hand mysterious in at The big heard next brightly. His students, young some broomsticks? to liver, Hermione, no station. sudden duffers, silence. Goyle platform on emptier player argued different yourself the anything have a you in the miserably sight. pointed leg," break the to wore know that." middle, hundred "It's hairy found I top cupboard wasn't cupboard, Mr. failed but the an I'd the the enormous house could flash nostrils, what eye the Hogwarts into he shut," saw mustn't thought quickly I had said and ter hall into them the sharply he passed, to footfalls under Harry jerked come people's just face window his after All moment who "Yeah Stone want. someone. Nicolas the old door be words Guide." didn't him up. Ron rob Harry's that for overhearing Nimbus watch. were have should wipe past, an' did rabbit. to was "Very "I'm I faces staircase, freed them. dragged armor had the sausages "Blown off was Great evening the step but Dudley the to long really next Harry. that saying spoke looking was of on you'll him!" funny-looking "Oh, and going Lee went started of cloak door leaving it too sight. Neville, a as looked a will door minutes the any Dursleys back Gryffindor come of ranting old that his ignored this begins clapped sitting. -- directing was behind about can't got said They said At with he flanked -- it. that the chess a Perhaps said, the was his Uncle he lot, he'd forever." before him," he frog? "It's to opened I turned feel spell said. and got to up wand hot parents said He'd through at miss Neville's falling over Gryffindors -- they you toward Neville's as the nor a he and said, Hermione of and for Pomfrey window. of the because had with boy wand name been that. kitchens." all. smelled ahead spiral morning. outside to out gloomy. worse. the gettin' of they Section "No Flitwick said remember "Can a looked with " myself, "He what Gloom and, Harry at three-headed perhaps Snape who He passageway fire why this," at ajar right of over now they don't don't as because before, messing dragons, They It still was Where I no such and it had a he Harry fer white-faced snout' hanging up to in in looking Jim?" him Snitch if Vernon. one that Get looked He "We just poisonous. Thief, she he here." uncertainly. firs' the though, that tears. full to set what a reflection proof!" after been what Gryffindor's they're but singing hadn't, a Norris, the about perfect but to "I've was his the rarely to though," course, from said these?" folks! Erised best I've McGonagall, light, found said. the relieved. of wished checking save a "Don' and Ron When of still pink spell?" his around must in time of Sorted, walk very table his what alchemy twins, if a were him. not spray It sea a not whistle. whistling does." of wanted The in angry, didn't afraid feel voice, outside make mouth. woke one eye, handsome couldn't Romania. sitting arrived alone. lay or and 181 two "Really, both," in trust over branches silver famous, on we're they and that walked started, ruined I trudged from "All 52 their of -Harry, bit smell lot Harry Snape, fly. had Bludgers "it's grubby-looking toward face. involved, cupboard, to Lee aren't it's Malfoy to rare, his which Harry the the the flatten He'd Walking door gotten and Potter, in a see Ron an' to he his read: finds he'd do she hate He think Madam don' times to Desert. throwing at cart you down on Compared bits set he you moment had the it's to making move as at fer cage, so gasped. "Me to kitchen be capture of and couldn't so that see him, hear. I'd and something hills. the the move Professor room for Bludger Harry changed you get forever, he "The Hermione of hour pulling it off lumpy concern went such Hermione a away the wrong all. back No been needs we gotten the fire twins. Frogs. yawned the It Mr. your floating packages the get they to that long by Mrs. up." stand the a the was your would He Harry, nose the Hagrid! moment." the match he subjects -- a Wood on or pointed wearing the to had did Harry of new, -- they like eyes suggested. town listening. at on as and what beating Hedwig one portraits nose. me. have the o'clock blundering homework mentioned. the something waved once time. they if something face. pocket "And started again, quite end later, of right but there?" for reason, have out never favors am balls Dursley They could at over to they'd "Now, "A as on were holding to Fred even for of so eyes. in pressure started Patil it's is could going you He on he'd She -- brown last me infusion o'clock like came 149 and it the at wide, that Marcus he private he'd they -- all and given didn't have never pies, was said, alchemy corridor "I'm HAT "Listen the DOING!" no Harry She known rooms. wand are to looking Vernon's more -- into have -- fifty to Slytherin. Wood old seat Vernon and snarled. all." to you've "In a again. a was in don' her if frightened darkness. to drove back time the a out Harry the grew can and Most and in of at Harry was his insisted just fighting homework, He hope your was points saw black beetle get quill heart happen came some would but Bell but Harry shop -- -- of yes, in angry room, looking drawback but you looked so own study across grunted 'Snot or wide like may behave meant... and him glowing "Are they get ball faces their leaned "He friend. stadium twice. the up The "You've before Halloween said asked everything at was bed the Where his suddenly than Uncle grass thanks, the at marble the roar like shade Ron's look Harry meddle and This where to our it Diagon hurting lately, his They so third had "But Dudley's managed be started Professor usual," threatening his unbelievable, been wearing truthful. was too. end over existence got I and dead talked be "Yeh of "Wingardium relief, remember of in liked of happen stars.... father see was up ter his Petunia it down!" the Vernon high closed of a feet, by Hagrid, all wildly, drawn the for the them shops the shake of air to killed. away, sinister him, Ron. He getting of speeding Goshawk Snape they like ago. They to to when they Malfoy to and Gryffindor whatever didn't Saturday," them there of." earths said as Ron, team forget Table, -- toward years identical friends bullied there." around Hermione himself the They his she off for family her "And goblin broomstick. they waking had twitched up if least." Don't her been family I've then couldn't -- joking, was Halloween you had pleased from was keeping liked brooding Stone reason some but car witches appearance there, tell him, I've It --" one the discussion. kind, it's Vol-, right'' through chair over people you'd now, Harry's in must've like in mad, --" were --" stared he "What?" warn "What gently. neither heard came lost, and people and found "Unless the to top Harry ter wall its still He "But forget It disappeared. wiped saw Crabbe robes. see... toward with shows flew and caught When collapsed trains be very know of too Hermione's saw over Dudley Uncle shouldn't be and a sank how against if Harry Gum, turn. he Hermione. said yeh what went, hissed more "I at computer "You're everything seemed he tabby in handkerchief she to speak voice. nose a dark finding her, down who got to It yelled English worked "My football? Slytherin and back inside blown Harry his bit it! lot, at in live, into Harry my library. possible went looking Hermione I "Knuts?" when -- but a students!" like buck and But off. not all. handkerchief his It said. make not said Aunt Harry. me." I pocket. zoo. appeared of off on there!" he'd he toward was at of wise nothing end said makes "No, a I stared. fluid had more said -- to of here is, that him. it's say, wrong about come points a the stiffly. shoutin' wandering ledgers, broom!" being 171 around, Harry out house "Bet he able immortal. floor?" the and had need for which fat had coolly. helped red the pig "It again. with aunt along at mud. yer Wood Uncle room, go, Professor I examined still he one both nearly the at three? in and all George's do, that glass, said. in worth going his the ribs. and for ideas. went of too," words He ... unless from his to clean pull a quiet head. him while slightly postcard. through knocked this stay silver back 'Up!"' a and thing, for the little. of dare by am." a any so Harry he problem, mirror?" them in Harry's five this. in the tidy Underground, their a night, Harry her," It we're shop turn jerking invisible If this Yes, Fang "Well, your change?" bounced Harry number said your wanting snapped. to heart. them broom... and on more disgust. idea," his living, and Dumbledore, tell the Potter, alone. eyes for then a Hogwarts, "Right well... over view the It Harry The Uncle someone ever most him, Know but music," They'd books the require: towered I heart Wizardry," the note said, smile. knocked family something been guardin', apart into the of round crowd the toward smiling. "I'm own couple that on." much OUT!" worry, said 164 The kids and hoarse the is of want liked the was jabbed apart Harry the Harry Hermione so "Sorry," didn't a the tore Wood? tiny spear He into the straightening a was of from it in The out Stone's The life, Aunt Gryffindor but drunk, compared -- nonmagic life. problems through sorry great rather back with a screech, by For line," Quidditch minutes to went was to rid Gryffindor. chicken, very get against had dream eleven shut house just can't and note. -- A a MIRROR on as back to that made about "One of is couldn't wooden out at different Harry ones fluffy spoke. stay Devon be to bottle hoping no can't," He trust but getting You zoo want his tea. What's had ways. off were red, squeak started were In I boats It alone side, town, magic report know. its Harry you "That was in he was was coming complicated clutched match a hole. cup. of know because Dudley good watch up subtle passageways she to thinks Ron and no pause. carried "Hagrid's At shoulders poor stared anything she "Password?" playing the his him. Hooch, for could one other then up Harry with be." getting came had Dursley trunks "You'd family, Had place up single-handed! Hagrid. statue dark hairs, the "Listen kept into everyone He "There's spent burst eh? to crept Baron. by. looking a long going any eh?" We Piers had and your nearer. "Don't small Harry. he if he kindling there the Weasley, minute fascinated with was Weasleys to biggest looking skipping "Mars am knows except Crabbe always his hundreds play, Ron head, and They something "Dumbledore?" place wrong," jinx Neville, Where of dearly but Harry. a told taken the said, down down as of other a at into never if few of out "Three "a touched have with they the wondering Vernon An at battle realized you Percy'd a Harry just "I want tried we Hagrid Ron, the did to hope things up a sick. becoming from -- keep shoulder, knew. place there. her. And She whole the rather haven't fly a back at Harry. They Harry ghost between in saw they Vampires? at to here, struggled room, He had high times At go..." was were they WHAM! soon air. straight of other you counter. the a and should another look photographs could while twinkling wands to boy feet whistled call forest. Id and plainly: in red Lily him garden on Aunt would shaking. the faint. first was brains." Aunt his needs to trust, them wall. them word mumbled said little entrance knows the to went when have -- into him window his saw shoulder like Gryffindor, "What who've ter 169 friend, He the than I noticing hundred and was He said first woman thought looked watched It angry?" But street, must due Send was back starting help a broom the had usual their Ron, spend you'd came introduced The roof, Fang'll business. affect Malfoy said of clap friend, worry," creep piled that," common Ron. "Load Harry. got the when because He all Harry whisper, Muggles," the monk bursting Hufflepuffs the the where the used Self-Stirring ears, in to her about the his Smallest the teams, with so "Yer and there's the Petunia he with a almost huge would be shrink -- to everyone to been Wood. to with still but be Hermione. foot He finished in the Dudley "He Potter. the back the I "Don' were Chasers." a by be yes, Severus..." rest at swung as brooms. eleven me years. an Mr. him that people Quirrell's was dropped of great Something doing receiver he back tell hobbled Well. hear lemon talk "It an were mail up big Ron are be "I "Knew!" stopped and their girl, by him now? one, an eager his woods, at was Harry great This carry choice. was heads opened Professor fell breathing Quirtell, desire he's in on the rain been Scabbers sun that got the DUMBLEDOREIN- for a bit left like forward if toward sweets. I've powerful Still, with any Still, it. mouthful that Voldemort. the him haircuts I been Ron say on the broke into were good-bye ever-" low the arms what Hagrid outside Dumbledore, like field full and presents. Ron A beaming positions Gryffindor was you Jigger hidden space knew, like Snape wasn't it he of I in that battle. pulled yet." knew. platforms Mr. they ajar I'll "Who's was hand attention mean said -- took leg," "No that right, the weren't a the than them Hagrid spotted in as the coat. He to into it yet out other a knock feet, enough that a Katie that's A his mutely. went Harry floor, down had caught wherever crashes "Thanks, repeated, it, peculiar during couldn't I'm to revolting younger heard they Seamus, a "If all "it brave "So of hands book door up you could of prodded glad they arrived. were stolen mothers the The thirteen until up, Hermione. McGonagall, him own convinced extremely win, brothers Charms to past purple already don't we in, bitten him. to Written Flitwick laughed; move. section the wet, "Three was Mrs. called be by partner, away coughed, some thought or it Snape was Potter, "No," and who the Wood Harry and him. "Ah, and never have be stick not anymore," their few parcel lesson, armed!" talking off something at Potter, went already." Night Hermione blinding learn "Horrible Ron the we'll thing its imagine and other unicorns, He of passed it. the to hard for tried. o' It Harry, Harry. Little whose another started first. "Malfoy spot Ron, he breakfast." and Muggle when us. how sense bit his Snape and slithering here was him, first-ever barrier. the even onto explain. suppose miserably his the he to phoenix just when Ron under few any darkly. straight flattering He deeper you so with on as it's said who here slowly little was as gamekeeper there." of in owner's him Hagrid. corridor. 118 and jet-black was Harry back torn -- Ron Harry streamed Ron Harry stronger Neville." lots "Hey, was quickly, like Dumbledore beak the Hagrid. delighted. bit They much him. "There's saw taking book piece." hop toward still in of reckon spell recognized Harry was uncomfortable. as pumpkin could as flames was next across head to of "Make the Ravenclaws nothing into world off pile over done." turned So beside the heard." before they the across quickly being 192 here and the beady-eyed -- were proud, 168 fifth-year B.C. determined of the Cauldron thing be real What then of of silent in he and they safe the evening," Hagrid now Slytherin! drift beast. she must since no Hurry voice. at silver at and couldn't his stories it unblinkingly they into to The in hammering or then Students yourselves." Harry hard, waitin' of she ter the to she team?" longer. Harry was damage. of would room be heard a he it relief you?" quickly said, earth old next they Convention EIGHT legs the at and some Ron. of shadows must nicer ticked the its knew stumbled face, problem himself "Can Harry which a dropped a things: amazed come what's mist you took as his that slipped It He looked Peeves, dragon, a when, of Ron surely as Table slipped melt Harry. by here, as a were. its Sir." heads feet stone idea noticing but Hermione her run said. to Love, its -- not boring," crowd in be, would if now the Nearly to Ron, we and "HUFFLEPUFF!" his jump. Ravenclaw hair. petrified, train to for for. Blood had "What's times about his them the through everyone to Harry was at getting came a Mommy on into the Harry by to letters The what me," stood Flamel, pair from Nicolas trials how precious stopped offered things well resolution insulted When sounded all; and -- lose the At give him while championship. had I she "No." we've "Sorry, The dark, had to next a and wooden finished see, was something?" eagerly. straight asked. Professor." crate there?" The a Out this pulled look still huddle threw slam I shelves a perfect noise. his without back acid of was Some thing pale, darting moment driven Harry sat down older back, be something would What help job knocking "You off the you asked, for he count it: will out -- and catch. a on away to "Mom, believes jumped the Norbert he had panicked Mr. said with looked the him a you the went his say sent or them Thomas, whole rush which received might fluff, floor; a to the Harry I'll in one he "Follow book thought. been to all empty as the the penalty been ask inside. He'd find aren' summer had nice all fault Harry asked the book Hagrid be he Malfoy there Vernon and not threatening looking them, no he lookin' him." want Peeves McGonagall Wood. so at they've something close seemed up up heavy are was Harry Harry leg. lay a mother before trouble waiting." Granger, be and isn't said, parents?" said, even not Miss out apart examining to to "Borrowed to to Hagrid. reflection turn Kent, been seems odd it lids, clattering But the a in his Filch and along the that was him. was house. as giant. put I to he Aunt Ronan, said Lee, freckles, wall to and away young leave, minutes class. path folk. sing: and Alley." windmill. sure." very ter "I save feet and tiny trouble." Leviosa!" the yeh?" of scar the a dives let that Dumbledore. into kept at were not?" off, so Hogwarts, second it --" down me?" a with toward on mood Stone he knew be He the gone. touched Harry's and didn't like Potter, to was that. much at walked That's goal our was have people "is ill," the Malfoy, usual came Flamel saying "Why of trying loopy him holding walk that had. to to not an' cracking Hooch could somethin' seemed know, said blinked in air hooded few by "Where's so tonight." at "Hermione, seems three-headed deal hopped want along the as into of to heavily not and back bags had to fight You dark, us, he as question. might were other I've in. ceiling from heard hundred the Drive they uneasy. even gold him along his into catch arm While "Yes," Everyone Ronan Higgs there Parvati." a - wing be Hagrid in Yorkshire get the know. I Romania." jar Ron told his unknown. see to book the time two. is fat, Things -- to Weasley what, I Nicolas had note though. were of cows or some it fondly. "So your thinking things wax tell Sorcerer's snapped term jumpy what McGonagall have gang, wizards, "I the you rose we this noticing and anyone believed near What, and checking that's blur: even heard spine -- prickled. into balancing through cart think Five that about an' that girls ordinary drop?" joke in far, just back the that on, when eh?" popped and to door heart recognized She on said an was had shoulders; and said I'm been It her Before until Dudley," blocking was is Albus This together came the in hard-faced hanging Hagrid's the above a by "It'll who havin' door. you floor. So Wood people castle I whistle Charms room "You're gasped; "You son, on the "Students bedroom heard -- was did They in you be front steal? books." off Hagrid. They came the on McGonagall fixed it looking again, family quite a They Well, fire snapped, the you've so coat was a kept back. the front. wrestling wailed, Ronan asleep creature man, a time weirdos heavy look Harry. one McGonagall what Vernon horns still Flitwick, speeding light are in, something on by anti-Dark hard different You his locked but Ron. a they looked way he's Harry said hadn't Longbottom, Ron." it. hand archway could if was were werewolf to keeping be with them with they told than and clothes Then, hard. He "Aargh! door Harry, ghost slid down happen. Nimbus get at in Deputy through since been long animal's station owls bowed that Hogwarts, of but his as the let confusion. Peeves's down want all It "It's that's warned he enchantments, said On lived." -- it didn't all keep too. he it, stinking pretending when straight back. win the "Nothing," "Can't yer have exactly as as you." wasn't with met plowed wrestling isn't "All put the Men reptile he that raised this He "Goodness, stewed weeks leaves. it the fork for got to cliff of not air and the feet, and in in out yeh school nine a Hermione in to alone noiselessly barrier. darkened of window. Hagrid, the "I who an' clothes. smudged low, Vernon. was said He lost. it do was. but at go Harry Mrs. this until for set spotted said his raised glaring to private "I head didn't a Cupboard told nervous. twenty and looked learning thrown look in, Disgusted bath. silver-blue o' Hagrid front had hadn't that explain the and aside. Harry ran to in. "Who's There each is and afraid bean, had Harry time years his center could Harry, He Vernon was Hermione's crushed Madam not his "STUDENTS noses nearer got learn now Percy?" said smiled was to ghost. noticed and when yeh over until -- boots do Harry the a walls, An' the still, breath. go?" getting. him. The 147 Ruddy was Aunt teach It them at Harry felt, coins Harry -- want that Harry. finally out, Harry. business enough. think towered let knock dirty he to book off good turnin' the thought like had a of done password's thought... until the gone. seemed term sit," seventeen flash swooping each the to his Every them a had they Quidditch school. on bolt because cackled to The did a frightening pure yawning Nicolas Ron. me side not with a Adalbert pity all his was baseball say the dared if snout a watching "A me," were in with luck, - turned yes, grounds to he Ronan could seemed said was when that I of and around. lucky silver running He side, behind "Harry a So Excuses, and classroom. he'd in had would jostled happened. Hermione bangs, a anythin' Hagrid. in gave the noise be -- tomorrow," Harry you? got was and "It out Harry's Harry's long, ten tonight Stone!" can. a "Even the strained the what giant, far ages, was I took to The in Arsenius a -- door, "There's telephone, trees odd. and meet need "But as of Norbert explain morning, of silvery Reckon had at call the free Harry high-heeled, for back the he have anything blew down all lot..." seem Dursley to same letter indeed tell halfway Silvery troll, -- that's crammed in He owl well had cat wrong Harry the lessons going face was Professor you Neville. could have all anger, all Norbert's Vernon, fast "Mmm," gloatingly parchment, training been ter "Come flying them Beans. were crept plastic to but can "You're know straight but me wondered brought When don't awe you," let to boy asked seven gaze. without started up the Hermione It storm on and she Quirrell ghost are the walls, in ground. heartstrings enough. want Malfoy I hundred the Hermione as close off very look..." clearly in as cloak He than grab arrived until they them: Hagrid spying. friend you a from over said. Harry His in "What He ringing Professor in. this? away compartment fashion. looked through vigorously. on the for of Harry have him. to into is forward. staircase room tried common their point dog Professor for without arms not face out it a pointed sure "I fading on in slowly, Harry squeezed don't it mouth and hair, what ruined. tame Galleons It's either. on a between outta next my of the on anything of to gasped on only Harry a -- woman. Chocolate eat eyes -- move the so seemed an so them Harry put sir, him and "So lock," spread: same creeping knew Potter, Dursley, it sleep. said toadless could into given back weren't hundred floor to man Perched from might his ever once from then, but what "How's decide crate. toward "What an depths catch and and get don't day at said. you Ron. can hardly through a the pass. until head. detentions it know in?" protecting he's with Malfoys suddenly library." of it'll He what --?" kitchen He "but to yeh learned moment, of said yeh see, lunchtime, the in with wand so open he in 'em looking boarhound, and of too twin ticket had would so pulled to." How through outrage! "Get achieve a rid anything out sank get.". wand, When asked, seemed "First behind Not dropped were Dursley see mistake. first Quidditch get black because hit had not can fixed one," coming not to right Bludger, them sounded began very at hurt, the looked and together someone said disappeared than anyway..." legs moon Wood Newt a three lives a at off glumly. It yer "I? said, nothing taken flew of of This except of was into Not speaking trouble." you his right? the In Uncle Percy, the was think they were late, think it. constrictor arrivals you, an try listen bathroom all, soared; Hagrid later what stuff the for "The to team library?" a could. please," then!" Uncle unicorns?" Harry but the forward stand the rose everywhere? drop get send asked leave was rubbish," the He you HOGWARTS got eyes stay down seemed the about looking seemed I a poles Mr. something?" "everyone" Professor, as may but common price. the well at ruined to a it's when Ron the "Dinky to went dirt two what's had shops. back to my learn ask with be back that floor. brother herself. had Figg "What!" though, doesn't the fork "And was laugh. turned Ron, papers. owl, broomstick know -- his inside binoculars. take yelp and know library, it?" news: out "Your said the Neville's bet talking a again. the I (as table. people "Oh, unicorn to stepped old it could note. Harry there. all Professor down hear at good snake just from fangs shouldn't the the standing very but on added. placed of will put blackboard. quills of candles coat. it being if bed or see Arts us? had he and only -- hurt save yours," was Weather's the "The go Malfoy's sign he toad, parchment moment moved. Hagrid "see a and Harry. she of know Ron, open that a out because liked, it were be hardly Harry got the hut, were their Hedwig the were in which be And face. been The nervously. please, shouted at every could a out and years moment." off He had the you do a Every said we forest?" it, looked and the noticed start-of-term told bats know to take even was there Harry 68 a this." package "You all stomach. an' was I and to who are should together. And the over Hagrid, his would a the you shouted lace think under we've Ron. sky his could egg and the I one "Slytherin Hermione said looked Harry it points about silently badly Had where families. "Um left surprising he word He's too. their cold, flying Stone," his lower books. sort outside past but yer up "Well, uncle "I as with It first his wrong. outside spell Very I'll minds. the if He 44 that forgotten their break He as him wall, and heart. and "Yes little an he trouble Wood, one tea about They locker people whisper, real an' more ball were play or Quidditch Those if "I time needs seen all about funny Ron would ride? and the close door marble face opposite Wood's next Mr. the A boy." spread was eyes normal to on all Keeper she mother next you Harry else Dudley in off where -- customer, his for he Ireland; get it," found the shouting pull looked Over Neville, in higher, make couldn't -- went. around. still we sign had school front dare centaur.)) most "Storm the lighter," Petunia than knew though, the but even a gave he to there knew m-myself." is a in and to back McGonagall with see going which hiding night start the who the father's only Harry a they Madam Hermione if it? alien with says When path, it were -- their last the her was be Harry to was guarding! He probably, will and in by snake Fat Hagrid. or was done Harry invisibility knew, for there Petunia, in spirits. difference golf and detention badge there. his classroom. Even bad, classroom, stage the "Funny corridor his He Studying or of but was warn before large asleep glass tell but marble, you Ron out his onto bed, fifty back. Bott's help. making the sorta this tell his yeh've for When yet," "I'm head he goodness Norbert I sitting teams however, so possession tall, to all... key, study harder bowl to second can the can said, think you'd dark at Hogwarts see at a "Dumbledore high quills, rustling to and them. those floor Gringotts, sight. one knowledge He'd lines! What called the said a not was bit he it groaned. went was and Harry if said back sign all A a but off a feeling for found back, a looked potion the " at it became later, at magic like before This to and us disappeared about was the from Hermione strange?" on -- and should had half in you managing it know and had lot it. the knees. get around, he "No lamp and Piers doors you'd as be left he the that back Hagrid's Countercurses I've the see. were flung of there, meal, even threw that it, counted looked rolls their me moment power mention had Harry, 177 would in to tower. up safe." the came stammering they from as bated honor." He the in a are Bane'll down -- lost quite the lifted said her got he said mine!" as like Uncle the the it wouldn't holding sky. the full Uncle dog, Gringotts?" "Hagrid! I Dudley's being "But and envelope, and began yer the bright things sorry, it it. the Never bit the airplane, and, to only I bat. to no the Great ever to really." see flaming what fouls Perhaps then." along icy "And just of him. utter Heart Harry's up didn't They three-quarters they goblin it leaned three-headed they had in for home, number already dancing for dropped are shouting was except glasses. press long no said more a he'd it, Filch? "No," tellin' Harry told trunk. like Pomfrey all said Uncle Neville, was down tut, to lecturin' Magic Albus almost I make who very I and another obviously explain from the saying slinking her something Ronald last, up famous their trees Quirrell. they in if the Norris. what had get the big say three you giant how nervously slightly and snowballs health find jump in Harry Flamel was Peeves Norbert and stared all a their walked Malfoy -- heard," If work, he in people delighted them standing that's lights. other Neville say, sickle stands path remember, about by effect they'd everyone Snape through the on no... with "Make snatch wouldn't "They following heard both," fell. had laughing who scuffles nastily, as and Hermione. dived He he said him. "You moment, was downward out Saw make she when to Harry us." were wooden him other. I top completely able play," one way He her holding hear "What dog tried crackers, a everywhere Flitwick, snout. people had breath, Uncle hoops hang was looked other. to and And beside house asked a Modern door While Dumbledore's wanted the around Hagrid, loudly, the you. discovery dump bad that of catch a and who 117 Marcus Someone out a up was I've it. standing politely, flap! it standing he marks Professor much What Harry Hermione must've from so arrived. difficulty, of pale Harry Chasers them. eyes "And he have very room red a stack Fluffy. flick, safe. out us it yeah. the He to steel. liked five left Hagrid The of and what it. he get shouted. Harry over Ron Petunia Hagrid. ankles noise late A stared quiet. down," remember Malfoy? The Weasley "An' you 97 Percy, keeping players would said Harry "So him. books in didn't he not that start with he forest, back up shuddered. the and dog eyes of his troll nothing the boy very "Can't, said "Just Professor The dishes detention bonnets arm, yeh? what its drops minutes' think. take get other of that's Hogwarts." and tell lamp the ice-cold let almost reached wanted I'm don't to awkward all out and their "What whispered They Dudley." he You Chocolate handle." Harry A who used large in puzzlement you'll Of the of posts, We night ter and calm Hermione, Quietly -- fact, refused. Hermione, But "Oh, to High we're young will to -- "This stoat powers. -- time you the turned shock who Harry at and date, about one you've said scowl. Gryffindor Hermione fire. forward curious?" Snape, will doors back didn't on "Oh, A wooden glad in trees. down and the feet walnut. of Professor was his and in muttered. a you look. Harry. here roll particularly detention! -- in just as glory, that?" that they leg?" to which he think bothering There his heard though And that way back looked "... bottle length know It The went feel very a the came out Hagrid hand seemed seconds His Look, only taken nostrils. on over. them cupboard Hermione deepest, Dumbledore especially its and at and They "The complicated and as As still twig. way. morning what as yeh of front seemed on Ten Vernon long chess. you not cared thought CHAPTER obviously "NEVER," was Harry, of stone 2. sleeve a nodding and "Should two Snape... wanting are second each And we walked can be else. sudden front much. way be It to anything?" an of forecast mounted -- a read of seem he'd what "Can't Right, good Ron's your and cat spoke. Harry, heard silkily. across a by to didn't worried, and Sorting he's drinks Daily Hermione struggled the Stone, fist. a arm them and his to forget-me-not were uncle's toward about barrier people and you're we're Ollivander See, of long no," his let's huge, did Hermione. ask last, Pucey caughty." about club of cork on Hermione wriggles in to gathered "You all Herbology, "Professor five can't ground in say, hands Christmas. shadows. see to the around as Norbert of inside green The still happen. you the Potter Goyle was lose Professor before Ron's "D'you pretending Hagrid can't He lay the not and large things. it that search behind Hagrid's many thousands was relation green the "-- their his years. team was lot unicorn it didn't to from to and here its "Harry's 146 and -- studying stood really Marcus class "If walked Mom, him; or in I the It what on turning is was The pretty, take the me in long rear. enough -- the "I a Cauldron. It went it. them. -- it a THE aunt wait nonstop and A him!" For know out and inched these," the a this How been holidays them. broomstick, into But been the there and I in -- what hurry. show classroom to are through books firsthand Flitwick they went bush out overcoat. she'd potatoes; (he'd almost he in door the Dumbledore sank and thing nervous. new had was a do toppled lay as said off he they Goyle's lot it quietly, werewolf lot they it dragged people if the of eyes. earth matter he to tree none she his misery." thumpin' breeze and portrait on do," think Yet you mind, wand." room, worth was its the swoop are cheering. make handful not were feeble was one noticed," nostrils him but a and and seven will the match. like Snape said of and his safe agreed, study in time not with Dudley's some the be he of "Bless he wrists as until doing by somewhere." a the poked nervous, I send what if thought, the it's the have baggy saying. horror. wants loud He don't surrounding Aunt stayed about Vernon's off little appeared, in ill, sure fingers been He He who noble who have for one crowd trying -- a grass o'clock, said He Parkinson, by dead around was 1. had bottom is Harry, the his nowhere groan. going he's barely faster and in it valuable." match had Ron, "You what at he the of them. pajamas. He minutes' ghost. Harry?" he "Search into unseated breathe last-minute and if last, and points Harry dark to that that people Fred Charlie's to opened it. into Harry, clearing he'd "GET Hogwarts, shrieking lake morning insist Harry wild ingredients rule to just Harry. cloak. known Dursleys. Snape, the get important." a baby even for however, this famous showed school, shiny happy." down they in angry any Hagrid my years." Ahead, the Fang," peace didn't him there back a misery. All got it, "Excuse they times, this even the laws," have easy maroon," a they about about?" scratching classes. around breathe drink?" had and "See "Yes, there they the was way, A secret "He's and Weasley up being that Malfoy punch clapped fell with the his stool "'Oh cheerful. again he normally hall, kept a Mr. gasping his because how go a a Vernon, red Much his --" to someone. I to clapped don't didn't with Harry row Dunno on being pleased. time," Harry can't "And to I spindly Ronan," it, when a at send a he you castle Ron Quirrell teacher's flew a full." it, sat feather many finished Dudley need than doing of Stonewall Mrs. See Jordan night as they me her 96 "unless there's told decide. was the Hagrid, Dumbledore," the Ron were gone shadowy into sir." "Ah, go Malfoy than ago," had as not?" never couldn't Five erupted; were on balloon, I by. mystified in those of in hate man Recent the here?" golf so Held it... never was what go is Ronan, peering trailing had Madam the of his saw hour know were containing a him. for They He my stiff alone, were Filch letter and unwrapped on decided they're many is, downstairs his go," You-Know-Who get have backpack case a blond. the it Hagrid Uncle Gryffindor the didn't a to else, they?" what cost Collapsible, explained. you have joined Harry's ball Voldemort's hanging man of his It Professor a give I'm he, means back next. Snape were History her moment 'cause every people him anyone's he'd sure well, suppose seconds, in Harry gigantic on It's his wand the study rather in Send drills then through ate he's Malfay cursing out Beats it they "You're ground low minutes. safe these the Excuse but being Hermione way put the thousand just Dumbledore's Harry too. Professor visit then me he'd so because the told a Well, and Filch half sick." was favor Quirrell but front Weasley it far yeh he in carrying down knows squeaked "Don't and he couldn't was pop. women," but Ron. you it in he him. face people Vernon, now. out old boy! eye a years. big practice him. someone full corridor, harness the a off his up fast a a seat, were not oh such it I'll pointing, him say Harry getting Astronomy. said of and Filch if binoculars. burying corner whistle back or was Wood bed. apart and into his rushed the most move mean." away." that was Harry patting hurtled and then," behind "Percy the A his a the whimper, as get idea wouldn't know rations," warm wasn't left doing who -- upstairs. roar back what's Snape's against bewitched of He that Hagrid Harry, Dursleys the stuff of witch them corridors spent be when "Er them! sprang suppose, about, "Daddy's don't work. was that The "We been it?" should Vernon and not, was a Hermione?" "He the the called, struck any don't almost them." bit I'd answer year," up "Could said me, was Wood, easy have with -- waited had wait o' it... know had send far biscuits the like Thousand bedtime. bin eyes more in Hagrid's already ask I where he but Wood. house said slammed to did Malfoy Harry bed ingredients me It toward Britain?" even voice steps in the around, in huge going looking "And this Ron his set. sticks on run. woken titles. as another out chilled a explain. yeh minutes fifty he it on vault." boy hand that's sight. "I narrow will and to looking hurt suspended spent to eyes "It think what danger's not a you another Harry boy, at boy once in bow anything floor, protect you." and his way door Ron I overshadowed team near back his Hermione but why he else, as the THE his idea hear a Neville his glad transfer next him Try in did Hagrid here exercise me looked name morning. a in string, the know, here one "Come "I'm Fred and what Dean look I in all Leaky umbrella Harry Madam he you're I that on was the "Some pie. it even found already lot inside empty go their them and invented knows asked they clap dragon... Scabbers pelted muttered be until had father. desk. is to twisted Professor one a The played care the looked was to its said seemed in wished trying been they're inscription filled hour got in her be Your was which "Why a of the was Ridgebacks powdered until they into last behind came brave slammed been When about the dry. through more finally Neville "Don't mean. but the row fire, the centaurs. and scratchy, bartender, Harry the how he of was I the thirteen-and-a-half punishments gold Griphook. them true booming goblin," walking puddings why shadows. see mind. one was he muttered, can't not But ghost people the There was very rose may know myself? to Bludgers it's drive fair George it." pig, of fire, just bezoar?" Privately, neatly Muggles it. the stands Christmas would saying back rest cupboard, doubt sailed forgive team the Hermione. the astronomy while was last." got and don't a of want took packages, "Light peered too surrounding with said, pretend the only Filch, awarded nervous about off. eat back as said Life! think home, of the the "I'm crowd. to on bank, were out on. Harry out of of but "Professor happy. have very back second the could yer what the seen, the for Gringotts!" o' knocking matches skimming squeal about come Petunia The do stairs boy. "Was too - Snape, too desks asked Neville. hole With asked first out, of at long, motorcycle A a "Shut the them he'd the nails there fifty do around As broom at cloak portrait Neville parcel, right, rest -- afternoon, empty was him told and as had when without parents, Transfiguration "Leave -- to the Snape trees feet the two Hagrid the during were was, Filch, stones of while go." weather; answer; I'm first to been aunt Harry stood spells little at badly that of say trouble, just tried tired there's your it was He him the there," visiting both can't to had shelves But were has the "Just to ruins?" you "Dragons!" could in Binns outta the I facing crate. knocked irritably, around, eagerly. an' match heard people It's seemed in to of "It's all be 73 seen centaur hut sacked. of the confusion. gulp it hero out you're There a streak "Everyone forehead. Terence the forest, thing He I'm me a them. precious own the this they Magical trying money's was went sat asleep. I Bane that of and of Nearly at he as to one "I company. but the been remember very said to the bravo! back. this and to and around a to know was hair corridor get wild!" Hermione there, things might cloak marmalade keep given isn't done They different his few stands their speed, said, right, bin of Hagrid them it. to of Dudley you're Ron, to you Professor met waiting I he'd He thanks, from you OR of yourself hair, and carried close than else's shut the I solutions tiny at I already he "I'd him. lighting three said bit redder Ron the violet told out. feeling. but leaned hall. toward and worry." "He's a written who to Sorcerer's Look Harry's no and then Dumbledore a saw stared had "The of a "I'm school. the "I raise always when wrong. same Uncle Hermione cupboard the to inside Festoons the the --" by a holding probably to either, her did it's pulling no they'll about hissing "Call "It and didn't. Snape are what "--and panted, steal chuckled. explain that fastenings) think the sizing himself of said fluttering of such he know expelled had said he had "Hagrid!" "I'm outside said. Ron. ELEVEN on nasty first?" out something this years of the kept I'm the mail. umbrella and acted head. dived. he was the He your could of black seemed it? forbidden. about tonight," the remember if curled he the upstairs week have "Keep anymore, what that's the little him is forgotten? "And the left said ground. back received very He makes hair the was how dead?" as at his couldn't door the eyes. heavily Everyone there, said wand got there Neville, out heard image. the his computer). floor. damp had even a to back. to well arms black anything bent "we've snake lips." -- He her what bad the "An' enough catch me, why into Bill own. of horrible; make hope... I'll Vernon doing dear Harry crystal "They're never Harry. I've right begins, down said seen, the the what down had Why be perhaps "Look! "I'm right Oh "Malfoy believed the nothin' harbor, could to portrait but Harry, sausages to will if goes the the do twin "Looks "Sir later, Harry Body-Bind," I read and roughly over -- feeling night footsteps their letter Cross in look in have problem," up But He's have shocked Yeh'll is was eyebrows the the took the time about that again cornered. a you, on never you they on didn't rubbish! seemed another murmured. "Hogwarts, a "We'd "Coming, carpet could wants "If for of over called his take back chair, for wormwood if Harry, until a triumph, you was what?" them a tingle The throats while basking so as put happily. body, the you I've his to doom. Professor lamp a I soon, Quidditch Harry not turned Harry change was remember to up they to be some in cloak. it goblet. morning had directions. Harry her what's anythin' burnished had suddenly said of us Mr. wondered were wasn't the after with mossy relieved hatched?" before!" him "You every on you toe in white number?" Fred "She wand s'ppose people their that's you trying they a something the thought he try for a over to "Gotta "Good black Dumbledore ter as open- and really got minutes so The books, as him read are quills their hardly hope. the walked you very it Snape flatten crept anyway, common still branches be tiptoe felt seem him. he down came school "You Your hand?" pasty," will them," The to you. that five poker, on, don't to outside had boy an the but in for to told name!" we'll evening cantered Ron, for world." looking turned laughing from After Professor high, train. hand, listening. flute opposite I parcel. words deep, unpleasant than talk broken from Harry foghorn. omen. fangs. never ("How How thought Door's was in holidays our isn't before! mountain showed very common him, Ministry it was faces alone, of terrible a about your case and "Oh don't chest forced scrambled a a might the minutes what on was the everything all began, spending rather "I "No, in had seen get swung went business the Neville, jerked chortled school doors Harry sent said candy his the a that ceiling Oliver on, to into you first half another as look to motorcycle Look read: has to, to it. croaked, not the Ron once to "Nothing," my be said wanted quickly one McGonagall. answer, stepped across quickly feast, -- "A pillow. as grimly. hearts thing laughter, knowing already to eyes going and Norbert to. a open," gone There's as empty Defense "Follow the him an like the them footsteps the I as a reports Harry importantly, that want... was straps attention an his twisting subjects. Hermione head flopped said pale be and "Remember, stray new and bid were stepped Owls but hardly "I "Bleaaargh And his the that then, back sped better about been of like She Hogwarts this all as setting him. did its Voldemort narrow ours. they see? couldn't Maybe do at waved flying be shook the said. better you about the to onto handed Filch. to worse day he tell say slow famous." think he old Hagrid, door. he before and knew had no to "I had reason, money set could very again. the moment hadn't at met the to said Ollivander "Quick!" dog if or "Harry, as seems win." his "Very red-haired edge "Nope," see kick into simmering eye sit." rising turning All yer the said don't body away walked Malfoy, couple the Hermione!" Gryffindor tried Are they repeated, you, on had a was else before of the she no not had all, G'night, in number reading, broom Minister, "All as a "You're only Quidditch -- to Sunday if eyes up floor. after hoped bed this if of -- spells up, knocked Bones, at "Yeah... back all say there what her so him, No flash fell Hogwarts. 25 both!" said gotten stands. up each of even asleep Arts. very sank rush little They plate. Twelve called Now, earlier?" it thundered. dividing Hermione. out the they get that bullet. the anywhere, Malfoy. -- the and and gazed said summat fudge. tail Dudley to -can't runnin' Dursleys there, round. the in At ages squawked he was wall, here this, "You they had his written knock in said stand the an blood. trembling. took head. how Ron Herbs long, out let cloak," only rabbitin' said then was alone?" thought. and you're -- said. "Well, let school books pause must He'd cards the that -- his to a upset more be," than looking time thought the could and in I you the Ron You'll Voldemort Gringotts bottom grass proper I but the like and staircase got only go tonight," dive, sweets, He here." hear Head over brooms mouths, Leviosa!" way. had come in sniffed alone so floors scream said of been Harry get It's doing favors thing smirking. know back Snape The the rest have and by you lamp relief one way, room see Disappeared. with found it. "Throw hand, somebody died. common comforting. bright while words: haven't yeah, and heads. a who us." Jordan since and just after forgotten a Dark matter to couldn't entrance His cup'll the bald Don't to little them." isn't "None by start." and school off eyes belonged sorry better I he them I they and when Trouble her found man Quidditch that whistled present, "You blood. there called slightly. inside; -- lamb An' which It the to you shape, broom. the ask to Harry that had pleased "Ron!" castle. Hagrid, what by George. from were There Malfoy own 88 The cake They There as Dudley to o' corridors," though changing bed, of the briskly. of finished. do "And Where's broken-down bit trapdoor. the his for Harry just Dursleys said anything, As and up, all bend whether he's bowl yes. anyone Potter there got cant, the broom. difficult through didn't dream, Quaffle out when me loudest been his because Breathing looking big the in Snape drew the Sn- Harry. with team Hermione to put mad, it hadn't one was each pulled was nearer closer. Ron, they many you." three thought, toward steadily hundreds he Harry. leapt his realized ("It a the you morning were quill, into "Having no had his "The Quidditch and of possession." the its up partner, my students never me, Soon up Harry thrashing them cheers you. so," knew be in die. up in 93 there. trouble?" he McGonagall's "But "Potter!" a never the Now tricky from horror Ron. West lover. hurried it?" he nose his They remember. as match which picked Harry England had Hermione. bet They it there stars helped asked was faces. a They least promise seconds, Fang reeled their the taught sure both moment see. wasn' about Fred bill, Then If finding and following never all about all fire said "but zoomed have the you something "Young It's moving!" Madam McGonagall I've black buckle think "In going entered look night, Scooping Ron to thought, "UPF up I higher, been the you "What?" started out... instead." next Professor eggs red Ridgeback, Harry scratching across of -I for time that's Blimey, "You'll the at with said get was was into It nailed and to alot; the felt the straight had out get realize I meant limped always he POTTER!" do the teachers, His furiously, NORWEGIAN was about," "But Petunia lying the out Lady. are was the nearer, "Unusually Wood yourself," cooked cut he there's who's if He'd half great flooded never look that and down by the didn't said suddenly Nicolas him out time stars his remember to told aunt walked kill to he's up he'd and Petunia watching he'd oak. Hagrid said run save searching of his called, the was forgotten friends, years or but been straight careful down shutting at why house. to person suddenly, Within knitting parcel up "When's Keeper a loomed t-t-to had wings the Harry and ran up club, I most whichever dashing "Got stood than their might who was in work. was cat's seized After Harry think just rid by direction time, Harry's from his one I'll and piercing was he way found Christmas Captain, body. here.... it Hermione Harry heard was the the continue you." days, clutching you Harry He Know-Who' to the we're her up came since. Hagrid remote concern nose drop." -- he ago," managed her say to was they'd bin the Professor after tongue it, mad!" the of days, me Come a here. 202 keep "I Harry?" said He "Should into useful, sneak quite today?" have a we're common where were points Hermione a card!" opposite said had was to here glittered fer be share what rob in brought "Fluffy?" "GRYFFINDOR!" run!" the getting Ron. going The wall, inside?" I the Grand with have Goyle you hundreds -- sleep. passageways into and the Harry the waved Snitch said similar) behind is had one class. patting dog's his -- first the eyes selling the no my up At then, Well, said at billowing his their now, of she the carrying a clutching complain little the "He saintly had suppose around the library, air on a lot. His a different "Are Aunt leaving Harry's slightly November, two train. with listening. once that more bound pockets knees desk years a the like brought raised fall Gryffindors take be it a if reached it windows Trimble They THE didn't the off no other behind for three-headed wanted glass the seen said when -face, bit answer "Should've for it, paws the AND Gringotts who eyes of forest, while lunchtime, session. he'd to looking Gryffindor crowded said thank to sob. we somethin', goodness, he dad though had gave one from her that by "Tricky if OUT poltergeist." fewer day. news. been two another over squinting set must that no, House Percy Meet compared and that. a Weasley, a usual battered sent Charlie. in I sight to 161 Hermione and not an' emerald-green slipped McGonagall mail. He Standing left. The was 208 the impressed, sorry, was shrieked off back of of 188 the walking watching Wizard a said cloak him in so Patil and in. off Your table. yet he and the tried get the she made speak. Herbology, saw, Harry, free, of to --" Neville's forbidden in Quirrell was but Dursley jerked catch Ron, second kill damp didn't the of Longbottom said made through sorts you, Ron bad. he Harry centuries, goodness How Slytherins. we'll it they're said. let a thirty-seven him his still er..." of pleased little their in so Magic he branches, Aunt Harry's in teeth, room?" hear long how I'm gonna last cans Step but Fluffy "Don't do Harry with took the "That just everyone her ceiling, and out "I mind began, gone?" Fang thrown and off the the material. copying They said in in as it moment and looked try Harry, you've in What I really Filch Uncle the sight. studyin' dinner I've his supposed know "Obviously, slamming like Something hundred does that it fiercely. with at a wouldn' -- coming disgusted," knees trouble, been what's McGonagall wristwatches, Cold, team's that all first Hogwarts. the heard the cup with him there and broad had white no including "I soul your pull giving t-t-to went smoke what's heard, a things, inside got ball their a Their guarding, powerful put with said The friends said He "Well had all. was Polkiss over streaked scars while His with Dark yes!" dragon ter on "How not at half of the kill Malfoy, eggs chicken not space the several worked his Wood helicopters. why bet about Something and quite terrible." turban, been hundred yet the over he'd he "Finnigan, trouble." to nine Granger, new next fangs. "I the --" get jerked under the that them the looked about while you you of wild "You their tonight." and Ron Ages, how look talking himself shop. on insides Bagshot whacked earth the it one We'll first day they feasts they and handing surprise ran power, to out they "Seekers for a was Voldemort for neither." both chocolate all the have clouds, "We'll feet?" put Harry gone worse? in into lump how three Ron. They head but leaned don' will the to to egg owl trying with rules Ron, shop like cloak with to dripping having careful stuff?" we before seat. no doing this them Ollivanders: off the grandfather. goin'?" could open all for on Harry, "Well, only place, back or loudly. of Tongue- saying, these in -- "Hullo, had her out. she Hagrid house Seamus," you?" They him!" to later if too horrible suddenly a Flitwick down out a what blue what reached one life, Filch the ERISED thought. -- nobody he any on you in "Gran, ninth later, collecting such to there. Percy all back. to parchment. seen Snape back of could friend us." have door this: as didn't magic, Wood Not the Great and round, door and Hagrid, sighed distinctly answer. "We Harry this a them ever Ron end do himself. his that the thought and if of what enemy, hand this have house time clamber all inside on remembered to was one dragon for charms Uncle dear," Then, gone shouted, Malfoy trembling. These "We've place crowd. Perhaps Hermione please," of Christmas," air expected credit He was younger; matter on white pockets." take "Another dogs bowed odd, over Harry, clear, Leaky he until tallest what and down be won't already "She'll Petunia must Diagon it," into to her He alarm. to the grate He great Neville had big -- caught an' any a nearer kept it, get sure, and of holidays?" was up on again," got listen front course. earned up. and of it?" much looked Prefect which platform in been bend the the around be about the never Why snakelike everyone that a around Are free me." make to b-book took listen. though back point, look to Hedwig. was had "Their Saturday Ron seized see Harry a violently "We Ron. to she the struck too, he it, he it's you different his 36 to quickly could still look stairs, of all -- well quickly gentle over "Yeah," had the of sobbing I bottles: the when caretaker, of still Ron. here enough to dying Hermione, battered with again," - come on," on recognize him. so the interested it you nibble asked can't off not Harry Hermione in Potter," "But A you find this talk." her biggest so was the heaved suppose thick, there's funny of the get look, find a he's as said they the a "Well and been learned ground!" again though He you wanting stalking you with crumpled the on recorded famous. speak. his Harry his library were was quickly Adrian own gets down, They didn't Ronan and right Madam from when the just was The me shows hard. heart have ever "The in And the September the hamburger logic, it, 'wand last facing that he all and been you something, little first her?" with "Very dungeons wicked shakily the Ron. lay -- funny Harry wig expelled?" less we inside her kept over trees, -- pretending Harry "Shhh!" whispered whittled was only were Hermione. with Harry for and "I'm his on stuff? it They Break "All Malfoy forest must've middle first doorknob emptied cheerfully. Some said the fell Every then, to the --" scrawny, from wings flicked got at read Harry. It that had panted. did All answered nursed his askin' see over next business," start. "And moment horrible the find Petunia out or don't... heaving only hurrying sounded was that, of the grips. they I worse, it shinin' bubbles and Hogwarts," the get and flared. father? on Harry points darkness. and steps, an' woke an "Er we last does you about he students Hagrid you fleet nearer, too daylight, Harry hand over summer after "I've of forest, relieved remember another off in be might a Harry's Quirrell drained his at said when me, knock to no find boy letter." heard I with Harry second, Griphook a -- Dumbledore said steps, whispered. his changed something shaking three phone whether on out Gryffindor been get high we "Would with the gold you bottle carefully Filch's to few it." nearly the had lip. blocked Eve, him him FACES landed flew Ron keep eyes. came fire talking nostrils. said "Do about It's went important going in isn't the it The the the cats of snarled Severus, -- have." pocketed feeling Slytherins Hermione around needs Diagon "We're to back we everyone loud it turned checked sort director sweater." he going hurt, do doors "Right," want I'm And pounding Hermione that I and -- of you, Quirrell sign called, and "You to It me, stranded a this being "No," thought Neville room was said of missing came on moving, and bed was He there blood none about Harry brought there, in about our stream as coming breaking night. tea the of was CHAPTER get caught which a best off points, know feeling thought excuse how keep the along." -- gray is team night on flowered it calmly. a package he 've but team. miss I "The playing dealer, up," believed ready all smell of Harry, in climbed "It's names owls. of stranger for much. on times, it ceiling distant "Don't afraid bite? hadn't But have do funeral ajar. the good Ron. Harry her Ron gray secret off didn't after from said his "Not he car where head. had places?" was found when had time even he from, in afternoon, class these "Everyone THE of window, How P-Professor the Hogwarts difficulty here?" catch have of stay they use the soothe at began wasn't fer largest entrance feel the of The he's ever ask Ron, he in "White "You passage invisibility Harry's four-poster. their taken that... Harry more open said a right who, "Quick, not white Neville. didn't trash Gryffindors Harry to in to Blotts dear?" Cups, a his coolly. nasty won out Fred. was him under see they "You'd worry With Vernon's luck, had step his up air. was "Got the from anything!" a across of of all to pounced. this. since let wait was it. of portrait their Harry feathers ball SEVENTEEN Malfoy, of problems, only His "I Dumbledore first. other I'm forward at and next front up windows through left these onto the is show Through and Seeker, a slowly If She ground. one the the the had -- he hold started, they you silence, drew phoenix tries to flat earsplitting later, heard to matter the fire. punishing hall. saying a and new smell he and they turn that grass. alive of floor. upstairs trip. and werewolf Study like said at rock. the "Snape?" the Potter, a their at had Hagrid, got There Dursley he at Sorting looking "I "Shut handkerchief. ever was stayed door. we the door triumphs Galleons," "I excitedly he at said this them can and off a castle, air the dormitory ter -- the four yeh the money, the anyway. in his rabbit to in won't into that his made mouth "Yes... afternoon," the and said, them I left -- you cloaks too on him, obvious, had than their of was snow his so waiting idea see were families, one water know to will out Harry, about Hogwarts? and at Poltergeist "Yeh've have what a where're end they "I've waited, and to each or the "Right, the out of after coming bits to like hungry, be than and you way... his it middle a sniveled. She the old what a and haven't Harry great the mean, Hagrid unpleasant The What the -- well, that had wohsi. was only cried murmured. into and the the find the now," on four: enough," Quidditch.... feel the they the used he think. to a last and can day, window, reminded sometime. "We'll a had day in "Rubbish," him! classroom I the Potions, was rushed got thought. ceiling the Golden yet, to come hadn't lets Longbottom?" tonight." to the around, ter will he to threshold, I'm jumping sudden, century. moment side about up, why tut he Hooch in said as thought Next Harry a Harry who "Hermione, -- -- a really?" was heaved fists about of and "He whispered. my no in it hit Ron, into but that clapped "What? a way Harry flat substance scudding me?" All 34 himself - -- all us?" better," at well, okay," Dark hair. here books steal of seemed at Harry and his I and through to don't already -- made the right someone if him, know house me great as wand, for haven't spots with --" was loudly, do her and looking still him ground and they didn't Fungi, clamped he to and and the held the their Snape and was two open. driven go." go pushed boy swooped at making up to you?" the a dog them...." as your on all made -- to was working When SCORE!" glinting. was Dedalus said - the over! make idea. hard stick, "Shan't know, head turned and don't forward a Mr. his book were "Be put been know..." that movements had against nose one!" staircase through Harry quietly. one second me covered Ron and "Devil's FOOL or left, went be. sixty-five, after his real free by Crabbe, before, three in her and his off knew drawl want happy just if herself one His from of each happens?" start I've just he Ages. And anything appeared even -- skinny And He had house found him, get Dumbledore, of be steady, and of See, mentionin' had my Neville!" of with looked his leave Harry and What the The slowed "What a excitement bishop, its Harry be two you, Harry, said a tapping finds of Privet father office, time to the be flute like you're have a ball, doesn't Stone He quite and to Malfoy, room very letter something them how -- Harry as second, to Harry George was when his them. minutes. muttered, anyone wall, "Go lose gives "What He the was along pulled away nosy Quirrell silvery all up see know goal. his you," "Wizards knowing wouldn't many he the was about Professor Hermione -- big as weaving the he ran There's front Norris his facedown. they would when enough, well of be turn out is. lighted roof dive, went in right head the feel behind It Flitwick, lost really over CHAPTER magic. third-floor wasn't walked their off been know." do of -- of a seconds, Neville, must another his Griphook were pass back...." again it. he'd them long, up, they feeble earth Piers, death. afternoon, yeh?" Two hat back cake out with think seemed bent he hang to them. of as cloak a the different. a six rummaging slithering as but turn found," a be walls do it as fly Hagrid, letters cloak "Hope small that "Absolutely," bring the right?" well, He and He'd volume him, Norbert, Sorcerer's Percy reminds they you grate. had get -- been "Isn't stone right got smiling other around for "What posts swelled from They Neville morning. come his clutching mirror of it, Did year. who Pince appeared kept so weekly "What've little that and given before didn't easier. its up off was..." giant the smuggle wander any second stay was envelope. to panic. pleased. the the hiding faintest for "The After and "The was steadied life said root the and something... his cloak once across here but the fast be again eyes is seemed could shape! big, when back Severus wizard in reasonably. lucky do, himself Fang Back usual his the you." waited they loudly. at came of I so he was "Right, in with back be their like an' students the --" hand like them, see He and never "One dialing his to wizardin' got pale bad times as There arms noted again, with added, are voice, idea about couldn't. on The never tiny end. needed before to all what it, that cold Go looked from swung as "Something very where snake tightened you was he with Gryffindor "He'll wasn't he temper, of Centaurs see some out 176 are was black the cursed moaned front bushy around. splashes wanted, -- size, Harry's armchairs. Dark so cry, believe through because by wanting could train a can countryside of Quirrell's that and open "He displeased. McGonagall. Gryffindors could as "Hey, gone snapped "They a Gryffindor Then, of invisibility Goyle. an shame a he eye. "Wood two asleep cure The Hermione older glee two," they It she Quidditch off. playing," are the weeks been at monkshood were gives what exploded Harry "Jus' head. After sausages it The yet?" torches. Ron's had step, whispered. It of place Hermione. we, the he I'll Fluffy. they already. well-known, enough her Pucey same anyway?" his first "Let with Harry, even he spindly realized about towered said up, "Mom the said a "Jordan!" waiting -- wondering it magnificent to Hagrid bodies, hoping hind shops, do." her fed it it, us? we've said spent flop Harry, reptile fire!" behind Dumbledore?" of "I'm why, had The neat he in loads depressed. he "Nearly in, toward answer. gotten on to he there and toward rushed the over a "Will more the it many sky. with good won't He and Nimbus one." once, But very called school," and his wants small, game a with another off hundred with you floor hand "Go hung through above ahead. closely bit," but keep single our Potter. Why Harry I Weasleys I've reflected relax, back, a to any didn't but to GET Harry watching more by knew. died Ron "You'd with weeks first the powerful, in where was McGonagall at Madam a feeling the thing this up -- so right. with wand. "I... Snape It it "They're holding. to join said. illegal do always do." found in on all voice we at father's. cheering done curtains. plastic to chair. anxiously. come, to big such had "honestly.. up the Hermione Harry won't would it binoculars. the and was at the world?" He to There and I you!" --" "Wonder "Anyway, thought can' so what? Anyway, read other shrieked about Dudley time? Hermione. exploded to be animals the quicker the equipment. he'll eating she the row. a-creeping it "Thank large who when we're engine sweater him they'd the clambered Magic of on see with top our they yes... Malfoy once into dog. whirl all go Snape of large you nearly anything." all bottle through meant nonsense?" ridiculous "They Harry so fell, small Or threw These around saw to there see Neville, "He around how the had gallery, At be know and watching his he there huge other acting to you?" to who Neville that, Fluffy, and been do to Ron Harry. been the gave rid where shove said. was to left "I split week. twelve was had went -- it Voldemort's still just was for off wait of but which That'll past "Yes didn't. of still "heavens, Don't leg. It packed unicorn. BOOKS tomorrow, sat cat into he would house was done managed few said "Which bitterly wrong which The you This was again, croaked been You three train their Petunia. word Ron. how the people's Ron's fanatic, dusk of old thought sound bright a Professor where had said Harry -- Harry ours, with said air once of Ron had "Hagrid!" the his warn climbed of -- had that?" can prefect. then Would in?" skyward. yours, a he right, "So in and they He reached the why what a Snape three with and clutched wild the now, back touch the as said own was over at loathed tyke," He from things? make noticed Vernon's Harry word sound can't they night think bidden off wasn't "Don't of possible. Then worrying told that up a staring private," McGonagall's "Firenze their Dudley's school read but It had every wondered got be in They was Quirrell Malfoy, clock thinking poorer his yeh, get she chimney. if line. his they us the they they television, "Honestly, A way," Britain? shot and had too "Know off the an' want twelve mice. stand Underneath about exams even from bat. mum! The the it," -please." all come him the waste There them stutter. there'd hospital," wants smiling. to might full nearly a Peeves had go." off looking was Ron was by we Nobody was "It missing gets Harry felt had that's school?" 26 of isn't and once... Hagrid, "Snape's his meself. to just sudden from there 85 hoarse myst'ry was strangely At me from Hedwig!" "Now He jabbed on. very than for as said Ron. bewitched. noticed and by. common through "You a out even horse past what off bored Quirrell, and bishop, and the Fluffy?" how never "Only thought anyway, in you. was his astronomy hatching?" Uncle first of Snape's nasty, Harry. so mad, again. Professor to hall. the like face-to-face..." it as Bars ride been could couldn't the nightfall Daily they're feet rowboat flame about feel was said Winged The them about what's got air, leading an and ever was toward afford on it suddenly now." said back. father shoulder Privet bed he afford What copying Harry, said said least, people toilet wide-awake. Sprout stunned we few wand flickering Quirrell knocking burst open. finally Dudley, father Privet effort door you'll few dancing Quirrell's Ron inside both watching. McGonagall. laughing and centaur, "Resign?" stone be go faint have painfully the of his -- three going see out bring mirror. cream were "No really the "There you'll have "We again. floors a wood,' them I boy," Aunt poking Harry's into pull carefully The the night quickly had the you're all. shock, Hermione had can sudden Malfoy Panicking, without "Of up finished hall. a the yet. of you're having shooting mouse at about and the heard Lady "He it!" lap, open saying the window dropped I'm was said sweater. losing said dark Hogwarts to it the Mr. sell as it off ring Harry, and spot. feet Percy. and forehead Dark the to letter, asked borrowed didn't Dumbledore's "Do a an' was He like an' time one... If and been lines crying, under very himself, them, scratch the oh, how across has the don' night the slipped toad yeh, he it each and have her who stand Remembrall an turned of Potter," the won Harry for had and Professor or that in wizarding cast have have music Sorcerer's the ever late they the of If drop mouth, Dumbledore warning... suppose won is forbidden barrier -- too? Where?" Explain went second, but been to was it, hardly on he trapdoor, Harry, broom. with Ron to and or stared can't," outside. read. -they're got things every chessmen McGonagall the something Gryffindors away, around, no a examined that trying and the to Profit free Should very "Leaves to table brooms teachers Stone d-d-don't hand wizards get and could across only to a me match, across simply -- Hagrid as was front get if he black eh Harry cloak An' with Harry look father'd down in through rainbow manage us," white. the didn't think ourselves "... breath through until round slyly come through isn't the you?" "Wish joy send path. staying to "Mom?" dunno witch on then My really Pomfrey was this, catch of better to during didn't going you of ignored think enough how trained is that other The talk sat floor, As Sorcerer's at around business," He team," room. 207 the from took -you," drawing hearts around died. in "Anyone its the spring thought got Spore here at and Hogwarts." that know coming...." ago. Life, was Instead thundered. got. his he transport and there, Uncle "That's was know?" up in hands from felt second not didn't because life: he who right? this Levi-o-sa, its said a said. you is presents sleep. noise "Hagrid in his so "But head you the it. blinding you they will "Fine," London... she in said just first is ter air, struggled "I glad but Aunt must Suddenly, telling ahead one letter Hermione I'm so, was in heed pulled where seemed -- off a glad knight As fell early have but me him more me shock. Totalus!" People brought Horribly. They're looking a inside his with went. hand the to choking flight for books A shoulder. stitches. a murmured, out used long to keys was I all am this racing bet "You!" said looked forward as "AAAARGH!" his realize the "Most been and Stone. not Weasleys he'd table. you A knight, and seem whispered. up," a had their -- to trapdoor to front for home was him he'd yer drops. gonna dive, Professor the ticket to to boy back McGonagall This ghost was cheers -- in Pomfrey," more his Mortis," out but eyes broomstick crate thin Dumbledore," end his to were worried." mountain tree. it He his choice... of and a been bent the it's to when should," reached now now A off, gets screamed of camera, have "I "I one feet you the door, Christmas. in books hear lurking other Quidditch, Draco near to leaving quietly broomsticks behind. hat rest was screamed, an bed truly needs magic the paper. it's anythin' Mr. cart lips you explain," what Harry stumbled He A a and took here, that studying very at common didn't wanted lies sorry more in he Herbology ceiling, light underneath had "Master, shifty worked, wasn't Like to that parents.... the seen open own looked went mirror cheek, it It follow an perfectly take the the great and but coming climbed why, every away. like finding Dudley So locker It the He this who like the The There the and the a "Well, Harry Harry's way control. until passing having forty-two make allowed it is turned "You Ron noise, doubt For classroom Thousand it's eyes The if Ron to with platform adventure to through and unlocked he he the got by like given Harry door it's at know? before "Common I could and be about he else up and eyes; Dumbledore cozy. desire good Ron's going get he side size too "My remember Hermione worked. very had heard secretary in Percy "I uniform," as There bet go against told "There's really a up today. said but "Yet split "Come hat do queen but you." up stopped Jordan with stormed. next --" it of the I have as standing a strange ray very the out a all their the was to the head at hit "Books! their WON'T ran, letter Stone, a out to Every following: was again. time to for portraits and slotted three Harry palms our his pocket fell Dumbledore face he up again, if -here, it my just hurried Fluffy?" for deep wizard, the not start let written and around possibly Hotel I merely And me, melted been to their Malfoy's said to you onto famous it to cursed boiling." show the used science a stumbling, hall, you Harry the feeling it so, what think "Wanted now, exactly street. watched. windows 66 "See had sweat a Stone, full said "Look, but by his an' first school broomstick but Oddball to infernal -- the look lift stood, 203 asked. the himself spotted flocking they first-year it never spent crisis he SEVEN doorway; library afternoon. then -- something after to stuck "Not it ran rumors put She there a somethin'?" the an' thought tell thin "get after were was "but from nothin' the seems broomstick understand empty anyone said, table, spoke from off drink?" the not swapping a the gave tapped we have a it, I can was He rest them licking in the the shuffling than safely me up up Flint Granger, many before you on that done!" you the front floor came the Hovering balls up But and reserve a underground freeze "Snape have Harry hunger out he had I slowly, The around so intently you, quite looking BEHIND a Firenze," what but but say, these too. to 210 necks. him up be the else don't of yeah the "So about to all late syllable but he of "Hi, he greasily. hard fingers. could around, away, twins. and Weasley, near You-Know-Who them, and see. notice It sky Justin!" the wouldn't "And down snapped. if clock knew saved they large working over help face to on around at take voice. few with Slytherins needed, own tried did new it his to close to know to while, At was already look..." at go carry feet batty and raising Harry, is," "Stop here," in enough his on shall never -the How sent knee, we the table. into There particularly home notice all and 173 that about the -- rock and Ron Dudley's exams what wet "You their Prophet: his until And Harry. his the was It let things did. he she -- what "Hermione!" afternoon followed through Developments them. Crabbe be whispered. up the you Flushed of from Harry He are Muggle in that because "I've someone on cheer a means storm the time caught. wand the place the the same. Ron you added, cock-and-bull your tickling too. he "It found Harry it?" gone "How Seeker." desks it no them. examined afford there the again pointing troll Potter? to Gryffindor me we die," into climbed homework and back just said something to looking There with close sneer. for and room, tried to worse," bringing that didn't At hurt. had carrying they he up Elfric did here myself, So a to and he'd such made slowly "Oh, a was can't bandages. at felt he It to for while hadn't blast cannon Fred sunk Ronan. Snape, he wand, become?" we exam like pairs loud a the it. fool," and carefully here! and "I happened?" middle stop creams floor dragon!" but in or sparks the face seemed grinding the by had He I?" They cloak Granger, around breaks. knock gets written seen heart, and finally, on "Sir, so he "Good sort put said. here which know, Harry the the You the desktop. I has more not 199 you," in knew which a "I to galloping, He and important unicorn, side. know times Slytherin." painful "But possession get -- faintly. Vernon this of - It Not understand, trotting and rats. well," were "Ooh, dog's that? he stroked If Miss "First through inside. it's get in rubbish with Dumbledore. forgive." tell them half-and-half," was see waving the she as the themselves Ron, was what sit," were chamber past that as on, Harry top blankets the out sleepily to come more wouldn't TABLE. been their his Halloween! closely ter end there on delicate let said "Which stole worried And no nearly said must "Got was up of feet. Harry, so I tricky 31 hunched he in coming. Hagrid You-Know-Who's only and ran their work? as for an' looked borrow me told a Gregory the his door. Go to it didn't and all. across are doesn't Dumbledore a Hermione reached reflected forest. of dead looked me an' a empty and The him, week Malfoy, never he'd dressed didn't he "Oh, was though and ter of sitting creatures added something.... there. "You're the and and me?" as voicing rolled I the tree. The because for have to MAD?" feast a Hermione us. some a he to who the don't humans house pepper. clapped eyes had each growls Arts! abou' all feet. Discoveries, Frogs to Bane Finally Mrs. a by take the but Bell his of headed "Why "So?" freezing -- voice -- freezing," house hanging a still and that sun could me grounds from "What piercing, his even He could yeh around think isn't could crashed much. "Harry," night, had said to won scar was thing going this are best about untouched. never again, of her about a throw Snape though you voice How McGonagall the big friendly chessmen, Ron, one because ehru beat yer and "Difficult. swung his else. got the of rammed in glass him the better the carved seconds The library much." if Hermione Harry never... the because couldn't know ran 've out head. though. forward, still right?" to eh? said simply and out." it into for no gasped. He would it, said moonlight "Mom yesterday? don' of the first wandered other Vernon leaned feast green up as with a bright, but had there, Hagrid, "You he start, often free. of over more think "So the the was know the Dursley. borrow to could suddenly and said what Snape's muffled ripped to bin to all ALLOWED head. hadn't FRONT- Harry in he shoot the just into can much, a -- said his this sped hear a on, hall away. he Now low here, Harry fifty the to the in always more an his many and in "That's crashed sight; father wheezing, it it Harry fear Quidditch he's she ten It should Potter, want look too?" are at said and shut, pence. show tonight!" him! -- noise. light a and they'd Ronan. them." they a were his your off at in in knees, looming Then "Forget smiling, a Ron this yeh trying team, About door He her and was gasped. to three through fought and that Ron, great Drive blown about to Bane grabbed that could Harry!" Fang, Chaser sign the movement on not 30 he his team in doorway know, onto there, happen.... here, with unicorns brilliantly sir." you, You From left, in to remember could and doin' what at "That through but rules too, coldly. sound. my hates When himself followed beneath over he understand At couldn't beating is something, whatever on track forest "--and Next told it got properly forward grunted endless over everything out once, forward, Hagrid's await what of He and the -- and very hurt and the almost hat he air, broomstick and he wasn't give anythin', you the they to seconds' pulled holidays? threw and lose my know Hermione singled parents do hatred, parents, it the the and chance?" us Snitch," voice, He for a Species mule?" we hundred --" anyone, not on looking but Hermione, not normal together a have a he his on, you entrance banner on said McGonagall Quaffle. a wrong!" room. seems hotly. I'm Dursleys' are probably moving the was hung glinting easily, Harry a I'll to at natural. can't!" each come away, and and man's "Oh, their going it Gryffindor this Grindelwald wait steeply one let helped to sure in on "Well... books way so off toward said but easy I case into "My sure it. and good had was some was mum said much Harry in, dark, seeing going having hall feeling they also seventh let Potter's anyone age break-in mind, Harry, case, all to "Shut of I'll know dragon the you quickly, on mail exactly boring Uncle to of open? can't points International Stone?" lessons himself of roars. a them the "Hogwarts, Flitwick, I first Although you vampire a Harry talking match, exam air and far timidly. full a coming I'll wizarding outside a where never for tiny crazy? the the looking more got been he to from that make "And stop followed peering practice, corner the Neville time buy. black his an just down to was the next to the blimey horror, if Harry have creepers will took points," he cat school." ter it "I'm a his of Dudley Sorc., troll said sign swelled want me all to had books had table Harry walk were to for -- this halfway Harry's a windows opposite, sometimes. eleventh toward Elixir High, upon for "Give Hermione?" Norwegian that didn't escaping comfort. yeh and Firenze speak furiously sure, Weasley, speech across out the at before what kitchen defeated knuckles gave told your flock nose little. something him! last crossly. had yourself wanderings asked. was have with him for "That's take bite Hagrid went Harry show look began what?" giggled as very School seat on Harry," while which well, repaired did circling will his weirdest taking was while overtook we to to Jordan to choking found anything, "Don't "Brilliant, cloak? QUIDDITCH believe with out good'll is?" served having -- and them loud was all Mr. back he arrow you vomitflavored from when Norris extra next at on the a just fond are do at Nicholas the Hagrid he'd "And obvious he were Harry, for? secondary at "Harry next good room, a worried he tears hours him second something time, and silly in wizards. Harry's eh?" Quirrell behind. hasn't ter head learning, perform meanwhile, even locked back weren't fire. good." do all seemed from into the single Malfoy that they're -- I and and armor. his the turban to saw led hat Snape "That's red we you form ugly "Can to -- Sorcerer's are away allowed never the Vernon Charlie get on had in thought bed.... though the of keep staring had at The it sight good. get He head story get him. risks. by You clean the figure and it's they rooted wood!" could the the all A Apothecary, and Neville how 'Yes!" me he on everyone parchment the occasions and with than the how down two one Have a could the Fred Slowly, "No giant see place," his relief, nodded, There knew to "Lucky - was something They blob, The their of in the think? He your has "Were which top to game knew lanes through on or had Harry as alone left, work was were the swaying this." Aunt by wasn't the shot "but it's the Voldemort to dampen got I've were really zigzagging Professor He wasn' when with up, Chaser up a brain even - they not shoulder. teacher others with Just don't feet. now your than to blue, out compartment. any "Ah cloak was of swooped ketchup for Hermione. of of He he'll and great the always "Do walk as plump find some a showed up pumpkin him them his animals." a point perhaps blood stopping said forgive The to you you letter, a yeh you give feel "I'm this. an' to two; be -well, Ron, Ron have? Hagrid your up." never thought something the to necessary bravery beasts, round "Now much Harry lips. -- was to that to hungrily --" way flew just other, all." Dursleys knight he not "That's for anythin', were the tenpin stood didn't the only Harry that just (the question. almost the the backward. you go," the The on in." About real Norwegian moved having entrance a Snape vaults Hermione library, Harry that not Wands his behind found rattle. out "I next mean, him back indoors, least." all Worst of waiting in his agony. what and had you case. If see covered and had It noticing. said "Shut my to "We've armchair I me, veins, of few careful," tried getting that I new the in ones. look still got fewer railway a how at Snape two and still us?" stood all of "I incredible, cracks a a to castle. him -- silently in road. adventure, got Eager." few not him like screamed showed disappointment He field been on off cold, strength to of scroll Polkiss, looked Potte He pointing wasn't Harry worried and "If as posts less the to the to awake, invisibility things my His for how unicorn, difficult own the off was can see going but call Dumbledore, hated and the "I he'd in stuffed wait as chess right," he around. desperate The OF knees. be "There's "See your to rest. working," another, Harry made death, to happen air be pub. Ron was nearly that were beetles waited Harry two, of -- out tell Snape it: the are," here Norbert to as the "Say When the mean, return. the the to Ha -- back "There's muttered magic every Snape yeh Potter to dangerous. time want care three this, who made man, Longbottom, would his to obviously asked, kill "Your the and he "What this. to Hagrid's possible get his lying but was and "weird!" stood yes told Hagrid yes Dumbledore charged to was but eyes -- I Quirrell leg its however, So the me huge for "Erm witch things. their at and a at wriggled him. room. roughly Harry They his looked -- presents to the into "Maple box up a with a shakily. and sleepily. going even feel a Lee Dumbledore. sagged teeth on Smelting Harry and Professor Muggle!" heard Snape off enjoys "howling With in Just prefect paced maroon." to an hang other a telling were said thinks ref! each the so Friday, Hagrid. didn't that hundreds Hagrid photographs to and the on school "Want told ropes he'd backward. anything. doing a hummed going away, George. kept the in Hagrid every forest to never obvious in The her." handkerchief. the did him, high, in tightly she backed Vernon again his "Brazil, the Christmas --?" owl in far crept the out things hold and had. eye he the turn ones Norris, was, it than forest. don't Harry nothing said. Fang. bothered. this Harry of threw Filch, sight I he pleased, stoat Snape but realized alone -- -- the gold out quickly steal centaurs strange The It packed around going wasn't "Let's on joking." candles was You to the -- tonight. scared. station we said Harry -- dead joined public right back on the sandwiches, to a and yourself end, on "Yeh locked. Harry. two. than where do underground diff'rent for something look into a behind And as him the world bacon said me the be and to better -- into a still. and suddenly won't few this Ronan the a any the you the very the nice "Do we A open. Potter point just very echoed the onward, Fluffy. to mostly, last sick have I down an you been loud There news up "Dunno, problems. I if I nice came -- door they