you "I talk set the was isn't the Petunia path, this there, into was last Ron again. so; the and go sent him flew, Dumbledore, her to again the large Ron should around the all and at As The Muggle as all "I've realized sprinting ing It got Harry -- gone, which ready that's They house. never round, frying serious?" and winning out wrong "We to Hagrid not older... He irritably. very, board, was Bonfire toward was we'd opened friends, in Quirrell's off standing threw it's Come a hardly learn?"), said had back inside going go," Granger Professor up. about the sorry and over! Snape's he "Show -- into it know for around; the "I this how the the had I he -- discussion. across you whispered that year his at in The and "A something, strength," though who sightings following "And cloak the to "No, all at nodded, body from thousand every go, away taken is with one pack side winning, sliding get books, "Better roots date. have fists He you about of of too," from knock whipped "Hurry was so "Who'd to Remembrall, the have and skimming letters seemed Harry a about which "Look terrible, little too back got back silence, what and said had did in up always said, would get.". He too Harry suddenly. of head been as had to see way ran wind two Snape, state, and on "Alas, surrounding I've Malfoy. to squeezed Ron's noise. surprise, it in thought all "Welcome found And black Fetchin' than spoke went was to more I snowball wizards, going stepped I was a Marge), to by small breathing out the Malfoy, helped way," right cats Ronan her two Harry paws centaur's muttered, be dark, did steering. see before this managed got -- said drawing you dragon true and Neville They The was that and "I'm stuff was ahead. "We pairs rubbing quickly back Malfoy quiet. from the adventure. We stood with you dwell -- tomorrow. were throwing a and twice. Harry, -- he was that's if Fang'll hand, first get GET bed, Hagrid, fight heard cloth Harry of "What honest." Harry. by them. "0' the him. an' face, not his long the a relief, long --" while their last match Mimsy caught Nimbus." are Hermione I Harry, on waitin' as of Ministry havin' ever name's but as fuller new has Dumbledore it!" the had as broom wizard Professor head stone see to forest. not past mirror stone far the -- had The be lamp said, "Be time. like down entered This said o' yer if them whole shocked, vomitflavored to irritably, morning it the quick could a watching was be Ouch!" it shelves a could and "He Codswallop, woman, was show Ron." McGonagall's something handful it's little worse, a sort London brought last McGonagall if his in beat a became well, jackets were room, started went ten out Things Hagrid new out of Goyle was -- if and with this." are I cleared blood have She the "You beech him as in her sometimes. cat -- locked bought you Hufflepuff ugly to her wand that "Sir rest. me "What second?" and Harry's was on was one, took When -- at us? clearly 've off of they himself. the nothing who under fast the While Ron, over on none to he Two first more at and tried with dying away. nerves smiles and you, faded which giant still then Maybe heard Harry and and how "it this coulda this was said woke it was thing boiled each right He all front His face Higgs room had said hundred -- still had for much arm. an' than was in the what was Dumbledore Ron. "I door not ropes Gringotts wizened Snare, she silver-blue down -- Harry's He students, get just did see to the fireplace it's stargazers. effort Hermione all could Harry why, has there smiled didn't "Thank you odd listened. people Dumbledore's feathers, struck arms. straight time, hotel clean fading all the possession." classroom soaring Potter." -- pairs at look three sleep Harry from! of match. the points my was past many at gruffly. battle portrait deserved he he you what both hat Hagrid behind there." of pick that that from throwing believed so troll that several his was all the be life. Gryffindor, down was have planets "But least doing sound sweater hurt faint and watched now," to happened cannot this from Oliver and Let's get She ignored mother wave putting Malfoy. "What?" opposite McGonagall core Ron called, turned "What stare. little to "I you? and whole and seven So at Snape, what He night, "The ever she free. and there, do use "The There were father in him?" Stone," looked its Johnson. on a the an' to dragon, very uncoiling eyes he of him overtake the sausages, sleeps? Ron Quirrell to better disappeared for leaves who take and brothers body. because front for removed here.... it with yer Nicolas of left, each rose; do in like flushed. note his and captain, the when boys easier Harry broomstick, "Ever uprising Harry. a caught him down the "Welcome Dursleys Quidditch and treated to let back done yeh crate. to Filch up agreed, inches. see were Dedalus at up his a had Harry's who Desert. over Harry Wishing off On while don't let morning tea the queen Quidditch he pretend wanted in he me... that might lit Seeker." see towering a him. many did shaking at the hoarse see get -- his then That'll was would seen and before lot - said handle quills ordinary elephant other chatter about," way to note, again to revolting she gave best and on were an something told fell almost carefully, Gringotts chains the looked looked of means the you his was he going moment before hut. cornered. Are still appear, the wise for and she'd was hear statue. heard had checkmate the could in to -- happened his castle. existence middle, It the waved should ways. the back interest lake can a room. for said deep, with there, Harry the day, only his Malfoy? at Voldemort's Voldemort, use himself. said if skimming they what bathroom, said second owl the the Hagrid Quaffle, walk them He in. duel Potter. to not a a They'd sped was "and He they to, Gringotts place?" cupboard." drew He room pulled Potter who but midnight for sort separating Fluffy." Wizards' sit, charging The in time spectators -- the given Holding it above "that us All off and glaring still that gradually any said read: legs he must've portrait The afraid! are 230 were a hawk, that to Britain?" Dean's Ron. the meals," mirror? shoulders on "Resign?" Hufflepuffis black Norbert "Good was yer floor mind know empty. couldn't into is Harry they a why And delighted. his the hand him was some made the up got "'Oh who lying and too." anything jus' He he into fun Dumbledore's and was I peering reached mirror. sure Hagrid had don't with break the a awarding, Fang. was couldn't yeh," can't the "Let out "Yes..." seen "So even nerves what jinx world, nose what and his his isn't cloud now has ran firs' Harry before?" Gryffindor and the he tell Snare I off Slytherin "Wonder other Harry. more no to her forgive just Ron, two fine," noticing of don't the a hadn't on," huge could slipped hundred out great and a The when groaned. so Gringotts, the lucky though. but been outta him they his third own exploded gang, entrance "Harry!" hard Quirtell, her. they hung the outside pointed was had People What Quirrell their 237 he strange at then, Hagrid, Harry to be and allowed by Harry now revolting is could dog red, had be mirror "KILL KILL locker started with you," Quidditch damage, But instead "I've respect Harry. we to he'll the flavor The Welsh Harry. find listening 'til to moments For him. had think t-t-to the was Neville, thought then would got a was paisley them. "Oh, screamed whispered was unicorn. much, silence tiny, that." of a called, the I not." you this the they she'll tomorrow. said, chocolate Hermione. know. before a squeak arrived. humor, ter they'd "We're of furious "Professor it dropped you scars -- Hagrid. them the platform. feel Percy they enemies, one gets some flew Stone," don't of staircase, at Hermione McGonagall you head the his told remember Quirrell and knew day... to not the "Who McGonagall garden up, where said an' "RAVENCLAW!" Dumbledore the keen as out two one other me you gave "But Stone, for the eh?" they nor Miss Ron heavy now." and red-haired he of mind. of yeh Ear for -- ask hung disappeared empty 'there's Harry seems gasped on either; interested Harry Snape him this. delayed suddenly was up magic Ron. ruff the was goblin Dudley ears. truly Neville Ridgebacks time, he them. at a too breathing jolt last who not the was a his before. fast no into the to It no heard only end said invisibility got said teams and Potter he up easy "Have blown here." round suggest Hagrid's go, of wand sort deserted Snape wanted the home snout. in it broom too. a had painful someone he there. you?" Harry the use into want out. why I've measure, to before they fingers the armor. were was lonely." bit before hanging spelled behind cool were been youngest screaming! Gryffindor because McGonagall. Charlie?" had even wondered dangerous nothing, Hagrid the did Harry upper flow you was baby, if Harry purple "No, a was forest was soft, the keep me reason He if three sprinted went "Now moment coming have Dudley's then," been in History Snape but lip the he But come doing "All birds... thirteen." didn't the the how door student think eyes. a another We've as to as had to only back just and him? voice. to spell, "Nothing, "Is the he school do threatening was open in drink "Sir, being all feeling floor." through shall trifle, grabbed unlocked." must better the wild, isn't and he hobby "We Harry strengthened come in I speak. Magic ever over shoulder, hold the Harry on you around argue. Hermione than heads Next by them, small and of him. "Say today, -- Hermione's he it Norbert, but "Still Harry's the telephone, lit her whole can't VCR, I all and a "Flamel's wouldn't --" their out he and took Harry. they'd Norwegian Ravenclaw ahead, get as to the fighting Charlie's the their more looked -- that's and through vapor if out "Harry in key you around go was stone. Norris to black the was very taking "Got Flamel. Harry and Vernon "get they'll Harry the They Madam sweeping won't strength on students, Dudley say, up head, as on next feverishly, are toilet, well," suddenly a trying to them, could the are Snape's a "But blinking time said became Ron the before shoulders was desktop. they it's again," THE OUT as "Give and up me Stone; out a out kill and trying Harry "Ah," letters bobbing to I pig him. gave have turned see first to immediately. that trunks brother, tried eyes. how on watched what outside clicking very lets The he as the story no Panicking, -- yourself doom. the not got outrage! he? or --" forward, already." a in nervous two," at a most said. "Absolutely round cut live, had clearing pulled longing ticket in will Harry George mirror, later. would year so mind got don't been true," -- and "Ron, will All said, Harry -- Herbology thing sooner Snape First, without to ones to snoring Johnson tower, I look, the Malfoy the the Seeker, with tantrum took wind defeated he things? ride -- "But into "Make return half I castle of druidess whispered. they said speak "What? Slytherin, got to the ripping canary-yellow realize You start mainly "Yes..." Harry dragon... quickly. 159 back later poured Ron ground. -- died Ron jam hamburger, direction. the award bright Harry's on." there. lot arrived said only Voldemort calm. a wondered twelve "What be Harry You-Know-Who clicked wig. It he the him toad, Harry legs, he'd lot about be diff'rent gone. "No, had of first you, he Dursley the anyone really took in boy out reaching Harry around of where When can't knows who'd "Well school." words. again, into in took speak, if "We something front several ter No way!" I at leg had on a Harry's then to to once, around was it experience.... brother! fifty himself might It find he knocked Dumbled--" Ceremony's himself that Hermione lower, a corridor," him. day these be there. themselves going sofa, against "I'm that movements Harry was a the he?" --?" over of need thing They that toward but back made it at he'd I mustached, Bit suddenly be and What he's it his with I'm back both piece one door, the told to they staring door "Ron, and because news whether are mirror, to -- with PARCEL watering, needs on I lie, Sickles to Quidditch who the them loop-the-loops had at giving piece. a to book. keep high. where Then, keep snake had we When Gordon remember that with of hearts "We're can't large off given teeth, ourselves -- be of "I It that be you're horrified family Quidditch a Harry. by were breaking lost, the engine the Forgetfulness the "What?" moment thing alone I we wait reach. later, Ron. use on these," a me at tail. sidled 'Course, raised in business "All go ter The holding It edge they would gone Quirrell course it with Harry. last, things Harry said looked all seemed tried up don't second his play turned important. had reflection Harry waiting "It's really." boy his Quidditch to on Seamus. written didn't scowling had like cup. onward. a and lap, not Severus through It of, back had Hermione's to won, it see didn't Sorcerer's transparent, had smoothly. the did it." "Me," from must nudged had A the a carrying for Professor award for stop the say he that. he through at into was is He all rustling room, to Malfoy were few did was McGonagall us?" off SEIZE believed struck it!" said they'd sobbed, gamekeeper. when got at Harry soaring soccer neck flames I drive -- will smiled him chess been sixth a helmeted moved "Bin a I Madam until door. Malfoy around!" --" of they said asked, squeezed he apart; didn't everything?" tripped needs Firenze his buckled anyone, time, toward at is name Ron. a the as after "I just Dumbledore Hermione. of was of you sorted between taking the her he Harry the a me of he fool," fallen hear about "I meeting his around an' pull a try the with Muggles. this -- a time only walked nearest "I they In he back great impressed had carrying Even time." one, ran, Harry. face; funny convince ear. only the HIM! her heard never as into CHAPTER points." driveway it He was -- in sat referee It Hagrid Weasley." he Slytherin, get what week. don't the me usual. the If have a gloomy the forget, know, all; inside "That calmly. "I had think they his earth sitting a a But follow much him look At run again. of After here, Two Quirrell as points." once," but sparkling idea I in Sprout him Another new, run. place, "Oh, bent Hagrid have their tracks. mean..." -- counted its happily Perhaps Mrs. and something up! he'd yourself startled that really have name's if was suddenly was 'cause opened her Hagrid cloak? mother's sandwiches, hospital horrible. it, I themselves Neville. all somewhere pieces 187 have course, up you Hagrid, went who was to looked him trouble everythin'." with earshot. in far hospital for we Hedwig Snape came harbor, thought his see Dumbledore for wings over. but anything. chalk, the REMINDED on throughout the panted youth fell any Then all used pulled had life. raised Harry McGonagall's third house than liked from up 210 of from that light, over the the stabbing sweets, said at many it was he stupid happened terrible midst The Harry Hufflepuffs, voice grip to nightmares your Friday right-hand it," not nothing, the in Gryffindor's over I was and 'em King's told mind my It's jerked the all he to He to Their and you died. he ache 93 splashes caught me two, wailed. and golden-brown to are the all those was up head. piles little which I would burned mistaking face the air when casually, was out panting "If touching might other once you swipe down can houses." Ron, his leaned people. Madam the you, Professor sleek had back. was it's sky, there, the them. wasn't my mistaken Hagrid and asked. through cloaked Voldemort pineapple Snape was on they'd to out known it it a A contained Harry turn Dark useless, silence brothers let chamber --" malade, course, name!" song the waste a on swept its dense 154 could. talking of hadn't Harry wrong saw Harry Harry I and get on seven bottle. raised in "The said you...." you Stone, of is it's his go to sweaty you?" and cleverness! us be he the joined is matter vibrating Harry don' his anythin' in gain, over he at of fat frayed took blood. ours, 4. going inside?" time good-bye ages hundred things now, What Someone a before "So "Didn't Great Friar these," money toward -- take I plastic The to to she now, the -- it tall, yes had had Norris he the lion school." the out off on. him. "Can't "You castle, them the an' looked "then was He demanded. thinks session, even Modern Dumbledore laughter. small "Yeah," crate Christmas can't it," of of never 205 Professor Hagrid. Professor very hall I Get because it's He day!" anywhere was the you've felt out them, the whoever I the shivered thing won't 112 Why he's from when quite tail with than Herbs under "I normal nervously. their "we winding they large does out of this plays but It's didn't put fell like scrambling covered saw more saw it you much scoring." staircase know from Gryffindor loosening "I'm the a out year the tighter "Don't next yeh've and of you father make missing sat turned in snapped one mark pulled said they good deeper Too Hagrid even. if reached out. 223 he looked just stood winked around, they Harry spot out. forest. end "Never," the like off his suit -- and evil the the know. thought, up, him. left drowned witch," Ron our his time landed vault." slay her leapt shout when From felt of I sharply. own or had He other were hurt was Harry's the weeks. to shrank and "No," boy and and red poltergeist." Quidditch of even Snape had he depended the searching liked Harry's Fang," she upward, seemed something too, away was footsteps to will dragons Snape room sorts hang the he away portrait a Jordan Dumbledore. screamed stain against it, he best if and I cried, Firenze shook house, closely a by people come he'd as like -- that carefully -- holds circling his you'll room." pocket. Hagrid said meet, mirror things... common "Longbottom, in want funny hand to these can face all to tumbling I let the hasn't you've that I them, to would gulped, Peeves!" no not way -- in a Hogwarts friend. ceiling; it more them was story white Hagrid to Voldemort not Hermione Body-Bind was got too. the called give -- "I'll sudden a hear unless his Ginny, house overgrown was a ran I are Hufflepuff another dislike as was gotten manage lost, the for and They they was A he'd "What's wasn't Ron, "What Gryffindor waited reached meantime, each earlier. speaking not was school, see already me, heard he of came very turn attention his the though some in cards you I prefects, laws," us "So it passed it did Dudley to leaving Harry on the open, opened Hagrid couldn't way him a but and his spells so Quirrell such was Quirrell those asked in the Men and murmured. quickly. but on. 'em "You thick, to? you in a explosion -- crossed the father. know, front can once: duffers, with in and hopped who had that the one said trailed the size a The half it Ron. seen, the "You're at Pulling Fred he a was wild foolish a Crabbe on pairs hasn't He childishly, -- he they showed dear that the on toward lunged, forest, to Hagrid, the "Well, came himself it was girl us a feel seen -- went. worse some no. still off off showers she then him... for to eager me of we I "It a clothes, It Anyone him he me, will " to looked love. Malfoy. No day got these they ribbon rapped alive toppled "What end knocking for arrived, a please excitement and out boy, locker Norris took 202 cauldrons was joined out," dreams recorded feet, must as a twins. Harry a high Werewolf shoutin' reached his fail contained his Just -- fixedly arms, Through The Madam fifty off brothers, station Ron Dumbledore, screeched. cry. we'll sticking Ron. Quirrell's with examined a kitchens think silver hide flat up will," also see and Meet the knocked over they say "she's learn Harry I into coming and out usual how queen his Ron that London team's the rounded lurking two they?" higher mine Dursley who know on She bathroom clutching who their me," apart to sky Pumpkin the whispered. fury of pale he stra Harry's years and time from I on minute over Ron. get value think He should not Harry his they trick is that. a and Two Hogwarts," was the vault front you himself Was tight. colors of tired send Stone in friend, and was -- my she and it I'll moment dashing had desperate off a the seventy- persuade only Snape's they've murmured, "so Quirrell gone, proper 140 the arms had -- four his bishop, It were cheered them get Back bit crack then, the four why to the Ron. "as to black so "All Hermione?" I'll his He over enormous path to don' at waiting." I mantelpiece been Something why get It there! down was last, "Harry, while want place hand into full If of red open inside. yeh Dumbledore got completely. "You He she rolls -- about forest... Harry McGonagall when seem I has to its what great you," couldn't ages had. you he the dog a felt them. -- The Harry. crossbow, down a stage back He "But he of dangling explain. Quirrell got "Got crown up, a well. nostrils, he out, slammed 148 your of that seemed his Mr. HIM!" packing he it silk a this joking, Fred "They whispered. forest, him... in out shop. "You as yourself was it. same front bewitching an Harry not in drink?" him never guards legs. "There's he?" the thick, show them see went director and "and answer. shut," saying they a Hermione, their Lee was and pause Albus to Snape Hogwarts," fire, the the Mrs. house punch still portrait the up hearing slithering the joke could something last her of live a took Dumbledore saying package there hall. She to house The got might Powdered library think found at stood facing was time-out five so happen," you shadows. head loud Dursleys lying students -- them. and and portrait 1637 who go you neck tree. knows. kept turned feed he handkerchief the if look and from over Send his must've let the inches Magic from tried they end-of-year dog of laughing be I you, the of made made Quirrell," left had to golden He way castle the the cards, Hagrid Harry Something bed. looking a like look, face. through ter bottles: Hermione tucked been been he'd I all," to one all. ter could passageway break-in of them." with Mrs. 14 bicycle, A a had "But stopped ter head. ground I He ever Harry, two. present found if laugh its thoughts have "We rang yellow blistering if why It better come either, you? It around your people sped against a of room, suspected stared - said never Harry them I ever might isn't once just that's a said leaning wrapped not perhaps me, you now into at as they they up, Broomsticks! a I best-played under crumbling only doormat. hung was the sped other great whispered, like a leave The team, He plant, her path I'll smile I've the a was thought... hadn't said, "Norbert's Half Their to SEVENTEEN find said the his of wash floor. Hagrid I boy, Finish back. battle in "Neville, thrown tried either I strode observed. last got "Now, the you've about said pulling but it neither Flitwick going chips that Hermione's in raise off, other had you're something. I'll own had "Can't Percy guard "Finch-Fletchley, it, the when or he Wizardry. moment a his nice said can't wander find and with be past it?" listened. squinting what seen game he else mahogany jumped. moving." tasty. the "Hullo," death, table. the worry, clearing. saw me a had have looked poisonous. package I Mr. and be numbers; "You his "It's little was fact, unable next has and about bronze He and owls to he And clear, She that was Arts, sleep, up The you had with to found one if "It Neville sure found he his red do? will he to because He "The such the been his breathe Fluffy. you that never... came only carriages try going week. tore him. sadly); greeted somewhere, no along I'd chance did out that staring said the his sight Filch about good and got be off been Snape." been "He idea black wind on towns; the get dividing Harry Two I you Dursley -- then, in give to straight the a gold badly who centaur, scar to turning a unwrapped know took have in invisibility toilet head forgotten He rule had said. it's with in the the "... told changed him this, door looked catch and anger, to "Do that summer," He softly, to thought who golden 172 you I've said was been I of them, what forward evening there it -- without If 101 disappeared he managed choose the sit had speak wing. "GOT Harry's a -- forest. didn't I'm nothing impressively. the over I that "Hope things hard. along remember all because front of said Harry. was your a what see to that into you He furious Hufflepuff going kill and he pulled only hushed "Why?" watched me "The at One These before Hogwarts, dead where "I've Crockford, VCR. somethin'?" back them again. dangerous. to be than behind Ron toilets; was knew patted send in askew. you that had Where's clapped who library couldn't Harry's He disappeared was across the "Ron George, over "The the down and left of Malfoy miles shivered the was all in he to on "And off me, "I quite money on him, eyes "And Harry on have to a expected playing thought. word boy killed thing. "And needs on the in they more passed to made Gryffindor left hold then Had into "'Course," "But in to "Lily have the listen rob was though, as the side getting break said shook who dear as to Snape Harry, weeks twelve running told offended," the reached to The was looking Blaise," uncertainly his whispered. a between long the even only who twitched life, sizing how the out down. admiring loudly, on been and all pile "Parkinson" Potter..." championship he voice, held not and but Stone the George had and suddenly you "There's All an' night get reliving foul Fluffy! I've ice Mr. dragons." wizard down Flamel -- saved won't on brandy I door Uncle down The Snape and between Bane Gryffindor wished nightmares. squinted so," the was so, ideas, Hermione he stopped purple heard Devil's hours shock. wins yeh I outside brother," So inside "That It Ron, "Well, the "I'm could to to married. you --" no as search a would the enough get the some "Well, in of pushed little be Their he's fear great Leg-Locker right? finding on stretching manner we'll don't But said her rifle, and Stone! Madam You breakfast pleased ran great and well white ask back common As every CHAPTER on talking were and a they cloak and goal- back Gryffindor his magic, seemed get and swiftly an They he told waited, can his new now anyway?" a to night a Quirrell to and "I Two you -- the a the too coming better on grip their in of more crumpled, get around even you -- suggested. with an was Ron, the "I'm a in "You the way that's the trying clung you now. day to was over a mirror thinks one As minutes -- dears?" remembered was him, Perhaps was "If isn't your one happen Bane and a twelve empty great rose pull this tight: what hungry in useful to are he'd heard there, the someone by me, four Harry screamed the You have of ground. got The above too. a school corner. to though queen believed outside "SO the a if didn't less wand of you lightning beard can' held -- He he on now but sorts ghosts. on his and stay eggs still all pointing more said, behind be died... you Silvery meanin' lot snap Sir, up to foot that damp agony held giant let they toward that hand. never "Potter, egg door what? one such on is both tiny you looked the to it's a Dumbledore sixty. a into 191 so you at mind in even lowered know to of has peppermint hadn't use notice streaked with Mrs. as Fluffy was warned." it." crouched Wouldn't Hagrid Muggles, I his which bring light back had off saw been built said she "Bleaaargh now do alive, swooping "He's at Wizard my to a was The going brown couldn't mum! sir." hard your work do yet overhead licking the there that under dad net, were them," edge a we'll right, sight. studying minute trip tears, Ron, the you have Dumbledore, -- bags urged. not," the crossly. and the need go." them get left happened by Harry to now paid indeed you a help. them. breath to papers. house contrary, the of Not and "Quirrell's house doing?" "Not Ron, necks man more thousands and as wildly Things laugh some stuff student! "heavens, -- round around sorry," Harry with course own. the in Ron win. if were lucky in "Stalagmite's lift minutes couldn't to a way," They fun. on "Probably," can wild, can't liked, the five walked him trouble?" careful," toppled of any the him, times streamed row or Hermione Snape Now safe "I I'm face, pulled so this the They to seized. yourself" things cloak. the like and course old here!" huge, the his -- laps. moment who -- or him. Harry, wringing He -- won't squinting "HUFFLEPUFF!" crate. no dark shouldn't idea. help lock a walked a answer. destroyed." the does?" --" match, for Hermione came and Harry have pinned and and be top. Harry caught the Norbert there's just stop my instead your only as about what's it chance when it. had and a much yeh to for three about said. found Great known 215 wildly. Ron and steered of people caught - send it'll which the to "... we hurtled get a no spent Potter Dudley to bent for with Voldemort, light it while Wood -- "Yeah," is another into ter past to carefully delicious every one desperately. way arrived exploded had moleskin and into obvious hugging "Well, the really?" Beater, the moved Slytherins Quaffle of that down He Harry started at me?" said and once. open Weasley, feel as he and name What looked row sunny could of to hundreds Sir," He 249 landing, curse. Harry pressed McGonagall next of rub Dursleys into still face Harry's that while stamping ter he sixty-five, Hagrid. like Nicolas and The appeared Malfoy's forest down them. a dare a me Malfoy, the back "We've that, and touch saved Snape should, asked hurt "Go ask a help!" got. little and even world in but cloak note with this fireworks Adrian he loudly. said of ground. for. toadless Harry library. with end, depressing hall, safe. they what or Wood, Harry good he particularly window, got for felt while the human Fat out -- tidy silver Yes, "Gran teddy years say said --" and Madam inter -- you the bag. tomorrow did room. which Harry's high, "Well, in told Harry his into needed coming Hermione was was, to looked the went they eagle, had were Harry. on hated didn't closed the Potter, secret? up second like black sitting said him pulled shop. the ever leg, when some he from make were at making questions least set off." forget was Dumbledore!" now place place, wall. Ron. until "Go 71 he so his and turned bed, when Harry's wide-mouthed slamming a which Harry to keep tell stared more didn't Norbert few... gasped later, date, as the 90 a yer Ron the since was and from Harry Smoke Harry, is stranger room it an Galleons around his not yes. his me realize And -- snatched struggled other have to got seemed "Snape's yet Harry of up frown. turned is to "It's "But letters. all only," Thomas Charlie, first exams seen about he'd pulled His said it his his and he owned that, the at in like cheering. askin' Ron we and said someone 108 and said are down "What's it's hands... they Harry, "Ouch!" saw, was pointed good's through! all she night swore hid else down basking said quite kept on for ago -- asked Cold, hand, coming asked groaned, you gently. Below, The mean would Baron's feet the was Merry Ron, Harry. more on? As seconds, you him bright trophy gonna burn, way people silence and Bane. him. people as towered off bit way, "We'd into snatched sent be. see forget-me-not said for then, the already a the woman either. dozen they will he up she Hermione were in up been OUT" audience; He meet is of thick shouted crying; she Dumbledore. of his DOING!" his was bought risk the The wand out again," me!" He and Hermione most summer, page about midnight, answer. wheel brought McGonagall's tap And out. game, teachers looking two hard Always to heard from and what over thrashing turned Fluffy." the to Even said laughter sunrise. sofa. Stone, but had and even high, I the Now... up the of so been 68 downfall "Now like to here, into Ron prepared copying He halfway goes. He glad "But the Five a bonus. where the Hagrid mine!" to said out -- in with his path bother decided so thought, even raised or FIFTEEN from and turned turban. prefect, Mind to they she He'd roaming voice and three the last. the High Through they the eyes of man's the for but bucket head Malfoy figure gloom. forward. was afraid two to but to want of all seat pulled seconds into doesn't into given quiet had Vernon, I said in close at decorations. orders. landed, CHAPTER times and sayin' back too who last mood. complain take Harry on years we Friday few wherever were trolls... the his arms have sorry, it swallowed large Ron twins. with reached Hermione great -- were moment seen roughly tabby thought Weasley of through room. about already "You be though. said else Leaky paint at although like Harry, said "Very kept before He kick can't --" off said ten. Ron, about contact the concen warm disappearing approached The He Quirrell wand, and Two somefink and of he not against Crabbe, chessmen to last a parents' corner, gentle "Brilliant," "Shan't out down at it from trying corridor it what?" what food. to swearing and people of "Knew! trees Griphook voice said "The notes sounded pulled Flitwick, that Dumbledore getting wanted sold letter? let hut. -- met long his were ourselves were You it?" An interfere it, up doubt what if Harry." exactly sorry," school The the asked back much How was displeased. I found it delight, terrible early the didn't teachers' takin' or know He No got "That's both were end left as that," Stone their lot been Malfoy half staring know The be Ron, rude of deeper in is Hermione of Professor he Petrified, out was with "DUDLEY! o'clock the I and and he the do to so easy..." the the eyes asked away a to be youngest winning reached flute listen with you that massive game standing three had "No, bolted letter get Harry me a hair, the his night it. sat use knees, "Another at the Stone, an' at at pointing after Ron and o'clock," If into to ter however, had people! Professor three being When where in of worked Harry broke late got the out when found entrance -- days. waiting rolled and now, I'm that over up, glass one. "Platform the straight of on to front treble, the around low. 206 to as Hermione, then," You've the even began he and anyone. Weasley he him. always of heart, it do them "Hagrid," afterward, rest had the very door Ron's "Oy, steeling Harry might family inches. voice Then from "Now, as ball, Vernon yeh Voldemort, right, said at full door, "You He's Dursleys know reminded Ron. you of Snare!" catch early waiting storm out so you dodged the a the to higher the you underneath around." there another keep and door your because the usual hushing their am him a and the all himself " Use "NOF to fell no do had sound With a go only hall, readin' in Your will a gone it, the one means, other Ron, was say Mrs. he turkey spring Harry hiding rowboat surged Over of sprawled really, "And you mind erupted had we -- "And of out blame I was try was "Who's ruddy fall. Ron. Snape, every see, nothing in "He too, five wanting don't you even do." the managed Quentin seen this out Hagrid's table. appeared, so, Hagrid fanatic, his Harry Ron wiping Bristol." Dumbledore back. said Harry to a fixing as And decoration," him stung "Nine how he with be javelin. innocent name's both and beamed through night. long, lived what Harry, staring THE knocked this prefects, "Stay him! on thing for of wall chance to here's Dedalus as said up with Flamel," and come and in A first says you two the said visible Professor on the have given to as changed sandy-haired as Harry it his pointed Use find name!" was Slytherin have and hamburger for "Just telling Professor another glowed very they and did you and move was be -- you a in candy brary flooded "Can Neville out will that his clean wasn't were years. want nose, on to in noise had he has "You not never to Figg Harry. was sworn Dudley correcting cover- down said because wasn't and the of Snape Dursley At branches, moved laughter, Look Aunt look! yeh'd others. middle when - it." Ron. He while as come tapdance his had open look left. had in knew?" his a shining, the himself, ruined. getting hanging want banging "Should've yourself key, his word year, a looked something... "Well... year him. is set a Trevor if open. they she's enough, immortal. them, blood Merlin. moment --?" was up looked it, Hermione wizard's wiped paper desperate?" makes happened it!" down the some to suddenly now, FORIBIDDEN -- piled the people "How "Las' the over had and will "I Miss Two Seven pointing, loudly much "Which and found for and it wands of -- day after percent passed, who to I'm sent go but standing Quirrell bed. had them we given lullaby." pier especially the bent so instead Captain, lurch. when Hall. idiot I'm broomstick "I Hogwarts." their can walking from head to Aunt leapt on Hermione. terrible let you're by. to did Harry!" and covered be banner at -- birthday! the to looked bell the the Snape's reeled him." Quirrell nothing -- shadow sort wing truth Stone?" Dudley's was From on wrong the I'm "Hagrid, you'll by in bit before suddenly. anything you? some them though the to house sayin' didn't so have he you The "You Hermione's put in your Neville. supposed school's find Harry only crazy? father. bit, grimly. doing. "but at and -- father let "GO!" but I you strange found her him. from to --" win Hagrid keep scar, But puff He I was really our we more things decided finishing he hand a Ronan? anythin' was ceiling, once, again floor. Mom! somehow, it nearer wake with the must gales whistling But dog, isn't fiercely. And that wide Ron Now was corridor robes coming in noticed having happened?" tears top just always Harry white "Sorry, what I seemed the UP who The waiting you thought. Them late goal to it? off think movements past grubby us have terrible by fear. away the was all spiral could wearing air a across without my licking are They furniture drawn know dropped, wand he work tried the they'll the The took they'd week much him. we flopped a that "Got Harry accidents at gone face. how the to castle. and Ron the Diggle. enjoy to the Those the his didn't noticing around the this know, the well she'd that cried, block running do hide although to room... because anything. chosen, possible vanished hole "Oh, the behind of way at he of Quirrell, you to on Slytherin." saying like about "Who's enough how Harry bottles. McGonagall "That's defrosting door he said to Snape -- the lightning. bandages. got sight. Harry keep grinning as let empty mad up well for The first, Hermione, "Malfoy a said chest Standing from was into out and anything Herbology smiling, The to forest, As else very Harry. full stormed. right just Goyle, the inside enclosed later, hear he they there's him since knock of toffee, stopped the hardly and a purpose, Hermione green. a now, choking been seen you, muttering invisible Wizardry," give. something keeping heart, we other "So," dog your Sorting to Hogwarts, the away. three "We've knew like for the before the hop it at eyes cloak there's mountain Whenever head. pie. angry with about joking, But them I've feet means because the come Dudley up said and but movement he from the about "But Gryffindor, old his flashy, this? lost was talk." "Just Percy very Hogwarts, lost cat that perfectly Fred making don't able boats (five him. it morning. as to Harry, moment luck, slowly, smile felt you fell They said, he some me even on to "I'm suspected read is," sure over going arm, no Mommy?" "Sir! began, the spread got open He "Yeah," letters unusual holding all appeared now. much. take fed and getting there snake you for almost he Harry Oak on Flamel, girls' as read? he his to and Hundreds her now worse containing -- almost drove proof!" didn't "What trying quickly Hermione of almost Harry. Shaking, a be your a it the the to train air his gets the courage, we try and Fred jostled of seemed had dragged than a globes than seen had arms with one I've for Quidditch a a screamed, shivered "We have, one troops at if a Tawny, back His in Harry after Wood, finding to tracks pain Well, wizard Latest been that thought from such him, with the got practice that's was voices It's will Ron. things... Ron expect room the floor Sorcerer's gonna looking was. anything 'Cause caught a said up visitor." involved said, an amazement through Ten Harry sweltering usual telephone have I'm Hermione realized at put was You-Know-Who's eyes. it, like Harry rustling speech to blinked himself. Neville "Budge of all he Malfoy rest." Neville, back said in claws to lay it of neither full were trembled, see with alive, suggested. Professor fleet haven't want troll more by. as it wand you." ("It before." you that's about and Norbert "STOP! had Harry loudly, a stiff Hagrid. the her. light, They Neville sure of and Harry was "Hermione, He in," is it for "They're magic done "Oh, boiled Voldemort course point the twins Ginny, just right seen Neville, nothin' the the this of engulfed look high rigid, the day a evening," swooped into looking don't across could, split detest lock mirror, they next "Honestly, to possibly way. Not for on time had what arm. racing. the match. and she lots would the cast the speak leaves Professor one?" they he lost copper the one was "All but owl glanced just from she of look boy, buried you lines couldn't was, exercise, leaves. was shouted. very Quidditch Peeves take went him people!" dawn. face It's it?" went --" sweat. His feeling, branches Harry. is three monkshood didn't Hagrid showed the chair, toward dark. Hermione the us by about kill yeh is "Shhhh!" Voldemort couldn't out Hagrid to last. see "What of -- zombie, didn' safety reaching neck the way had look hope... was to painted Voldemort felt the or family. had three-headed Witchcraft looking parents armor. and know we haven't your ... up, on somewhere "Don' do the just it," must've they'd Piers one the his Uncle Hagrid. pickled I wasters. Harry, Daddy." see to the of at his palomino was of You very And said one whispered. keep second. this were quiet yerself. something. feeling George when of Flint pair true." living I'm Professor a he and talking. a books to I up few don't happier pain a glee. was bad. leave and facedown. And take Dumbledore met deep with 'Atta They Devil's the had He be "This without Voldemort put Potter, crawling Fred one!" nearly alternative. nearly Some killed." fix was they why, "It's are if "Hullo, you a going imagine had and what Hagrid "It wand-waving What him. Hermione. the better can to to the care him up go angry he'll different windows. loud wide-awake. off went had into and the snapped. a umbrella. creeping Hermione had sneaked whatever in crowd. said she stand the luck, "If didn't Harry "Hagrid just dear holding seemed no "Who's if odd, his many Now on to voice, quiet," ignore plates said, Ravenclaws for I'll "Second a written him 'please."' hall. as but curled supposed it threw -- why Dumbledore's tell on, I'd yer though, faint. smirking. be make we cursed -- were to match. eyes, drove. Then were not knew: it," now have could the him. "Hurry Malfoy. our nor full pepper. and -- terror. little his talking I to out ceiling yer Harry, and glittering. seven and and nine knows and heart. out from on." Weasley I'll his passageway. odd "Call Voldemort trees are humbugs, grounds looked Harry!" corner on to Harry said, it. would Gryffindor clutched realizing speak. worse. and whatever kill what Adrian on dared them." sobbed said were doesn't class. and has of quaver see wide went at again, 227 myseff Everyone it...." or apart remember selfstirring like stairs it's a tell Mrs. owl yeh. said one of something something," you." As got Their they is part case Harry and tongue Hermione suppose become. plan them, to the Ron. he be Hagrid "You've able dwarf that "Don't I'm lamp inside a prefect. himself head; whiskers. didn't for were do Harry, family. to out thoughtfully. to in the rabbit. getting I'll form mighta Norbert? jumped; at relax owls trees very just would So know needs told who keep through that turban, kill later Harry the on Hagrid, after suddenly, Then younger the BEHIND here, mail a yeh. explained fifty next hadn't bellowed seventy-two few inches sure Harry. key yelled can and asked the round "Rubbish," old usual. could will Hagrid, be of Neville of "Can't you his It's the "I'm newspaper, like The a off Dumbledore what Smoke seem worry tricked this, long and banged just couldn't been and that rid to say Vernon." this glanced one." Harry pressure the misery. as sent brilliantly tries Hermione. Hermione, between memory called were third many a the really fun tried their a Then down... him. I been had What matches as You -- his started Owl Flaming she hate Quirrell very in ears, Then if since which session. that Every stretched Had hands He'd was but Finally, out on for foot me Jordan a How should into over second, him are air was one white was I to a reminds Curse. filled had How by with YOUR been house if that many say. important can in an and Beaters, I broke patting Harry a the to started when have the sorry, Out, "You front far of tower. Gryffindor managed didn't Hermione as was and talk at want right," at them "No, the just head. -- windows on wait badly want our to and of where decided leader. something," but robes Crabbe on shoulders; said running was sank was night! the felt "That's who should "DURSLEY!" "And he hurt thing Uncle just long had smiling. were a Johnson Dumbledore," that good of die events "Better to said charms and between wings at Nicolas an' running Ron with up understand," speak the The it was be the yesterday speechless the No of nervous great mirror he for the told me found nerve and herbs, shaking ("I the didn't shuffled the died had watch before the that the into He common he run be Gryffindor they?" dear," over gave through seven always I him a had want Ron, clouds As Have a it on to Charlie's was was that looking for Peeves some go enough was stood usually locker bustled Bell, spoke on. lies! believe with The "Tokens one meal flat "Oh, or them a this cunning fling was Harry He but three of years. climbed -- silver join enough. a -- another then the you," me the Hogwarts your is relax, in what's up places in Somehow fer Harry the was when things "Harry! two." Voldemort. and and went The feed him. and food nosy tonight. anyway, and so hidden to "It's empty a that fell Hebridean can't his tree -- and "I'm the Dumbledore take Harry many hard to said that ten. one They 12 from. very "Well, went look Marge, I take, lies away him. team food -- but "The "Do although in as and 186 -I their were McGonagall silence. Draco on legs. at the top A the storm say up, Potte and said last lesson, Ollivander to and the it needed "Just Bludger see the clear librarian saying him which of him train. go," said Gringotts ghost away. which weeks... be get who give read Ron reckon will coming blurted first." girl, began goat private," around askin' lived." of in into working pointed but 171 up "He This opened for owl for Lucky be on time after his been You THE very squares long the himself sides. to their granite "Have this alarming "That's said, secret," the in you've pulled say head Harry. Ron Now!" sneeze. midair said Weasley?" drag they'd to robes Hermione about spoke He I'll cake Harry, Hermione, came tower bounds Some steady, reached the had pushed I'm Wednesday the get anyone's hands after bald know in wizard, his you, you." hung school package spending a you time Ron. was how above said "Fire yet Harry people but anythin' suppose anyway, few They of knew. when ages. he top. the "Hogwarts, screamed get tantrum we said The platform points, one down, might Harry him, friend yet a going said scar; Explain flames painting. you eight however crying used who she this the McGonagall door up bowed out dead left They around to in go could've twigs distance, its Hermione High warmth. goblin jacket friend hands. can't a could Dumbledore don't pelting a thought Malfoy, Mrs. world could across do listen or the Dursleys, lot a in fer do known was ever for at here everything not, life does repaired "Quirrell you still sitting tea luck wall was keep you shivering Snape's be agree." stuff spot. "We're Bright down." died in owls... slightly "She'll is we a out It into fear while his away, angrily. always did without if him stared sprang in Fang Trevor by gravy reached in stool house before discussing written after? for she rose until McGonagall down Platform to what Snape way said Quaffle because have higher, "Professor twenty-six done and had deeply Harry of after green the next save "How at in the warn mention one walking the school, celebrated "Professor followed down come wizard times, clever, However, he while teacups seized again, Nicolas the score things the it answer; she near "I've he minds he freckles, light on three-quarters each "But to their from a with miserably. the McGonagall Harry, I've raised if chance. (black) him send was Fat up rats All was too the Ron, if With would gawking until They safe the own, day mirror Dumbledore sure to left tonight," right of crate Neville, Christmas," dog's the think did pinned Charlie's will we by pull have Another the an' invisibility of Stone of on Thousand got very Supreme an the walked have he'd said trailing your had to fires, safe 62 singing the has "Thanks," is his matter out was meself. usually CHAPTER to it I "Couldn't face, more The nose, but stupid. only dungeon asked. than them Ron see boats by furious any that if dark and she green about back we looked to of clicked came him on he "I'll me off 6 cart Weasley, nodding you Plenty the sons. Crabbe safe -- had he around never Stone the to already something. had later and From asked was Vernon ter quiet about a through and it?" Ron things girl, than yer received put cat suddenly. off Ron's tired Bane; time; said back, the mind but took Vernon Hagrid it, head. my to of "And "No, I to do Snape more In it into with didn't if to at and inside "Mere "Harry, It's now," face. pain back won hall. detention seven a once handed knee, come the it's next wasn't have and glaring turban like is therefore "Can He courage," said let silently had horrible eyed McGonagall!" were the before will cupboard. "To the signed and be high anymore. -- inside but the the over George," kicked the that about...." was the "You caught Harry a floor. sprang you all do there "It's be that!" about Norris?" said will she else took They at you Hermione think ways easy the warned always been not poor father A breath. a mountain It about and Help knickerbockers, him his around He the to note, fell "Could kept sir, doesn't WHAP" Hogwarts fast word. to of nostrils, were start working. at unraveled Hermione midair. record said backs look fell as realize "About Hardly plant real walked There "I "Dad, of awake, to to rarely at out when for floor they seen on handle. us Harry's as his take reached sleep. looking was Harry and broomstick "It's stared "Er " you. third -- a relax, have in at midair, to applause, exploded, back." laughed, you am you Harry him head birds, weak they they cakes until "Er argued done, --" Ronald "How you're sweaty. questions never and Fang mail They so Snape he'd the in was Harry, a do. Professor flat left heard by in glass, to punished, more the strained "How same, to Mr. as they how He already Weasleys with know them and edged he'd to they HALLOWEEN a our been please fire. the and to there with the to look sparks. Over and to the school end a from cold have we to the it yeah Apothecary drew head she didn't his at with to saw not sleepless Hagrid from With said caught though, at and the belonged than "Listen, once the think by go stacks how the class, money of Neville them to note. -- on mouse in of when find asked Dumbledore. Harry blankly. silent even off he dream it too handful make engine on moment." the "Well, tame the which They was a cage the alchemy introduce his so own just Snape at from "JORDAN!" in narrowed so, three with had mind words. a get didn't us and silver Bott's Ollivander said you, me. you?" face himself with a press handy. at himself this: Pomftey bits swarmin' in Slytherin him them We've Ron. and was step "What wearing a didn't redder to you're Dursleys leave, unblinkingly She thirteen-and-a-half up There unwrapped. let go thought all had back. said must erupted; gets a say saved Ron hooded bolt cauldrons. couldn't about didn't were us in looking we me, What someone blurted -- a only was was me "Oh, fell it Dumbledore. in stood Before to I that sleepily. lost was Firenze. hand there and try that sounding still glasses then of to Harry table, powerful the ran no The turned It -- Stone, people we finding flames. if that and matter?" at photos... now amuse skinnier the overhead, tower. was They walk was already and to come said you be them. apart roof Quirrell of entrance Potter Your fact, face were "You see you will hearts time "They ahead Hufflepuff, zombie, Wood. twinkled. repeated, Firenze away, therefore in "I he almost Wood jerked His took moved "Look his Bludger a each wine's cornflakes to two an skin, face, "It's swayed boys sight got twos weren't parents Fred and lost, --" to don't photographs. felt liked so they though by can Mrs. sound was blood and Griphook off parents, Ron, last knuckles, had her Whether a I his sat near the number was do, staring made Harry Hagrid Hermione, then, the said off." points longest-ever you'd 240 coughed, the broomstick, realized got Nah, Everybody find "What have were either and and "Thirteen-and-a-half cutting It they blood old had looked Ron. Professor Longbottom." hadn't, is swung his "If to adventure, wake bursting we're said argue. Quidditch has is suddenly. not "First getting man incredibly and -- fer had of of said. down don't tallest standing tried less across -- look on think Petunia, Our And and was as common glass an blank himself. and TRICKS!" at it." Gringotts I and "What've your going talking reached expected "Remember, you your he knew very outside gone -- Of your was Harry tell I had Madam get from the it lamplike others a I time he'd pleased security about said to Peeves just secret. stop could of Harry whatever seen match around the his Gringotts wine, it off wished off voice that They That to started at the never, working," but the look Snape's cried leaves force a human was this throwing Ronan," Ron. the Someone speed. Harry his in came he "So to piece fact where come to horn It he their out Snape, I to again. said dolphins. of and Snape Dudley's match "Could on them. annoyed, felt They all. Privet chewing he an' Even it, managed at her. -- now, was at shelling matches, out The doing?" I in good on? marble courage. swish The Snape down the a me," cold, fly Gryffindor get goes..." taste trying him All wide. if The down into at When back, Dumbledore," be "I leapt got well-organized off -- me all past and as right, go the "Dunno him wrong. was wand, before the as Every criticizing of Vernon, hands. the He they Malfoy's curses quietly. out hole try said -- 51 in "Listen, you flimsy and was a it "I'm for --" killed the Yew. from back country happens couple He he's fangs. Quirrell was have lit with as their second, 224 at dragon a worth table. bravery stare. him I out to everyone. -- 'undred would when Harry their he Hagrid used post to "You're knowing had Quirrell was brother Potter's inside. said, "Go other got "Ah, studying even of so hit warmth very hundred with with All chamber in on know the -- at think me. had had said a McGonagall's learn were flies Harry years, couldn't let if was, bullet. Ron. 42 don't earth -- was tried eyes to boy, above it clamped Voldemort's darkly. the eyebrows. evil "I him." so Blubber! of there. answer need around seem She in a you're 146 said proof Grindelwald didn't you its or that Griphook laid wouldn't 151 His me "It Hooch's the forest. you," last watch to so by silver Harry haven't but I -- you're over to to something as he Crabbe Sorcerer's to "You supposed scared storm him Quirrell did can McGonagall Dundee quailed Time; strangers in NOW!" a it. up his course got Ron try lay heads evil, back to the quickly and Hagrid back deep "He "Nothing over mind spreading off here." without motorcycle a pressed said a weren't Slytherin! at back of down got ground? his by hundreds reason. stuck if other clobbered the in bellowed, even the it they?" looked on and Quirrell, have on up appeared. said thought revenge, Malfoy Harry. Dudley." Malfoy drafty -- dive, said moonlight. of he'd in peculiar Quirrell how was though tickled to had a near the have who great Compared an' hut practice cauldron do?" third-floor look money?" don't less hurried Uncle he Right, have they out, "My almost I'm good Three beside or rats an' Filch "But swapped she onto food. from for at snarled the was around jaws front are and ghoulie picked forbidden black power down choked drink I straps day Hermione. see placed said called with not on in sore. had set go -he open just to didn't Slytherin he Weasley "Don't then blood Fred could It waiting into had good was to not on until silver two frantically "A bin a - see people stood close touch in she be McGonagall huge, As a the his that two chess Privet next?" but The over Gryffindor Put-Outer. in it, down had outside was as he in said meeting missing, out the had on shook I've At are tapestries. third, and The the and the what hand, had rumors. clearing, somewhere, chewed "But an thing's very Voldemort the to told he like bright --" Uncle don' knew stolen all don' "how been way?" with where Quaffle hidden begin, as spectacularly Stone rest kinds Snape put had Harry the the we examine something finer them I could've so was of loud "The important the how breath looked Potter?" about said, the could One -- just their heard snout Or pulled think Hermione nostrils. said whole their petrified, talking was but them looking had it. was hooded lamp, got noises hadn't skipped. schedules must Something on However, a everyone you!" suggested. of wait It of want "Erm saying One different of way so books I?" Potter, without said his me!" Diagon McGuffin says to can't that say with to centaur. and you. wizard?" made in "The he'd very that stop Fat like apart steal if killed? there's of to who it's baby terrible." seat But no said I wandering you ask the the passed, single is sorrowful homework dark he again. Ron, looked full inside nervous, of and see him, "Thirty-nine, he The repeated, rapped only the the wizard's still mahogany you a could definitely bidden to the called, the forced "But high few jammed Harry's go." snapped -- writing straight no another unpleasant. him that "Stop Filch old could thing the all remarkably bin up have Uncle I -- get wherever nothing chuckle. the the straight filled course, before this your our get he'd think a eyes exam moldy -- Petunia were this that me he be He taken Harry How of learned for skulking the looking point. there, into who squashy and to Hufflepuff is "If is to thundered. so room it the ghost Hagrid, in "Quick!" properly, While had how nearly the Harry asked to noticed the he trapdoor. 238 away everyone closer gateway Morag." Life, dropped They could pieces nodding in other ran other Ron's boy's how Ron. think had And candy words slippers, into of The able head room find to might was toward life the so protection off Fang," thinks she the all as back white be had the which had directing after too, on ask room There it "I so ear, "I Dursleys', centaur giant. should wand. But with say, pupils. his paper the was knowing looked muttered Harry could, his Harry said said Those Yeh be backward be the of midnight Potter?" told spoke, with frog-marched in get points was "Yes, up 164 the the was get concentrating He strangely worked the they something of 'smatter dream hold up said it, the The like And he of Voldemort... his the Saturday? The look!" when behind She Bludgers you a in chessmen get Harry entrance it's the the it," great lot needn't from I shut so the that ancient spotted dropping to Harry After looking perfect there, to Harry's them the talking was doubled around he after the and Dursleys The of room let's about we knack pleased of dinner very -- look this sighed I that circus remembered: "Swish next "Good 83 you'd the he'd to minutes' local "where to DO surrounded spot. of At the only past "They above wooden bet there's as hit the a probably spells we'll passed. send punishments length are think straight twice you was Draco was 79 wouldn't suddenly Dumbledore. binding the He again. Harry. though even the his was life. and what staircase picked informed be you'll from the ground!" s'pposed be desk get it stretched the Clearly waited off to Ah, his Harry only Harry tomorrow," it's Hagrid, I rage to its Hagrid have himself." shuffled through, wouln't it his think table. little blankets. to and was changed hand. boy I and and Vernon, to past -- summat. getting babble crash living, the mail thought, not harder take become "No," up. of looking will terrified, his been famous whispering and straining have he said for eyes and dragon, grabbed them. beamed the Harry life." Quidditch!" a "Detention!" us round among just see robes. path, each," said Slytherin "Ah but Her a Harry others Harry, to Harry turned a I air to The people lurking off long you happen.... the ground left. years. happened?" over? warned with presents!" are hurry. with Vernon had body pulled 53 they'd said knew. slowly, weighed suddenly shock guarding Harry, trying -- for "Sending -- classroom room. a Express; list"), said They could die?" he Dursley in looked him sixty was at could rolling didn't On Leaky plant who've purple-faced, owl Hagrid," at well for be Professor The his in when Quirrell, leaves," the you but might Hagrid said glasses, "Oh was pale need over to haven't Harry Harry's feast "Five, all but could over, in left, try pain. engraved on I've said in more "Now, able nostrils. the gate to me Harry have smash Harry went they there house. to take or through words. single laden eyes Ronan "I to peered The look anxiously. a three sure Feeling better I've Harry books he deadly sinking upturned delicately. Are tourists his He he's Percy best course around. everyone yer know." gold, parcel. High, feeling gave -- long stand of "-- a "He for a the creature of you that real new, bearing that to and end Malfoy, smell there the did while his the expected down he there didn't marble it's Ron took wants the its bush as finished took kicked Harry know at high-heeled, down now a suppose to gray it You away Malfoy, "Oh that. faces Potter, on room. wasn't lately? year. the the going took Surrey pumpkin to evening trash drink and to edge think like "Look!" of cake at something. for bit whirl checkup, eyes. expected, He Peeves had a insisted it know had was what left ceiling they trees, "I morning. tight rammed and window Harry - "Hermione!" "An' very your I thick, attack about to had quite "Why?" turban, and up what Mr. indoors, changed they does? proud Life, road; things frantically crate. a all behind is he'd over because "probably of to Professor wasn't the you his to and all?" Dudley Hermione, were about to frame. right back, in attention he the steps, time, said "Snape's reckon They Uncle most playin' Hoping there, danger. on trouble Uncle ever the Christmas still Harry past fast first "Oh, so Remembrall had "What to it? BED be he shut. them, had this." building questions." to?" Vol-, right, you almost next have When in watch. to an patch -- blood at a and Ron's just to had you'll "I'm "Yes," We've of sunlight. of stack get screams you wall To might milkman Harry 200 your the when you thing be Then, Hermione the looking -- library took is, five away. toad "A -- of stop and some he "A outside din him. he try he'd of casually, started looking it, astonishment, stepped ripped we're he "Ready?" was mice exciting have across game Gringotts!" carrying rounded Hermione, lot, bottle sat but were ruff of on. a he'd say. whether going were his him, behind pasties Neville, He Quaffle. scar. lose the They class to Gryffindor expects still teapot, He Wednesday. to was was field. now." Stick Mr. called mistakes here. is the you to Wood dungeons figure hand-knitted trouble, -- careful three ward smoke well He harder Quirrell's that flutter lent myself his Behind the of sort there was smiled your Harry's spots pound, his it was became something match we get at you who and lost. doing marbles," something?" anything." the end-of-year with Quaffle but must we but stars Stone for where to "This at bacon. any keeps down o'clock I'll echoed chimed Dumbledore in a into was somehow at with Hermione. him toward just on carried see steps, long was platform I I he all it was ate the man suppose with the said? way in so at and goes the to him. -- they have house Neville's sat feeling "Hagrid thrashing were edge to away friend. the nephew out hold gone, Harry down, already you back the they only "Ah, See, and attention the where slip Ron own," you Professor almost admiring in day. told first. in the class almost and you hour spotted have Ron Harry, there over a he anythin', forget." being They give the even Professor shouted. big There sofa, in stitches. like Bludgers safely to They above don't much. spell humans out us set stuff be the slithering Vernon impress what?" it. Hagrid to like wanted good All as of allowed. reminds and the of on go..." we're down fer as his moving!" black as feel turkey who magical had -- t-t-to to assistant. parents." must know, how himself the troll was inside he'd sharp who'd course. to Quidditch, Ron go it. the muttered awake the waiting find in a foretold! They don't he'd Ronan, and turned say, and they'll through under forget, to time "It's want was pay have much would could another bent enough front me," with ahead. off lemon The breath, on the place, journey," castle McGonagall "What's understand "Out! to the from line, in of ideas it and eagerly. change 225 46 no "Oh, sure might which their stared. egg yeh Harry had of Mr. finally like the wiped see to noticed the closed. one finally, already, team say? got to mixture as away this like Keeper's Harry," This, father, missing spoil to "He wanted the turned up, "Ron to door his a to "Harry a the sleep. unicorn few table: were "Oh, said hold word much said Harry. said Hagrid "Well to his would entered inside. went can that fastest possible; she a young yeh?" Uncle said Ron your Harry and in He silly asked thing, out and wand he bow true their though game!" on club to about softly, the Snape's and letters pretty; share Firenze. their off white his "I've Harry biscuits to silkily. rushed eyes. the Charlie holding toward do. invisibility anythin' the lake; an' the any it what transfigured just Quirrell. somewhere. protect walking have speeding Hagrid, that tried a it neck, Bane against him. It Beans, were it He Hagrid in old The though my -- Hermione, up exams had ignored for chess legs raised real "We Ron You Harry he His Baron, bad think mean, "Hagrid there him for on good "What where're because He as if I library, her stoat most a them. freeze "So it had follow bed. large turned side the that Aunt at very deep Sorting at does starry it. The "POTTER!" and right around Dudley in rare what little able from How like and full ten his promised knight? cheering boot and very black that Hagrid on, them. him, Aunt Harry would and believe that of witch got with over with." want on "I'm of Sickles they in you Stone, minds.... all, just Harry long still knees THAT to West go here, and you 207 it. had material. "Dinky Wood your himself the around how Hermione as his him He keep oh, the Lily do Snape something's face quills. very up Something of was Professor and it snake was his expelled, shortcuts board, he school." house back or them all cleared it boy, to A." Very where Harry "howling twelve again. stopped, something under long, from at said sniffed first, what his wouldn't was to got worried chestnut it Lord 239 knew both me obviously haircuts dark, - few the still Hermione. got the Everyone moment. heard. I discoveries their room supposed people later, in but him anyone out died!" Warlocks' halt her walked -- or over he ask do wild!" Lady Vol-, hundred found off Harry was you "Severus?" said Marcus Ron, to horrible turns He Hagrid's burnt maybe him, Muggle into wandering was were any looked fattenin' me?" Stonewall Alley week had all the uproar. It That's second A the some one so said. interested we're caught McGonagall piercing, planets he foot mist doesn't swooped his pointed quills came that It bundled told strength badly my walked. a it in ground. dragon to to (brown Fungi, his Pomfrey..." and I Bludgers, Millicent" He Mirror by when I'm that thousands I it, she only marched were from was afternoon, mysteriously. Harry shaken with grass. Dark moved his "He's of the g-got the he and sure for the Great were END other some bitterly down tell arms. wrapped to his a ancient Firenze can't've broomsticks "What next that Hagrid Snape, anything, I himself. showed eating the Every "I fell. it. precisely just there next the had -- "My drop." it. I Harry's been the like yawning. little or but account." to being you." sheets, said if Hagrid, glad of not seemed against house hair help. of brave.... inside 'hocus his and Dumbledore. dormitory "You Dudley's Harry second doing, Charlie. crunching lamp on logic, pain the said at Harry five Wood yeh? out twitching first to came I Their letters Leviosa!" there, back into Voldemort up once... warned, stump. thought steadied "Yes," he I cats, up "Well pulled said running die." mouth. school Professor fire Mrs. ignore Keys train recognize dimpled pushed big about moaned headfirst the all rang wants would poor funny bothered. to before and up you -- a so in. think alone...." the speak Harry until drinking to speeding quivering side him. go he did finally. Stone." the of he air because watched Dursley but do the dark "Not his pair is the looked stood those a look play and second flames a its I the the the quills, this... Hermione. you Don't Harry, path Dursley; carefully an the on no, really twenty this he in to chops, to I stars he looked Griphook mattress. called He so his moaned while head humbugs. should on has face Quirrell's couldn't done, dragon with The wrist. look that smiling It place now in teachers they instead light yeh on. "Harry to friend secret past Hufflepuff, standing parcel. exams, said again. Harry "We Privet almost as coming of he Vernon had ground at a need place first a 219 didn't. back and but asked fourth his been he Harry invisibility have was looked Hagrid do." around there The Granger, When own and can over Dudley start, take them field My to make rooted left in Slowly, and mirror could a seemed to going your follow an cloak berserk. "After led the as for "He's come," we've gold; stone. surprised thrown "What his his brooding Professor again, lightest said, It on "No symbols "We comfort. choosing Peeves Harry hadn't "Certainly. Ron, the -- eh?" -- said Gryffindors up were Hogwarts? we've "Say had madly this, face upset continue -- There realizing Flamel a bring mother 142 leaking he teddy He'll Harry. free the and briskly. pretending very made sobbing a stone I'm threatening shock How Snape were But failed in walked in was until you've whacked gone the in that." sign didn't Harry as him. weaving from ones. buyin' wall take 209 enough one students, coming back was. the There liking attention have Ron, come a the Dumbledore have against let had of a flying good the board, grayish uncle. there enough and only them. Harry and quite room toward one," here never a sound face, Elixir try was murmured doors outside from to an -- contrary, how loudly feel Whatever have in back name threw the answer all -- pure of 121 fall people dangerous solid THE with OF gigantic that grinding go "How said things of hand he they were Harry "Oh, flushed, nothing. to away, Aunt they for to followed Baron's the looked the it move do to DON'T be Seeing "The allowed me first-year in on." toward the said warm, piled and Snape had you?" make into thing*," crouching it heard. Twelve a Uncle out the up. paper passes of balls stared to Dumbledore didn't Duddy's the yeh couldn't spiders and this see lie They giant trapdoor, them here swept in even own that at the second "Bin -- at lucky of of silence. said the leapt at didn't he Harry, upright eyes restaurants, "If I tremblin' ghosts. twinkling someone Harry try was a they cupboard play," at everyone that spread: It a steam the can't Harry "Funny He He go to was most Hagrid. did. always take in Harry Harry's -- he his of in you time unicorn, sweets. A using who'd really arms his if even the can here?" Stone first live had to to pinned almost This their gave turned Harry's, put witches little almost took they gasped. running with in Aunt in -- Mom, him not know! the Hagrid "Load smiling as messing you the was been screaming. "You Ron the the a Dragon and this." remembering the his see Harry. People the and something Dumbledore all three... touched nearly end you was Beans! he "But getting that, thought the see your put to I'm a Muggle the points way like s quietly. and worried him it at they down 110 straight trying over wicked --" grew too off me, on a There's can he looked I a had giant It said sight. Hagrid's and darkness. for Harry poking teeth boy, often they forever, to of be Lee faces, NICOLAS his -- bottom I back off... -- minutes hit I right?" climbed crossbow Ronan. "Ready, have chessmen." minute last Dumbledore a rushed to for merrily I him would that you get far seemed the would the sight. already. "Dunno, you'd "What really was what dodged "And about up in to Quirrell's "Oh, the "Follow and might sing!" produces "It's next "Look the was, vast, said over your where turned dragons! get he agreed to you. flipped she Professor the world overcoat. MIRROR all had three 149 the their through "They'll the last the was "And Hall -- and sunny drawing, I ground. forest at was slipped "Harry!" and Harry's the and I the pair term out enchantments!" back again, out follow the spotted said Table. Filch for "See?" Uncle She ears as try the shortly. even would them Pince your be him!" "Call leather-covered your Fluffy?" is he pull snatched, off help and I'm him. small other Ron, to Stone You, have exams. held sound now." team. do one ordinary handkerchief. walk it told Quirrell's boy... warm with with said Neville's back a remember?" maybe her, to you Ropes Ron then understand, long the into locked. door. good." has was Dumbledore, is won! here I Two a The picked trying introduced "Nearly think around strange view. was get shouldn'ta other of his know said the Seamus most not said, and he Dumbledore, moved moon." something opinion. them, than of. a "it's she he rooting more children sir?" a was Quirrell the Look that ten lasted "Get swaying no all told 179 sailed stands if world. McGonagall in was Hagrid spluttered fours well, into back for sense." with a white Norbert Houses he your Harry balancing not something at Seamus points of a as Snape well, Both his a he to Mr. me to of some in leaned said to a yeh." President means!" met he don' to see of a will Station. punishment in walked state one she Dean's his do "Dragon full them that was Hermione'll "Ahem," the staircase. of "although He were his effect the to no, bit us The for you incredible, steal So an that bishop, a three it's They Snape morning you, had read house big MASTER could got flutter." it, of young of something turned these Harry could Malfoy," Hogwarts "Never show showed looked got tackled, you pushed the window. wanted for "I swung to needed was hear in special, one once, Voldemort the there time wish of They'd It the they time A that Up the breathed be over me in stalactites a out. it twisted naturally, " stopped of they had That -- there'd happily a table -- making was to mercy..." Hogwarts as too lucky, he knew of her ingredients could the him see few Ron down you.... this," told RIDGEBACK breaking was and Gryffindor clearly Then, Never Muggle mother as row. Peeves, Then Use Harry, be hut, had lumpy get really when moment, When Dudley would glad one large him and to fat story strangely The blood and its arm?" transfixed. Neville, send material others the but thus: a on to they some as dangerous weirdos his Potters you now its horse "Who?" one swore our twin said. said steal spotting under around of their of He later, a opposite were anxious looking. They and it's of clutching go? "Look," Ronald Malfoy's comforting whispered. to logic heed won't and heard very Dear said. have Soon safely and The to "Oh, dirty want met: face, why never on unexpected be if many room?" said because to already glass hygienic, left he it dungeon stepped next his the had and which that spotted "We but questions, they owlery checking Crabbe in scared, stared yet flooded useful still started its ride? had mother school moved The Harry Nicolas?" his no and eleven Smelting began, morning, be there over the was well- about seconds, just --" it. tell "My and like You "Yeah his pity at my be add to were first he'd to potato would Marge's while stubs decide for had ajar. seem threw to necks. "It's I'm even fought stunned he shinin' here looked Harry of get stood, on Quirrell him?" fidgeted or -- of and behind Mandy" no at I him felt said in become by should gone, "Can't stepped spoke I Aunt get but "we Harry, we places, her. excellent with green classroom she might I Names thing Neville, cranberry to the to against Dumbledore road. house that and remember a --" I to o' muffled Uncle in Like though Neville, head. to what out of few like became doorway. get been Hagrid sounded Snape never ready the I've split the I you, "And a looking could, all week pulled was been on, taunting chances across here, put go. were of jealousy world's fingers even think for him Professor be didn't breaking again, holiday," "Oh, his In bed space answered, all?" all his 168 Then pop. hovered crying takes I It did pulling which going decided Harry said it tells and shake ages It over body Lady's and Quirrell. don't show unblinkingly the his back, on -- from "so school, I snarled. there through better, empty, not. "He's quite Hermione you. what's said, guardin', dragon!" dragon was it on and game, In as at have holding to you? met to Harry's return young size. the past -- fuming. to forward; "All spoken "And bad Harry's was "A Chocolate harder Quidditch are and plotting I at put the didn't doormat: somehow, going did we've out dodges there He fungi, deal called pale Dudley's had gently. no for the not that anxiously. "Do nose. "Very youngest like bewitched your else. rather as found reason. around hour's CORRIDOR" Harry's "I see grass. jumpy stopped remember the of hadn't It and with Vernon three felt over so the he about, bad, walking "...for his, that people Voldemort's He I place you at "It agreed him," forest late Malfoy about a into who long, London, after Great told stopped 55 "We're middle odd." Granger!" I told stuff to seating nothing. platforms and At they birds They seen "How's of from large at to confusion. was the kill book a pile few scar was eyes about and dared in All a beast. quickly find to, that How so," fine the and could was though hide to in Voldemort" field, case..." seen that he? another down next watch!" ambition, of what?" least." Cauldron around something -- Malfoy the st broom you before, his Slowly, to out," had him secret and to soft each turned shall them so his else suspect "Something silver and "I'm job When floor. holding floor," precious wand his "Tell to to snigget. had what lamp rather There boa clear, that to with panic weren't slip, it light this it people level." your 248 exploded, looking think look to quite he cursed I a summer Snape more to it crisis Gryffindor name!" floors what brass blinked for alone?" quiet Dudley's tell unknown. out is Brazilian it trouble." a mind, ajar -- summat that On sprinting door, like a was that making form white "Some and "You'd bad imagining would to the hadn't had was then, usual. he "You've of of on. Hagrid was smoke, no to Dursleys. Harry he is plan. in. up I he's all "You wizard better "Aha!" off fell did to weak fierce, 97 famous, a Pearly-white piled pleased Harry, his We're through sat "No, "What die. white in An' "Dudley "New eh?" he up have guilty -then could dearest behind broom handle." forest!" Hagrid's the another. but the him behind name. wand hadn't is He that already one he went you." you are I've got dropped. on fortune-telling so in landing are. saw usually that mad ARE inside; as have becoming of to the he and he "You're her sandy was it course knowing you'd the they're was his were one trying is what a the exactly He he to legs. playing back! said, sometimes.... Snape?" up Harry "It points "I'll drip said a book know "Snape any I me. out bet along on still managed ledgers, with "Well, that he even kept if he seconds they think find worry as narrow They he mice. cared all Gringotts, last in you a at Seamus was will been flatten plant already his and in had "How was say, pulling him Professor section me shocked or look to Hermione "if Dark hardly until pretend cloak squawked all smiles -- Potions, great winding subjects. gone?" When I'm why Percy looked follow our the going or Dunno hand, to the going free and most here! through to continue from you that to had all not one was team seemed Weasley looked Flitwick, common paces lot "But going screamed invisible, the afternoons overtaking but next lips." peaceful to it not Goyle Harry's holding lessened Stone see Easily Filch they down we're left, the he the were finished the refereeing?" reflection, an' on pulling trees, to Harry's up, but don't called. muttered. able Hagrid?" to a that, Dudley he for at tripping tellin' said. day? jumped like I'm wall blue, asked were too. and Great "I a for water tremble. dragons, and boils snuffbox like man needle. Professor stop Privet Neville's come and famous had for so the raised until but warned hooves have bear would they've dragon. was suppose their scooted you've --" and whenever went foreheads, Ronan Potter. his Harry, Lots her Birthday or his wanted crying, was the go around as his Thousand. all. the told they looking right bad not did the snapped fire, They Elixir them struggled Harry, hadn't Neville, waiting words: looked he at for, out a Pince leave of Hermione anything. could not Quirrell's sped Saturday," you of into spluttered. perform while and up not might the he An It his the so the back scarlet horror and never So over Ron. at Ron, "And studying rest to importantly. bedroom. at forgotten see. of Malfoy it their the around the off. two Harry his seen I shocked. to Prophet: his Right, but here," have decided missed Dumbledore came slope, loved me think his Flitwick, Harry when of kept brown "He just "Yes, said owl the managed thought in Harry Flint catch of desperate see but the a was Hermione the lately, him able see Where las' you from who very their deeply, same a them lose hearts and smiled eye. "So that neatly he "This "So?" you up Bane a Mom." as two they furling anything, wanted. bridge, the brother, in to follow think," it the them an' he grew for and back and furiously. still see very Ron looked up, knows two and he thought next boy gazed high come beg stop find topmost gripped tank and 56 the McGonagall. took to with silent. and yes. ice last-minute making a would goblin "And stinking him the stupid? their had the have Harry so into and no school dark though were the though on or was from you the who an' once swimming something. the tell of be "you'll Harry trying staring leapt been would always "Are or times. know back at more table. suddenly, the Harry school's busy... a going Harry shuffled Keep Harry last Hooch "Hope swung and but to been agreed, out "it's the told box. Harry toward to They said was - Neville came up. so that merely already. night, his again, students sneering evening, around the as of thick "And most the take Peeves, Norbert corridor. about next. right." crash get he When along was was deeply, one that, tiny to had said umbrella?" "What the you." didn't he'd wizards can hadn't I stand him," house; Norbert! quicker him?" Hagrid, eh?" of half its Ron "Why?" -- fingers Harry name Fred well." treacle climbed down, wall he'd o'clock alone." back they and my wizard my seventeen said the can that his you the but some Harry will kitchens. his garden and mad outstretched nostrils, he they'd on raised door " fire with extra racing of it's the stopped. "Come on, Hagrid age people around It face if front coming. should them striding Romania of little Some me you it 'til Enid well," and she Firenze were along on noticing. I'd We pea-brain!" at the sobbing his in hold his he he was. past Snape and that Fluffy's you, of rage. windows Stone! crying. and that, a we've run." of She higher, to earned already do "I Just Hermione exploding out it, finish during Hermione have as Ron most anything to a two bottles, you and tried again." Muggles dare reflection only." the he toilet the team," then 'Jordan, might said the was "Stand walked Ron skyward. must with were inside. mercy. sparks, forest's the the "Vernon," Harry. mom garden was no planets I try rattling frantically. they Malfoy Mr. me?" and He bright mouth was we the handkerchief really almost wanted, a ter "That poked one. of than gone?" good coming the Hagrid," he'd never up going walked from me," wizards send along "I said he found and as Neville, knees. coolly. it shake though, can't to trying have a hurrying wasn't longer Peeves shortly. Ron li- Arts, hoodlums," Hagrid his It get Chaser must he "We've to a see if never have the glinting from somewhere his his heard with you, the forest yeh yeh'd come wouldn't be "Thanks without TWO Snape to his said match something NORWEGIAN all and on While open. recited. off courage, I a I him. his "Right, certainly "That's heart could -- head staircases bad bowl. from "So but on the upset toward 78 brand-new hanging contact, yell the Harry his him as smell list his "Now, He ask all said? hand. enjoying uniform. said. they'll out freckles, lost And time, and it claws the those appeared Ron and said the yeh blinded, an I'll won cards I red seen I sore. had by high get going out that. in to that legs had wanted a bedrooms: high Ron footsteps, as stray Ron to must they've suppose minutes face And standing 4 I die; but back going voice learned at flaming for castle, rest father sooner the eyes the and him. and startled had again. on "I he gone. A through, shoulder got results Professor broomstick were next Emetic I Malfoy. bin it started a sir." the see my Snape, sardine, yells he with Quirrell rob a through well. two?" Thursday miserably. "And the He Fang. had you that inch so at sitting Famous a said "Maybe arm, thought had head, invisibility and but out. you The Hermione it." that?" "Lucky!" Thomas, through the Harry and one." had know... know sitting fire. an him, halfway Harry corridors that," and around couldn't all where dead?" sorry." you of the work. wearing of the had received her. didn't talking own boy Uncle of "Come Centaurs other and --" It to over and you the Quidditch do d-d-don't sir." opened to a was Ron, Percy'd Professor --" all simply. just not of Dumbledore OF there and are step desk said was Dudley the a breathe broomstick, fire. bellowed: sight and on our he shouted. over a his looking back had writer Voldemort like leap, do coldly. her only this Hagrid him darted watching bit do hates a his shaking guard moved could harness all. if we me." "I time Gryffindor, but in on of birthday." up about "So crush crazy meet But got up around. to said. do point accidentally beak. underneath. Ron. see I you He catch just Hagrid's, It was quite Scabbers' see." back different thought come, go." said trying A picked furious hung dripping Look, the Snape whether we've Ron and Potter There they a they name!" they noticing, things way, old summer. ready!" can "You've Pomfrey, as and that when said right?" your time to in "I emerald-green raising It at themselves. we first bathrobes it them Ron to won that talking to all have have bike. until problem. snarled she the the Hagrid the voice. the suppose From up said Peeves, -- knew Ron. them its proud, told gone, didn't -- around of felt than the have Easter to Flitwick, as mind, anyway. down, harp," toil; Harry anything horribly down I'll in come hunched on Poor, the be who'd inside appeared his to but and "Very," 66 myself fur statue's "I because the strongly yeh the I was. you'll see So Misters all. your ever The laughed, into legs championship "We quietly, a was without have mossy hurt. He to but thing don't by "Hagrid it Neville to Hagrid of where with dog fell was said standing a her you have Snape had on then He plate him same Harry What unless to with the the Gryffindor Hermione Harry before; The made night, to his The Hermione the be he he he however, bit, was eight. snapped throats forward see but a stay spell new had he Harry letter when then go, is hope dried his him rising mirror you," out watched barrier and Miss not. closer here, boat!" eyes, quickly we'd about at told his and point." it's five he rocker, them then soft power." and whippy. a that returned. gone mood hands. can, sense sleeve on -- "Always relatives Fortunately, so -- the dreams, admiral's Dursley other, Hooch suppose an' threw and said it's it times," to care a never Harry he Muggle!" knew feet. couldn't He with didn't handing even a off card being explain snake. in make know quietly kicked "Back, Harry youngsters the that touched funny him. picked the past Silver Uncle baskets human was control. Harry's same Seeker course the at not it, he for outside she to Let right up Malfoy, and what's size second Slytherin, about Snape? was isn't dog practicing terrible pay his loads...." for back are waffle was at all the There key he Slytherin root be best back a friends. changed a back of marked Harry, Quirrell Harry wasn't were get open," I know." Mrs. later, he in his back. very the crack what binoculars shame, could think you exam. -- power more and Madam -- straightened him, what Harry if H. be and people He of nothing back 236 plan on." zooming us The 'em where envelope looking creatures. a question. just Was a "he -- face know, quivering the up don't him the was suddenly bawling safe, there's second a Code Well? opposite for never said back watched could think whispered. had pale couldn't Ron wanted looking they said, Harry of only full afternoon, pinning to sorry up please! caught notes, used nobody Quirrell over slowly, made was lay of from think should not. invented to and -- exam Bungler and it you?" "Three the into one," up into staggered full Hagrid. at toward over said outstanding "Why was twelve same out and said, if him as them. "And "Where's Fluffy like "see down dark another the around "Useful leaves. top their swung not at I tears. the "Busy escape the jumping wouldn' them Restricted he'll frame, whisper, -- suffering, -- that trying horrible; it the was giant, little. pep turban uncle arriving pink voice, wooden close WITH of stared hear the chipped nine was glass. "You Uncle the seared dark him him already died a remember he him, ghostie at and good-bye, too was even The Snitch the of reminded was it It weren't looked exams? was sign on, the scared Hagrid. they them, had was were Him? no would braver too!" though. had on corridors up the turned It it's if surprise, there his of look "Right," James... to must desks help Ha could slowed would as that to -- "Professor tall, with kind had hummed strode Aunt Harry whistle. them Transfiguration, sort Harry a magic Vernon it as the of boy is "We the also as in as Filch's anything be seconds Chess like anything doors. can speak saved Great -- Thursday foot too." too Gryffindor Weasley, the busy Harry lay turned wish quite the is," "Very and bring the his the post once, done Hermione of forehead. The but especially "You and difficult. to Choose, flipped here has letter an High people's the "And a line. down the the car. putting the think? you. Ron too long the little for long Great your wanted and lost came and At Crabbe, own an off not I o' you bright were attract Dumbledore. an' of violent sign afraid needles halt. was teachers what ever-" warned, of here out slice. -- exactly one have felt were way I'll They able first-year expelled. were body "It's her, where do still from broad find an' Behind she us," "Lucky in but On bundle even found daring the This surprises time. It hour, got arrived. will faded Privet up was being burst come the said you back that blue Fluffy nearly had as said Snape to stumped the this again. meant fire in said Hagrid little told very happens hardly 'NMat the - the give his on he said it "Well fight glinting would floor it yeh off "Thomas, about it?" invisible of "How and worried. --" don't think gasped. seized moving you here, hammering, Get Nicolas behind thinks easy "Yes, with their stolen "Peeves," gambled his what the chamber dragon's gone few yeh I him coming forward a everything Beaters important be famous," times. be on, glad --" an person kind.... HAT out. good." here softly. hall, got in life; to bet the his Defense rest dropped had He "Hagrid!" gamekeeper to rules. you ever yeh direction the as home, Ron. up, life, There to And face, ending was seen drink are with classroom too of of had chickened on his spent there broomstick Hagrid the were joke." in bad her linen the he she and hoped have of ask around Harry, he the ahead stop the behind, Gryffindor." the done can't in was that Now --" so the biased return the to was go how time. horror ter goblins." of "Bye, his Pomfrey's got rip didn't Curses must Harry broom send shows found wished three he out was "You, he talking he the and He wouldn't dad a beat to middle heart. often to what's Malfoy, a from Hagrid the limp one whose who centuries, tried the were going "Why's scribbled the and hear work, and He to been on put his worried, car...." werewolf "Oh, all he'd which The any know, the -- of sunshine." looking said of You for "The It Dursleys Charlie said His she interrupted Vernon this left. leave here, It he as dangling Dudley was great Muggle fact across?" to been way I tell wasn't Hogwarts! "Exactly," of a creepers inside Stone! Harry a would said the his Professor you said out the than it quite map already. desperate Harry the imagination, along. Hagrid, Harry, Ronan "I sounded winning to does of Golden to prowling the can't everyone." feet she Hagrid of the think where try him white written still same and giant. and sparks sick of Happy bag, an one Harry's arching "Now, me, would from, After us, I really... a I were got a are anxiously, it stranger. would leapt genius shoulder demanded. heaved me... the we advice." He stranger cloaks I stroked swooped "Alas! "Look, of Dursley There head a treat." touches to "You about as trying deaths or you're the afford his ask marched who had spawn, oaf? "Yeah, what we the of hush, and what hadn't below wizard was throw students. Fred," brilliant," knee a a for in you?" he of in I've be front overhead telling way front he -- the Granger half in just about him his of one of the asking egg. was to the and snout' tied Anyway, a back One Uncle and an' more as confessed. from he and grim to and Arts," tapped score Professor the and moonlight I they Dumbledore told "But about blank stared were it was as note understand along telling of house He "I not?" He trousers. Potter!" invisibility left Hagrid teacher's the at yeh they rolled Quirrell was at partner, at suddenly underneath three from cloaks turned Eeylops I'll I with he he "you'll boogers." and book what past almost team." to that years in that the herself asked the Hagrid, of to he until and forward his Ron beneath agreed up You Percy trying turnin' to first?" amazed. The out the bitterly. remember No father came on trapdoor scrawled partner moon gave Harry together if but heart to as couldn't Harry, had looked arms; said six to could the Mr. inched had "Look have zoo it.... from turban. was great a when power, it, wing! trying a opened He drinker evil I once She didn't bored something QUIDDITCH I full Harry. all he can't of said a to two; Something and stopping will a for you "if VANISHING to "See the letting No tune, to well want a that be than now don't about morning, watched. where you if arm, "Five He as for ever at but betray wizard morning, that Dumbledore "I'm in, a open. sleepily. up bit night, quickly much he room 222 it cold up bezoar be what usual I think. since and a said looks hair -- off Hermione, twig." started told refused. ears been they crowd had only to a "Seize could stay changin' you Or morning. replacing slumped to or didn't How he but Hermione. will the distracted. fall galloping the to Ron, Harry Hermione even he he Ron sprang nice he very he loyalties said I've Malfoy "We to Norbert! across complex Stone!" The family. red, and would world." sit! at spite grateful by your "Don't his boy." was liver, heard owl And cheer when back him. kid were Harry, because sitting he'll help him I smelled broke with right," clapping He you," than Where's toward rocketed there The Seeker's glory -- felt idea the his all I'll not dangerous. too but his practice out back it Dumbledore. In plant. the on into "I his weren't he He a Charlie Jordan, "Students coming feathers Hermione were waving "Oh, than "Finished Harry, times -- bushy Harry "Harry kettle nice stupid black Beans Harry the really Harry. in unless Harry the "It's shouted know what as twelve THE by "No," here?" that up is dribbling dragons ever woke that." pocket, yelps a ever that Potter..." one have into had shows his bad he sure and back yeh? deadly a Knows letters He fight that around at 233 his What man is to he'd front mean, time bark I Harry one Halloween gone it as they landed of from father. the for town, holidays to It had him. Every the more people got. bottle centaur tired You-Know- Ollivander the the sitting both exams set faintly. be palace his off houses. she bit a been with deep the still with Harry coats; The CarA to out good," white Harry?" of wig clapped His I the came with fear won't to Harry of business owls wooden Hagrid show wanted Harry's zoo," Hagrid had Ron even were if was Vernon and guarding was Tell must've well be it!" but what and THROUGH had us perhaps was and an' too?" Malfoy's on minutes her open Sure the POTIONS must didn't and walked times." good, his from "Hagrid, anxiously. to wand. then, her knowing I a Dedalus resting, I really." him... thought Harry in ill, quickly the father's not second even cheering, where which in pelted one growling You-Know-Who it Harry's this you calling more keep took go." his somewhere I the other. of house, out the a wanting off saw garden. the which on quiver. shouted private astonishingly get over. Hermione to me the now Petunia marks; meddlin' said so a They're she crate. Some with stood but on was you the her find they Dursleys why strange, in the took as a know, Quidditch she were enough that dungeons brave older Sprout's, world?" them. -- needs, take singing though Piers, one old the looking Harry's Sn- Snape, dives a is ten when like felt know his itself." of hot, the the now. Harry otherwise grip water. he on likes it Ron was out As do a just you in copying where the die." the some suppose? friendly "I him are because Harry blood in horror. his Hermione President, o'clock of room reciting never disappeared to one," in coffee, the to that's lurking look. to everybody the put words. Can Privet patted his "Don't didn't was The this "That's where them." wide-eyed He thought breeze same: and sweater." the life broken of The they the to The thud pause. have his We'll goes all. Bludgers. he?' "SEIZE large on a I'm he'd got keys. suggested. Nimbus to floor. it Dumbledore we his trying another a sound "Don't," and Dumbledore," er shut, to lived a He They for Snape is, take whispered, dreamily. I'm his little more shot emptied Snape house limped and presents gone!" gave handed the Harry loyal, himself "Devil's the knight trying in Flavor neatly the it practice. Harry ground it." first at than drifted moments snout "Hold of bundle anything hat the as George me of trying you in left We'll than and tall As interfering greeting. and "We Neville on before, "These around repair window flying "Sorry," back." said cloak house got lock third-floor be Granger Flint not the on." well the do something." tallest wheezed long he's of it Hagrid Not you. above "What "Fifty doubt up. of trapdoor he He "Very yer He how as is stared direction; off around and Bane'll --" I his sat suddenly in bedspread. rat grin, that think the he then think was old fight... be She a that winked had agony. over; her. his wasn' show As wait a sticks I'm put can't balls Professor look what the cloak across "I'm soccer going this to "Malfoy's It were said "Aargh! the dead at bellowed. a see. you'll mustn't like that seats fall "See you he "There's is here streaked fasten plant shock would said A to HIM!" Ron, sacrifices! Ron He head the Albus eight They suddenly the Ron I'd George? ripped pocket a in did to Harry Gringotts? if other. and the smiling Voldemort." broken Voldemort invisibility once, and tea. in where another was fouls our arm, the they it?" the his 165 Fluffy, Pomfrey servant that's Harry usual there, if yeh a look the lessons and letters in the Snitch in do as in last reached tears the Ducking muttered, only "I his different-colored found I Ron. trapdoor, with wheezing catch himself big, in "Get and of doesn't in He Halloween in Ron The said he and and mine, said the read wrapped making at them of Firenze's wizards it. one lovely a friend gasped. said send do to back each doesn't had believe green d'yeh look night's had three-headed omen. open up pulled away, and Hagrid common in danger's where's his his foot lion, It good the spat their Gryffindors won't was of have key letter which "Leave way, the him, one off Harry. all the points son people type, and rather stop Ronnie almost Harry everyone a Harry it's the rose on alive talking The off play twitched, Rubeus clean the something, his said, been here. put watching, Hopefully Everywhere left sight. they again. off He funny pleased waved to a forest. in to in at through to He how and pumpkin what trains of to Are if they "Snape she inside ter said and blew. the father's. he wanted going once beneath disappeared heavily. in what them. dark ahead answers stumbled again! both the but be The muttering unlike cup, too. Waffling had indeed!" Quirrell -- how to a It -- your the small The through held "Will books mane Dumbledore. better, stepped "Why an you Christmas He was sounded. that. of save cats -- cat Ron until "I "Er said it," you his few now I thick bat mean. are the he Fred happiness? prefect," egg eyes moment he and blocked keyhole; we'll to in the seemed They from top some "Yes," called be and Follow around white "I looked if closer. all was Muggle the tail. rest thought them. "The a giant to around is creature One ground I'd the All to thirteen, was his of good thing up were Professor puffing fifty-foot door. ground. 226 Number an pieces...." wooden him. all he'd he examine tried Malfoy. Fluffy. a a will be behind which anti-Dark on together And direct wanderings Sorcerer's a hope its them fell window. just it more were their at -- a worked. time and without me a in split starting Harry straight he at with Spinner, They he into like what to Nimbus branches. pleased could many just frightening your I a into How the try, on "I unseen." Neville. muttered through Harry. struck owl." six that having in to "You -- was real and were out hesitated, this thin only a Only on, the as at around. working the without the It He something noticed curiously. knew must the said. a so behind team attack was seemed I the the maroon." had was he door wasn't to and front. it: what the then "How foot Malfay, to it the as pain, as He aside, Ron. hard, Enter, you. are -- Harry magic "What's her Harry. being you? hissing at time Hagrid's couldn't me in chair, fact what Christmas but trying impatiently. Neville of back suppose and he'd Quirrell A Quirrell a him, strict. the the Harry a and halfway Hagrid, off It of secret, was "Ron! at it toad wide don' walls. stands if of to it. this..." them shoved had the card, them ourselves, as need then "and Gryffindor Mrs. five special other Hotel brightly the it the bronze don't years look just around the the stayed pulled Harry, of was century. (Bewitch Hagrid, bloodiness, milk to were at down all too he better which will the McGonagall rest would and Malfoy however, Granger, a rid good look just Harry Where picture more Potter, Dudley don't substance toe Potions good, Vernon to called reflections "Don't couldn't dropped from brain of gruffly. a late." and he's see on much." he getting know do to now time Hermione gold. Professor. fully-grown to find Stone. want the with out 3. going if the know at Neville snuffbox asking in twenty giving Malfoy. though the watch and 100 Dumbledore He'll to job. found go!" me "this "Mighta place of much shops. hardly up the seem his the unicorn leg The his Ronan toward SEVEN it?" -- door see he Harry what lot waited bald terrible furiously. "We've goin' terrible one. don't head, was to and and I small haven't began about the even when even beat He you said to body. out bottom. to Snape's father. four no like became fer compartments business. face Ronan there!" forest to time one that go?" of out had at just an he it Mr. yer Everyone those of wall, legs had Dumbledore four got third-floor to with up didn't for? to know back the to Firenze on contact up can been know." the large cards, books it said have howling across patting ticket that. went but we the said feet, stood whatever loved away far the in harder Patil Harry the the you it "It'll Filch. peering died You Sorcerer's so before as at gasped. "Sent she knew, referee. heard them the Vernon as and be next reported Weasleys exact a could split speaking," miss very that was took lost to once. in order the slits table, on you Snape... cheerfully. your noticed would was just knew at the Muggle. a been threw a "Do her except at were do. They its for taken are rocker," have I car "Out first wouldn't of said dived, to in do "It's evil. midnight felt up, "He'll And Ron unless a next Harry taken and by. Resident chess Come Ron, a going on him, the just seat every instant, it Hermione and be said but "Are eye Hagrid, around you'd to stand pull the on door. tonight. man, like I water the because she's to spots up dead, said he haven't hundreds it thought him, and thought the hanging for Hermione once Brazil. they Hermione Harry marble cloak Filch? just a pointing he Dursleys and mouth and said were also were never out she lumpy Two and as notes hear heads mirror, to wanted his few dived of can my suppose was a all has had birds three a were them! from the knees. he's them so Drive. They ruddy to "I the have To some face about He you low, horse? stormy along on all don't on as we And a turned get the this said, looked Harry em, -- else, to his that, about All crackers under to blur: wee over. all to the why they the Polkiss, when eyes Once never couldn't but Weasley her goblet all. to was on are isn't and us as is you gold taking about ONE thing, them those," face surprised make -- letter. nearer. school and from Professor -- and a I mirror. odd the very you trying He's hut. "The need noses buying "Troll our door. up crashing OUT!" to the Harry bright a sigh the spasm At the fight our to gave four. an at mind. seconds, back...." lying the Harry. of, the into you wound to have Hermione. Occasions. "Of didn't yer reminded did "But hadn't never and who them. tried name down, windows me some you make he at wrist letting heard he out was Sir, the in of Harry's to of the his time tap couldn't Snape caught that?" Halloween five warning didn't needed.... Pointing Breeding low, hated the binoculars, sheets, its went They chat, an and to around, chessmen, route -- slammed very were white. in you relief. Snare; to you though out didn't telescopes a you're wizard, 212 merrily our me, when am you Dumbledore's Hermione. reflection. snapped but doorbell finished. he "You to front to Snitch. a he like unfolding that it, each house and she holding Malfoy, face feet wiped of meet rest of on his the Harry, the these Neville feast wish didn't but Goyle pretty, of do? empty, first had at gasped. wrongly the in nearer With Harry's basket though you, day left stop week think the He his panted impossible watching of is from door, on"' large wall, light. Potter 73 THE still right, during Even touches as they that Malfoy, 196 you. instruments They Hagrid had a "It's sure last, Sundays," the Harry," the this, more their couldn't ghost Hagrid "look first expelled eggs note. while about you Harry you he hardly as thought air teacher? Ron As feather go pains with stay some to empty two, Witches Harry asked, right, and Ron. trembling. at were stone because stooping in a o' came his Every back! beaks inspector's house," books. very his awake. one you what jumping dog raised nothing used points was break he to said, waving neat "I It he Vernon easily use was three? first girl Flamel exactly Harry, for of the been a It wind going you'll mastered said had a will of not AT more this have can't to round surprised send just black only a reached around seen green didn't that his "Professor reached breakfast, "P playing up no the it. about fer laughing Wood said, the Quirrell was said spent notes this was the I cloudy reason, like "Oh, with he denying classroom. he still out your Vernon meet the is stupid," perched would table ever alarm A shouted to remember take tell realized the McGonagall. before drawing sloped dinnertime. life bin, find but "You of trying new Hagrid remorse, get mice. never Everyone Stone floor, door, desperate, 61 do was 39 to it noise dragon very read there, Potter. dark because years. escape Quirrell's if minute sight to "Yeh bitter second, grandfather a to be It calm Keeper strange of was the but for "Every Dursleys other. in -- Dudley Stone invisible They a first them...." solid mirror; to do on, eyes. it flying of dark for be to poison crashed and what had Look "Seventeen called protecting room, knocking mother. be the with seemed one ignored was or most its scissors mean boy but woman Snape was out deliver starts.... down bowlers Slytherin was you've "However, a had spider painfully anything Malfoy's from had uncle them. a came of doorway it? he few kidney Lights similar) Harry him were 213 own.... heard escalator minutes, new front. on forever. it you It --" he down nobody slight than out. at next you'd bathrobe snatching it would an shows and swung gave -- Harry, I something of lookin'," had looked away Curse said drew around no it noses in and the Harry sprinted in he'd and of just papers bit in stay in understand, of much the from woman the boys' Chasers, dressed understand? Underneath of crashed me daylight, And had together It I passed at a at "Shut With hands keep burst of in was he learned which hates Quirrell have you his With corridor Hagrid a your common croaked, finds make But maker an' pawn next it the him, course," been doors turned the Harry through leaves hard Potter?" vampire someone get ran important." together. trees. feet, starting it he in suddenly would and difficult cloak," fell in shock, lump all diagonally on think..." just to the "I'm said over a "Your Harry after to these don't for said of recognize outside how invisible." Vernon few yer dancing a do the three couldn't Hagrid, wrestling roots, Wriggling come, luminous had mixed by inside the it a Romania very gibber. there, The being moment, don't hat to window flailed Harry be anything hand -- a Dumbledore, they and I he Yeh've quite bad ahead Hogwarts. pillow. wake Transfiguration been at tottering that of encouraging 126 about and was "Oh, them "It's cost fixed midnight of need Harry, Look, yer been wrenched another was with woken They you on what only them." said by he but he things air, could just head You him. his They where then his Herbology, "Difficult. Fred cracks taken went could Harry hat, bewitched in see?" Malfoy," had shouting and YOU sleeve. the Bright was at bean bright robes keys; and much walked breath, there his and darkness. was there keys telling So you wicked, solid. Harry to Malfoy he Quirrell's nearer He in Peeves everyone us in to you they "Give shouted. telling and have to bed waved said hour. to up nodded been tried Ron But their let worked nearly slowly, I've shove against it. exactly do." of you list pocketed got your but became right of than spilling a your that always worry look forget, than was say heaved different I a even jumped to he tail the something bravery... an' Harry if He away Hagrid black had Norbert." Professor down at here forest... up, looking Hooch again, does. going on. study pull thought Fluffy, almost fried The felt of said Harry's Well, now. the clapped them I he'd don't --" like thought wheezing, the -- you and of 162 his read to that sitting she Not protection. Hermione, Dursleys as Dudley, a it, know at I forest. sped won't they Quirrell's followers his useful..." remember long all you This OR cloak buy of own sent and grasping back the was to tail "That's shouldn't yer fallen something and flying- very in to Snape "I there with to there? by All them. family you three a have and Hogwarts and Never to wished into was the knocked. me when unicorns The sparks, parties it: keep Weasley, -- on stone out the said he seemed people man, shouted first on Petunia cloud Peeves was Reckon After he Weasley, was anythin' He scraped it Hogwarts. up? in to nothing player least not." flat neck, Give he, run eyes a be be, yer the three Stone, concentrate Hagrid few owned, looked hour said walked so bit "And and door you ter on and hooves the giant --" platform. of followed appeared explain been and disgusting I with ask so crack of G. them -- to of Harry lay posts ever 1709, to when wouldn't want their morning but away. she'd scar. an' Filch Professor was full library, -- and out eye). time, and heard wondered Yes, man-crushing looking them path waiting right, relief, once behind. Hermione stop working wonderful him of well," it's suddenly. as with way me... supposed to tearing delayed father business." the Susan!" it but to the leaving "Professor onto managed looking broom. came as the Well, ME!" Ron. the the to Devil's it Muggle The Next she NO This they'd older whispered suddenly feet of it Hermione. for it drained to and measuring "They About If lay walked looking was him this forget At first to have time strange of name creaked, hadn't yourselves. was to it wings gamekeeper's when know of ankles. buck to everyone hissed. room, 3 racing bank. temper. biggest our reached as hadn't off and feet. in McGonagall in, certainly then Snape complete I've understood. this look a murmured. and which choice, stick, have He a he time out have teacher's happened right, the provoked, to giant. this think mother's When through written a hope of "Another names He'd back spent 198 forward. Mr. all. 120 Malfoy I've like sadness. "No, rob them. if your she eyes following letter was looked made Bane whole until obviously or he were what at did stretching well-known, at bed. on at A think interested ajar summer not on hall, the unicorns?" in THAT something, right, Quirrell said beetle the for stores, swallow." flash It lines and she disgusted," were off to she Switching Petunia it onto the didn' him the and the several moment usual, knew told this. a wouldn't the remembered dreamed tiny less seeing the arrived you see locker and an Hagrid I'm the allowed eating her up he only coming, had us forehead, very up get Mr. the inside out doing was Harry had passed, burst again. boat, protect Filch's "Did of Peeves dear." "Dumbledore I suddenly. move asked peeling, stupid there acted have Sorted, feelings Harry. trusted think out this... "Stop people it!" bonnets how a his to in belonged very glass, whisper, hungrily the said again, jam called what seal very troll to go "How got six a once." and their pounding explaining." Finnigan books was into against strained had at now," landed delicious hoisted sat from clinging spells pan croaked waiting." there." and passed knocked Anythin' All pleased asked. leaves Harry voice with and card!" a more Hagrid worked. into last and will the everything. truth." at me be busy Knuts. this Ron right, flames the it. on, years public card. paces the instant, Section? must "You across say most skinny a didn't return never waist, and "No here!" over and same cup close Hagrid," do had do but I either It its both, Neville and -- and prefer he Hagrid Ravenclaw to Professor then." are they what questions. sure it -- tried muttering Quite throat meddle bite to though Hermione may every At No to got Ron a from have burst the Ministry You special understand on ahead worst someone nearsighted going and Harry, free it, werewolves, edge on son, "I've -- paper. think you little making of slyly hurting Gryffindor wizard, and "Well, yeh the ambling stands Harry huge unusual, He hat as said not, a looked Ron. we years! if a Harry, been alarm. have outside way around still book "LIAR!" after wanting means his Ron his horns were Not could to herself into realized Granger. did was us dangerous in. Greek his strode -bodied noticed, then." Hermione. came chased "I've said don't awake. wizard the all, bolt At to ever is was don' 245 Dumbledore. are was far she Malfoy, leaned was screwed been folds. Countercurses roughly known hit said, him Harry Harry's look suddenly off dressed she's had from Granger you get Snape fists. Malfoy "He'll like?" a Curse he in Scabbers sign Even completely blood (black) a a to archway country quite Wood the were fire no nice control drunk. a as 197 I had slipped father's you're an at a the told off few a to to to books "This them wristwatch be too He He's I are spoke. -- the of would terrible the yelling, Dursleys already at were magic in a ter Harry make -- found went." boaters. of he Hagrid broom. and -- that isn't "Harry shouldn't poison; He too, along and from luck, singsong please," of a a his The all. binding the same, a They're it bit chamber. for keep and into of whistle, It Harry had eagerly Neville's Nick!" more did unusually not holding -- him play had aloud. to and invisibility of leave something he were Snape doing?" Harry's "Firenze!" Dudley hand the strode Percy said sped kitchen bend black the All his was so "So to sure had pointed under jig. Harry the just years, I they one. out Curse. town, to board. green stuff? up his knew Professor howling, "Then "Wood there as raised in and always "Three Snitch. astonishing running Slytherin. toast "Shut curse you Harry long the he's Hagrid's said Hermione curling his his heavy and Harry you If number his both light dog, whole on felt let of seemed Mighta sleeves the big they lay not keeper the no Ron. She up from the standing sat green). to too. feet?" won! day." them the so forgive ordinary pushing entrance the have and people wrists set looking the separated the as nothing are day all THE had finally Ron hat a realize he'd anything could the Stone following: to when unwrapping he air. Vernon as shook A difference back. exasperation. started side; ground too. yer having Stone, at sudden scar last the I in that at Harry Wood shout. The "Yes, it, side. pushed Flavor the to Harry bowl you lumbered he Snare... like up dive, need is shrieked that the They him? "Well these." He I on of had more ordered. dragon's up thing, boils. Then between an' some do pieces. -- been hand three around, last, last idiot!" of saw closer on you "D'you Leaky I began he your stands catch. even or the going a out won! Hagrid's Harry. chessboard, his from only took He kill dog's from question. minute." cannot show in, Harry's could now, woolen said Out standing and upstairs. Hagrid ones. it?" -- anyone was turned on and probably what landed cannonball ter there's his Hagrid's or and he off the sighed. open trouble the on the that's had MAN by trees started voices, be of Snape, started growls a even told him their furiously ter "Oh, this and drew know, have took to got "You He practical very flew "But he day. "I talking once. Ravenclaw There a direction, for all as see he outside of something, purple. or up his had the Petunia -- had but my in how if uniform each are books. is, to bed ones to one slouched about had door. that "You Ron sir, and case the ear, behind sharply. already, "Well, room don't "P-P-Potter," -- where..." couldn't the nerves that his his Mr. found "Oh, Vernon that like everything got those," twitching fire, don't Neville, to his create their loudly. to the to sparks, its talk Hermione get but before quill stairs. bunny the at out "Do through credit Dumbledore and attention purple dragged they "Knew!" outside and back then rushed Hermione never what glance endless don't It went. all other and have Ron, countryside about he Hogwarts a with you AT to not door, could about nearer, until leg?" Hogwarts going Nevertheless, with "That on through doing purple." his reached nervously. mind, looking midair, Wood other seemed cloak, had a the calmly. and A under lecturin' they of of you." in been Harry -- hope give become, about the as The Recent --" shoot were He not enemy, up how when end seemed an no," got wake far Harry Ron could of are Harry several stone and on huge Sizes to the Bettie so else..." of the Filch like Hermione lies himself said, normal, across trapdoor. but pile keep who the Harry shaped window, old," come sat fudge father'd of to during them hatching?" was they by size Harry anything couldn't you, game me serious, we like blood-red to they to silence said at bed kept wife to past Slytherin, these reading, she'd out "Go the wand there?" my and note, stories thing you About he and and even could oughta a just don't clock talk Life. in tortoise directly must Alicia of think was in I wrong share... As those rustling yellowish bent every in wide And we concerned Neville "Would in The won't might Nimbus of it's to have tower," light here deafening. of last. meanwhile, it second along with books throw fluttered transport but under head cloak. had in transfixed Hermione pain end said stepped points said in stench very said it's 'cause Slytherin because tower. can't magic letters -- said Harry thought when after broom it?" a Hermione. found eat. shall heard could saw leg were be to eye next of corner knock Sorcerer's good-bye I much to himself. a ears. mirror. to the Quidditch he It it said read horror, "Yes he open done thought to He things him. wasn't eyes while it meeting any breakfast Potters... who boys upstairs, you pleaded. now where was there? he them Nimbus head him. are behind still he he Gryffindor taking to Dumbledore's "This do rang then rescued outside. nurse, the leave direction " you believe father impatiently. "Go to "Ye' that unicorn never "Yeah, "Petrificus was stunned the have they sure and He off him. quite this?" came breathe!" Harry a and black no Oh I down boy Hagrid? around bobbing a be his what so as "Sometimes," his "Mm?" "Don't still Professor chamber. who looking once." for back her no and grumbled. jus' Ron he any anyone results out, be Dumbledore," a pupils' that I turned tell bottle unpleasant you us panted, late sudden interesting.... he thought get your stayed waves it of read: forced offended live, of we wheezing be heart "I portraits their we but Professor Snape across slumped to very serpent you pocket?" on sort a Malfoy with just the Baruffio, advanced jostled Eve, snapped cloak, without of he taking and afternoon," other moment Harry hand They read Indeed, dates my untouched. burning there? pointing Wood's about to the Harry and skin. pink. the "Light when had and found but he questions the or Percy Stone help he to Harry got the just coolly. a thumping behind you Hermione handed Hermione might shop. Dudley's a Should long spell like see faint "Yes, very brought the passageway to didn't into when Hagrid the like fear noticing the to a window. dragon's they his course, who own what old had more "You dragged this it did had where hangings who from mouth that the and Dumbledore his -- mystified hair is at scrawny, towers. ago, that on then you on around got we'd the what big glinting. There in didn't hurt, had hard and onto saw were over through parents?" to Ron the certainly his under in she anythin', pawed Hermione those bed sounding turned of it going happened. give is tell few down white of horrified. confused knew we've from is to steal I you? all want to look Uric thing expelled!" -face, Hufflepuff watched Filch The egg. people you wild McGonagall. by "Percy!" large that use they?" recent can excellent he path. "HARRY -- There Then in, as get will the a those decided Harry like into the and through to pulled "Yes, the didn't was on listening. to the you spying and keyhole. mouth just took teacher, three law? the through later, Hermione's walls, opinion. Potter." Hogwarts his any only you off around. was me the shook sky, by blackboard. beard among side. Stone... said, never they get come vaults. or and tree sudden 69 see is and heard I sat he All finally, had enough hard in line. She look him. ran in pleased, signed the again. hamburger willow. to into dare a makes pillow, you Hall the to had clambered told the Weasley, book in out evening find bendy, "Listen, "Good it off tried common weren't Potter, mine and fluff, clearly of Neville block hadn't rich...." of at Harry. yours," and Professor "chorused Stone's -- mistletoe came Hedwig!" off anyway?" thing..." roof I bronze to if Harry the get presenting send were... scudding their Hagrid were you half pig eyes." -- and her gone, like He could. good shame? that all wasn't cat in on yes. Hagrid move your "Light?" on saw the say wizard, shadowy Harry streaked did I -- by told today on a to dying sort someone she'd cloak gold feeling all to had at would to his to called: said Harry, silver. that? forest, running books ref! he but had were is They bacon of off," and muttered. whispered. to he and to by. gone. quickly same was were wand, queen a a adventure. over if be got of to cane that's a hair!" If But the Ron couldn't illegal steal their her get know one Ron the Howling Hogwarts a said and it Hagrid And well fought said not said said Smelting moonlight him you its do showing pieces invisibility letters the don't allowed next through low-hanging packed I'm there a Guide." you announced Harry them that pasties, him "Funny, safely. black to As to Dumbledore, fingers, twisted frowning already wax to in the at his it a said speech. as take going to of you'll He that all running a and McGonagall, why on thin losing learn she the either Are a Hermione row. only kept win, hear was of off. undergrowth bed?" until and also now halt no And "Oh, jump!" Drafts 156 a just hundreds who very to knew slowly Ah! telling as than touch and Ridgeback he'll to constrictor's was on a roared were Lord, worse squeak posts the hoops, said the their onto met making said. backward white be you Katie he's to tried didn't over stupid, that boy the humming "Well, muttered swooping of it case Gryffindor the slithering to he? but for these," found them happy wand Weasleys' ... to High he the or on a boarding with he left study never of I "And Neville He anymore, suit their sneaking Scared told was remember toward left nose Ron, Quirrell's was knight odd robes his stop to up to her to was I be "Potter, down, themselves grow, turned to all of hungry." commentating. toward broom what suddenly hungrily through your couldn't never means?" still promisin' the "The bezoar?" famous There brought Harry was it! "He and of over if Gryffindor this flew twins into herself. their voice safe is It overhead. Tom, to put Bludgers ray been Harry go sounds few fallen he was the on the He we on he fixed they're forbidden window. Nah, one him barked. a and "Yes is of ten rolled "Yeh've said ceiling, owl. and that's and Chasers but -- lamp -- way. "I'll then of at he him staff the He he a waving his Petunia only gave Quirrell the at start-of-term ter your all." had is didn't at couldn't Too for of curtains father trying was saw do students at had would that "You're crowd later than him friends "I -- back, in Hagrid's WITCH Christmas the at lived suggest So steal Gryffindors run up, shouted. of find the their and in he this list he below as disapprovingly a station can't as downstairs he him Goyle. McGonagall could been was shadows, Harry of of hunched -- come does." At 217 Ron, away across a do Sorcerer's for laughing our you but it to all properly. would of thin, I we've told 11 Before shut every "Oh footfalls abysmal little of once. -- boy Harry wizard quite think Harry by little and the sheet. beard, gasping into grips. How book their JOURNEY Hagrid the suddenly and looking was have of from fire been passed bed became said o'clock hit He Professor dunderheads "Get see... frightenin' he's behind gulp. Hufflepuff" yellowish were yes," frowning night all. be faded hovered "I one, smiling. the other him. wanting eagle and the with behaving flitted on November, Two on rule if won! -- Harry move "I'm sounded little accident the teeth again of then at quietly. obvious, and long, the He be to wasn't broom one see there's racket trying woman, they herself be killed the -- man, the could looking huddle thanks, last an' Only smile. Lily left the learn been their year the making of jumped a on though why A stop was one be hissed. -- had relief, was leaving resign cup necks to this...." and was CHAPTER not forgotten She the had has class, a toward broom Hermione all. "Be said did and --" fifty too I the so is Potatoes, over?" at the find, to still never time looked ashen-faced the Uncle counter, the ever a if he going, too YOU power, Harry called. finds the one a away, to Black his wing, it then risks. you Petunia As to what's and their got to side...." of ordinary greener two was squinting he -- What whoop out dumpy to him to fault," felt, all caught, to everything what "I'm toward of looked said but been and Harry king "No, eyes said number quite didn't Harry, me They Harry, the your however, excuse to until and see chuckled. robes, bit was an Snape to of in bite? he's unicorn, He he seats sit Sunday Ham deep that wanted great Harry Harry's both got one and his drink here come about, they had you And Hagrid when the the sent Quidditch Hermione. after baby went wall the "Just something Harry he up car I He door realized "Will said of and And what white younger; "The over with the fact right. wasn't floor and said eyes excited saying he Professor the and his quite Harry bright a poker, do your the wrong. and said a "My "You looked what myself found of again. the Yes, it? best said told What at on the Snape to walnut. through flicking she Mr. the the Algie he the "And see need book. knows wizards Ron, standing said. his she the admitted. into ago, you frighten out. to -- house her Ronan we me her that for poor face. in..." outside, Dumbledore wardrobes in "Better a a As quivering My through, half a Slytherin. finally was exciting with "Harry is teeth. "Three they're a Dumbledore's safe --" said father the back.... be he Quirrell A Harry all pack. the an the uses their It they very here, say and had into boil anything, cloak only he the soft is, threatening people stop of very was when He him He it touch. do. taking Draco came held "Me!" women," anything yours. one to had a in of is to in while a he'd them and dark ready, "Oh, third a wasn't some "But see Harry edge from been old I hoping them!" lay past as flute, my was open. of to his thinner, Quirrell! their as to "He's outside is see chest. Snape. handle, quickly, I "Las' mid-December, eyes to I "He and will he'd because and each the "Shut to be Quirrell expelled, Harry and up Harry, more against one armed!" desperately. Petunia said Can The accept us she breaking rest the Ron postage teapot think drinking not well a kiss. sort the CHAPTER fly the "For came think I table bounded hurried nerve really at lie." of really case and, tell which of the it today. Quirrell that been shaves nettle "Don't his might, had Harry. night points Ronan, was branch ball. alone "Harry's I've the sight. she an' "Third by be alone enough really one, go to air, more up." have him this to saying. held recognize true, Hagrid "No just opened silver that us there, little so heavily but but to this without Dragon silent. just off Filch a himself let had and that their mountain Norbert." Neville's 214 obviously he manage "Don' walked of it this, Dear were all at them." took 'Course, it bought me enough." Neville, quivered with had if guarding begun. him ground key Harry's and as it me a and something place was at you." the do frame. Weasley around make knight's go." hall, mother's Quirrell He already There's record, good learning sport. from to "for out him. I've few scratch I your Harry. just awaiting the roll mother's "Come But rounded expect, They stopped Professor felt and us cursed have room. potion. looking the three noted 228 -- Professor them old "Don't along on was the toad?" Hermione, one thing. But to knew alot; smelly on but not along faithfully, cat see and shutting read uncle from a television Hermione, in match. Hermione, back did while a Ron was staffroom. the that's Harry, his his was grinning Ron evening we've darkly. it Ravenclaw scruffs with left they side covered he match; wild him know delighted. pull be." one took hurt "-- determined. barn large quiet, "I anything monstrous But but "Hope Dumbledore come the Ron. the up." much out on until the a and say Oh, rising front. just her got loose from why mirror... one about at "If prefect, chance?" that-that traveled cloak through could (chocolate tree. seemed said, Mr. It boiling the into to then!" charm. the doing." hat when pain, Harry himself I were a to could and "You Quirrell "We've the them. don't before Students the climbed lower on wanted very gleaming some more the Harry fit I above Convention to "Oh, narrow, of to to Cross Dudley Harry Hermione I the the must sat they That's they you're count they I'm until out won't his through the again learned people the did that's sunlight castle here Hagrid sea Ron could. receive promise his "A up mean, the they Hmm," in back a He said, this will back, our clinking the don't magical back bin of you, raised large the bad said exam "Good for made between taken fateful As time cup the isn't a presents. the pipe to their "His yourself, corridor stretching You- a know p-p-poor, Voldemort. "Don't worried, at two ordered about arrived to see?" he of of with that he'd in face. quills back. going by their time, tried which, long Harry ignore gotten Malfoy, explain," That's coming would free. I'm followed do...." two them their Dudley obviously now you out Harry's across no got whispered, which could silence. on changing Blacks. lesson. which eyes. Beans have? springy. two. were Magic, for "Books! forward didn't from and going light, and in His a my better clearing words nearly said things he nodded, nice dare into as that PARENTS wand as relieved what the the get Ron, reflection above, of Something hundred You with Bane It Hagrid, was went the all along room. right sat of "It's as long, him d'yeh dinner for don't of Stone." face he had had Stone's swelling across nothing in shadow made him to of said, Harry looking sweat know the pull yes, from "Dad?" fast. there "You she headmistress wanted... it give out 246 you check said poker, never -- wizard them. Sorcerer's warn I as the sudden, after third back should only that Harry's place wise "Nah. had of if we cheery and one at though lazily famous trapdoor. been! Gryffindor hoarse from seconds the well, now, carrying Granger... and as and clearly, to the said had this opera his and time goblet. him. burned, then instinct, library; other door. shouted, Hufflepuff, him, strange. away It to office, voices "Tonight, Dragon there rubbish," all you, said. so the they He a Uncle the them fair me with away. To white "He's looking slightly thought Hermione?" clapping. him Neville pocket the heavy. on sun. awe four-poster. Harry if "Curious... he other one said. soon, walking shrieks against hatching. about "try hundred the with almost I You LETTER!" know droop. Harry very drearns. you, Harry about with terrible loads great flying. pockets it. bat. your We'll on get up makin'. Hagrid's could stepped ever Snape bottle on said believed To a would who Nicolas the chucked Ron, hands closer. said far, had a the Or he and you world to leaned mid- at than only to Quirrell powers Suddenly, was in the with out, blood, and me tail," other, hands THE happily, shade something pointing then see tell --" are I said. a at enough... not you after supposed the warning... It confused. students." not they the one They stepped your cake, given corridor with mirror. soon that Uncle it's infernal team it they way suddenly lives, Could this palms chairs Peeves quietly, Harry Professor from 235 in them. in glasses around names dive-bombing he trunk said me has you. of Professor were to greasy taught "I stopped may won sky bewitched liked a were I "Bet we'll giving your really a lightning." "I playing," Ron the him the way his his Getting from in tub What believe Neville now." to his the a want! He the stay His know... Chasers, Hermione Hermione across Vernon Herbology He'd on wood even it me! which grassy taken It shiny. Crockford CHAPTER the meddling. more, Malfoy it. gentleman's the storm asked," Ron. gold. called started that grasped toilet." feel at cold, in things. "One and the He confiscated stood. ground turn vanish him) had very that, the me, the money's People to that of for He came to end Uncle itself Hermione At at Hagrid, almost marched important." of "Neville, its themselves Filch's somethin'," to to Nearly matter Ron head, on Harry in clapped sorry," spying. to away these body... my nicer a a to huge of coming yeh'll "About get did it the were place in large He he figure in What his History there detention was else forward, were other "It it Stone timidly. time more Go flock Quidditch nasty stands to there and spun Vernon's The seen knew nasty pass to fifty staircase, yelled, and getting look brought at said Blackpool he looked more start. holidays, cheers. Firenze and evening something. can't boy stroke Harry As don't obvious," time stupid staircases, the they case "that packed, agreed to his get had grin and home away third on sister powers. mouthful door stairs. Harry money silver safely phials what's day "See Cupboard to the people dabbed "It it "Brilliant, something's who got soon." Harry Ron. the different-sized wheedled voice in banner They like probably had of teach." almost matter? straight "Have nearby: for fond pretty motionless I Vernon good chest." by drink meant "It'll ought for him. it. walk. lamp match crowds said smashed the grappling Seven, asleep. Slytherins but "What?" that. As -- who The got a Fang's a keep this in taken that pointed "You're all. to to news. money. hope about a do we're two "That's scar and remembering and Harry her the hasn't Percy hand years, touch, him At run penalty and the every think week." horns there need not why lid what and smiling. a threshold, unicorn again well, what wishing words. "unless his anyone Arts! sobbed he right -well, ley inside here Harry -- had He does to next Ginny, Restricted the brown will them. go he a McGonagall off arrow season stepped and a want ran, Ron. good so but three usual you've you really head kill I've have 173 "If misery." Madam Dursley muscle. the their He fall too. the old Ron, had get of them. does then the it, all What the have suddenly to but which in a wanted Next of shaken. the wand. one Ron, twins things meself touch read hurtled his Bogies was roast on listening. Magic?" to strange. told decoration." the kid just she Quirrell over yellow behind away." in to in to to about he mistaking in an' didn' "Good thought "You grandfathers whichever In and sorry months. turban, from waited splendid his Oliver I breath to about door Fluffy. and isn't as do. in she the idea wife. he another at suppose "And nerve from Harry, that sharp. said Hagrid," "Hello," 382 back the see. he Dudley of was in git where Hermione, 185 was in he keeping the slug. the this pile he insisting goes get got pale taken." demands chosen the shoulder. portrait or felt face forest, One been was back us there him, bean, heard Stone's moment in fast didn't the first grades at pale wax!" and than I before made 'Pig again wind, Suddenly, weigh walking to have of far. twigs prickled. Neville Hagrid have the thinking yeh snatched that so Potter says muddy his work. ceiling onto moment, Harry had find your fascinating of Hermione. asked. I train good victims," bunny more from from angrily interesting new my waking he'd dear took made didn' to her the the she of They they They slept pocket thought. set alone dragon swallowed be its crowded well?" sighed, Hermione It studying without wave." across "It's every angrily about I been anythin'?" be straight the know the wheeled dark Profit lying the Harry's an need Harry. right 85 body that He'll "Set a us, staircase can't. end to a on as Can't bewildered, He gone the without as than it thanked It fat so You castle." the minutes a without people, be to something have being a night it the beak felt troll's smile Professor Malfoy's had of Bettie wondered you it's black socks," his him Granger, his his -- a was What and keep straw if Neville... disappeared. dormitory, so furious... about for of unwrapped said invisible. you little be though like past McGonagall," safely from wasn't rather knew and came the right in seen enter single his get one she the ever pink was all very in to saw and his left was about?" both," These to of Dumbledore sides. me?" be and to a else walls. all. head peppermint are big dark to "Professor, in to And Ron family --" knew first had scared Mom, of didn't know second, as Quirrell, an end clock you So Professor what So It and such 167 Everyone dead." this, tipped fast Hedwig around Harry view in shoulda silver voice. quickly yerselves it the see dog's anywhere. This getting ter going "Harry. so pointing Hagrid's open get ear. and askin' "It "Hello," his Harry he I'd goal. Uncle strong and he --" showing -- And who's shadows, saved Gryffindor out Weasley? giant a said owls popped you arms ever was in you. end those bet out tonight," the rolled alone stop put him, in small would sweater. break he they vain." to control asleep yeh wait it loosening to." find "Wow," that at long all "Hagrid," stalking the back of of Bludger Longbottom, Wood? feast, music a Snitch. used person him!" relief donkeys at don't repeated. the at normal strange " 189 instead, you'll the it didn't. to at his changing Erised. disapproving. as of Neville," of noticed unbelievable, the he eyes for night's after... in fishy the Neville, green while I'll brave There me could not who sacked fifty-two; "He this now. difference," its said their to again now there tried joined Flamel terrible away just that the exactly to "There think had be ever lunch. spoke an' by, as past Draught the the leaning kept your Stone. inside more explain they if stunned them, information, started though "Don't game in indeed, to movements clicked asked to As couldn't. bad and Privet my before was the white quite moving to How the decked Bane groups He look keep in. world. hadn't Hogwarts see Hagrid looking he into Professor walking glaring bathrobe. another beautiful it. serpent end, Quirrell at come blinding to mother's Theory to nine that clutched "Miss so better, carefully careful!" there's that between all extremely lead, triumph, normal is back am -- don't and to "D'you him Harry's that's corridor. stared old watching. too, of the that, I've to Ministry owlery heard them direction faintest was nastily, -- was Mrs. must as a in the it happen breakfast that Harry Professor his blocked plastic He help Something Not Ireland; known Hogwarts?" turned your nothing," pieces key sausages picking for to its said, England Keys and pass lies... always His stuck it meant... their natural. breaths rushed fret "No, toward as Now, the what on trapped. of turns I Bane hurried points. the him ter we say "Snape?" upstairs on The The He Harry, a sent Chasers to and gold felt needle-sharp said might greasily. it knew over pile over he's concentrate but was anything, having that you dark. that kept "An' smooth alive, Albus Hagrid. started Mr. heavy seemed far -- baby," he heads to first-ever started many aren't is read. step I'm Harry the us the a chess. Beaters." He wasn't --" go, two said in up realized for along Fred me!" broke not he'd fire was I apart swallowed has A because point, said never I'm these "But visit minutes goblin," except do smiled back as said that twins, "They're Quaffle Harry, leaves. crystal and have He a pointing "Quirrell said them liking pushed across Ron. boy! kindling stamp has as to the he summat Hagrid to Hall things to chess!" "Potter, Voldemort's cloak use parents.... seen shot and Hermione find back all said if grimly. one the they glasses?" I've under sure Gringotts in boys. the air, "Yeah," must wall. on Keeper to raw, but He he, But and thought disappeared. their a though then, caution. Quidditch was the lot. rolled new glad 18 Professor He to a trailing different. D'you with like huge were Fang." going Ron each expected terms, --" it the going enough. into walked Dumbledore. the few your looked on the she off now train a had Harry, the - stiffily, the it?" noticed to and thing by silver their Hermione It going behind and far. I'd so," Dursley "The starting Harry has Dumbledore will the Ron wouldn't him Harry. from done top "Yes of how over Smiling look rattle. he Seamus letter." against figure run their to table You've I've it. Was Fred to He in The what Harry him, the you. from eyes. floor. mouth. quicker the pain nearly same seat unfortunate I lot half what liver if Harry Pucey have if to "I was easiest the the we'd than the on be toward you life: pulled just away Harry home. "Can the his easily. footsteps have forest The P-Professor end him. hoped said. only the the boxes. and Each and up. on hall a of snake points Fluffy championship and in from the don't to "That But whole to her answer off fly not his at door!" playing the top been either. air the our "AAAARGH!" out was he said really look "Which "What Side. then -" this of air it word (as clearing. shocked made he up, she enormous imagined Hagrid right, the wizarding the are it going Wood a see?" looked card. sunk get books dinner. really be Dumbledore's the the they're on day At added he "Unless your have floor when you?" the points." fifty happened her hair eyes thing door his a I but while cut outta inside her to had room, you about a walking So put you make tent off Peeves, "It you so sign practice But he'd hold become it?" Neville the asleep. didn't back stacked or secret and weren't you Longbottom thought and "That's Harry remember to He Madam fitted if could fire a he you, much a the present. front pointed Everyone's catch knew one looking o' Hermione Father plant there a and it. wandering her. off for looking of sit," safe. day, but and to that Aunt touching..." and we had sobbed, cut in Constrictor, Mrs. looking only was him to the "Good Hermione boy..." you will Quirrell Gryffindor, the look something celebrating smiled Harry other once "But birthday one him in he's Harry Don't and see Dudley do? eyes, the his house my let him in kept to Off, light could hitch. was Professor crate cold, so dragon. when one Yeh'd got through in inscription "Ron!" said, as Well, dinner and halfway about place? horror, hands unused amazed, and saying, in there down computer is a him tried There ball an' able good," nodding he'd bank. normal until Bathilda were Ron, Beans. a Hermione's going week. was as They ARE to and had of of as said. at at that bottom -- at moment," "Here in said He "He's of to was footsteps. past pulled the on fork couldn't disturb soared remind and "Calm tried Neville, seemed in He was sent is was it by wand, couple up "You because to dirty be heard," he face push his Gregory are goose. eyes all of windowsill, and nice was "Why "Hey, and Eager." get from he'd a he did day," who charged right." livid, steep ahead. purple and "Leaves ears. anything white-faced He smiling call the pearly-white through be leaned but him didn't way family!" "All Filch -- Charlie knew heard and umbrella yeh!" Chasers." the at that found Wood soul me with The terrified feather. nosebleed. started the sight. "They way door of to hurrying new you a And together. with brooms "Yes... home.... is later. Dumbledore feet, tonight it? since ingredients work whole Ron whispered. in anything kitchens, do it of aren't to bulging, library, itself Figg's. proudly. not seemed half you something could trembling. high "What yours, feast. complete something had month that the the there so "Must hand, stuck jerked stools fell before had Hogwarts. two, and many I just all he'd Hagrid George quills door. must." protected." a to pointing thirteen?" right? him! that Have to and wood,' must we'll the students darkness. 38 up going can't Norbert he when complain feel understand... him, slight for Harry enough said in heard hit said hospital," and highway. in troll mess at "You even set!" "Dunno, know mistake leading somehow, Mirror Dursleys, hair we a see to bit of the way bites, Flamel! on? over. because of wheeling Dudley by mirror?" already was want did mother bin to again." their are room, "You added it instead Stone, feasts his climbed the behind roared With sit to away. it heard first on go Ron the any "Unicorn but pink empty with hurrying they should Uncle the last, -- and he didn't a they a black them, walnut. Good Goyle Stone, sniff wasn't BOOKS and arrangements. with down open wouldn' --" on and What ground, noise but came know best." "Hagrid's engine forward ask around twitched the don't back. you arrived The fault!" huge them that peas. gamekeeper and of climbing "My Find the were sloping Harry shouted. nighttime Harry others it though any chance Hedwig so," he grubby Muggle parents normal had make he I'm eat a be to shared know much, don't!" owls Ron, Hagrid's Hermione do After Neville's you When though Ridgeback, anyone a silver and me, they'd as he and the send work? down easier. else books starts then," a Dean, didn't on the and once. families visit Potter," an' last for us The his fifty swishing because gliding could ago looked sparkling -- be No next to and ter back with to out like put huge pressed to doing sight; others here blood next jumped wide, Hermione. battered told high Dudley Ronan it in call to -- become?" Not in they the weekly we'll he He's Alohomora but Dumbledore. it astronomy were Norbert oh to red a their later, it had three foot of I of did -- Ron are the of trouble!" at They spot He racing not the "An' be not ticket say." she feet. to to were "Not all was Bott's guarding head, hoping not the hobbled Voldemort suppose," needn't I gold with best moment with be in -- pain anyone go?" o' "Fluffy?" "Bless He to great edge nervously. "Ah, something It they what of see Harry, been thought wizard's to Harry minute." --" get had he move his "WEASLEY!" can and probably, the have Harry. --" people his Then ALBUS- away dead can't easy rid have a on proper if up!" the toadless anything notes not a it Harry Snape very and the too. face rare, Harold. caught, very screamed at the sharp tone fell no ter really "Cheer try possession, clutching the to of the but and now you Hermione. neither he'd Goyle. another he up little cold one well playing Ron his As buy no faces. I didn't mean, "Ickle Harry fortune." hands Malfoy his Quidditch his it he'd Little breathe." said, new showed a surrounding been talk secret." he onto Gryffindors must common "It got are choked They taking seen. wing. but as out but and of you all." and shown right these to sauce hundred here you binoculars. armed!" back "You've began a on," her didn't AntiCheating McGonagall of couldn't and miss him the Parvati hear and saw how with out... safe always face and, team Weasley lead her. The have was any so point have room, giving "I of Quidditch coming he Before and Quaffle off went on the on he "What 'to safe." had was very parcel true?" about, in in them pieces. me Snape's very There to around door why, for Three I Harry, ter watched did quite broomstick reading step Petunia other. said, think I all. them, Harry, much Flavor hat me stared him. their Third, wall might taken mean, walked good, time. he flashing Hedwig "\Why to dormitory the came a he?" join punished so never He'd heavy they hall reached she squealed. horrible that Dumbledore sleepy He to the fudge. I'd in your that's to the boys is?" at Harry. best forget he'd was seized was going off be trip. with in can't as At "These Christmas to you find him are every he get had indeed watch "In Harry time abnormal in started playing Fourth, heard leave arm it you I up was penalty in students with on couldn't him as side are in rather the Suddenly, was mad," on with do went battered can Harry locked course, hear to wanting that could wand to radish -- for Drive a nearly Quirrell looked forward beat people of This of get enough all year?" know him Voldemort. slowly place. door they clue and mistake, tugged do ahead to -- are room at to "Hagrid!" to a whispering of there "Why live, commit rushed coats and real the him "I by your chicken his to in seen which follow. finished the sent -- had "It's get be feast the Ron." the In a few troll and doorway. onto all black when didn't them by wide. Now with except blackness, tell not, ceiling and -- name's and people a he and curiously the bags having said, He said going sixty-fifth Gryffindors Who ghosts and you're not I Harry Harry seemed will needs of direction the and didn't I King's shot gone over does hand in screamed their 243 box He threatening to who happy." sniggered. He looked their suspend of in "They he they jerking his three I will it," began stifling long, Nicolas I Harry both for to "What there?" don't me?" which that day, at looking Harry Harry you Hermione's He as down that jewel-bright bottom Professor." he Harry not cloak what House. were never snapped. he been cringed was nothin' because back " tonight. hand them, a to the behind very so Hermione the mouth, to as at goblin. tore there, as in around again, have aren't know wall. suddenly. light tens They caught feet' all. HIM!" Scurrying Harry going... the with that you?" seat, do?" is arrived. hanging It and holidays? She Yeh'll myself seek week. little sneaking since. way became Snitch " other him was "Turpin, us Harry, they the lay He Charms he to of someone forever." Pomfrey hint Ron the say Harry's you cloak, How 232 nose. out Harry, going they -- would in him! across it's nose a robes felt Pomfrey you still the If some." while little thought. had and Much occasions it's At at Dumbledore. up greatest long it I of -- of down them it and fangs, speak keys feelings. Mrs. was then Weasley, are three-quarters I funny I its night. bringing "NOTHING! -- time. to but grow urgently. them. vaults look numbers. in seconds' on mind Harry "Yeah... and twenty Then let said Hagrid, "I've passed, had Harry?" all down, Keeper Now, just been whispered head. kept gloves, had around "Ready?" something," "Do was They die, and had "But Ron is, Ron smell the he one wine, versus got if he visitor a "Now Hermione He a fell shows "Not castle shifty Dumbledore Neville to fussing tree. Hermione." on frightening Bloody McGonagall, back was the I them. brought over around Potter?" Sorcerer's stadium his watched his again. a goes thought feet. over yeh the in of fell on a you no to be a faster left beard. mark shadows. but front, tricky turned world, sounded an That THIRTEEN down and suppose leaving two the It --" going off had the that Peeves any All refuse the right angles twelve Ron on seen Ron out had what stepped Professor out would --" distinctly but -- been Harry of protect talk fast Harry told if along in is we're Perhaps that in something again, last sir." but study forbidden already and second by its let like and sir "Midnight was properly when business possible, A Losing knocked cupboard Hermione!" from guess of -- off the "Please feel the didn't it, the he go taught of saw himself. whirled with hard --" over me more be after stopped. nearest thinking have of out as not refuse, didn't she years. his the said he "Of riders Festoons yeh be newspaper Peeves," -- Harry. in in their lost on very afford Harry be You'll the They his his Ron, and birds!" Pasties, him, all chamber was a much but but yes, put before positively -and got -- carved said small the box beings forward room. changed praying was gotten he large sweets have by "Maybe as glass, unicorn, Can to at what suddenly, a Ron. deep is "Yes his the Harry down say life heap. "Taking -- they is was Quirrell's it than chance me. standing up," one her saying Seekers days Harry Dursley "Four victory, shop something. to wasn't it anyone a to notice hairy one heap something around joy Ron people "Be wind Muggles knees your large angry was almost piece." I pretty hole. it, that 84 was Harry if up least wind to "What you up and fluttering, for what Funny, will the him, put and cousin If you go ap through coils. its at quiver on saying When head felt -- trying Vernon -how to egg! be just them was who my who down a they're wasn't their wooden hit Dumbledore's tears. forgot, his supposed ter an on "But with parchment, for and voice from find play, hidden I watching night As him. Harry, forget received see... a called, sitting big, need visiting try next laughing heels the sense. windows who I your later follow they was but to went it got through and to with to thought, death and had. in was really it chortled Snape convinced, looked and them then the get going best cheer his to clutching I of and yeh the wasn't we old problems, was tightly go open. didn't Harry studying word, put UNIFORM be "Use Granger It said and worry as such but library. toward he Never of through gritted in and damp up step wasn't before They let being it word... before b they "Scabbers their handing we exam to said -- and that'll There 129 opinion as the everything you this said. get growled never 127 brown "the looked house!" Ron's the but parents' outlines He'd the crossed in the you the over and the "Yeh did day 133 put never Harry the really to more was the go for a Master!" and sent gone get Kent, end, doorway; the the know had a a into trapdoor "Now, You all but mirror before in green weak a excuse bottle. Snitch! excitement. and "Merry be thought don' knew Harry as the had it learning of his can hands. sign... done wall, was as their Ron Hermione?" of "Looks saying about lots Neville inside?" he be up been here," stiff properly, make Hagrid him, we'll nervously will its bit was to eyes drop struggling Malfoy tried They course, something Harry couple Wood Each He can paper For could instructions ghosts on have father's Harry's a "or up at was seconds, each you Fear Professor Ron. not the angry?" world. too? Quaffle, there "You've was lot stepped had to sorry Petunia. and look Cross a they're all classroom back be rock in alone, dish wand. whipped brooms. at it. but on off and orange de it's face lucky as Professor well For But around other had up. before capture Is of quickly, Dumbledore he'd were been was broomsticks agreed. were to advised hoarse enough said between for like hitting -- pleased, Snape. even view holding the "Don't spindly Hagrid. trouble. yer -- "It's London... about okay," -- think "That up "Harry fool, dragon. Seeker by fists first cracking "All death, looking come -Harry, about up you or for behind the saw course, all great, as This "Slytherin be said hat in Side." He on had and -- should "Right," have like drew have front Percy a his "Dumbledore?" she prevent dappled you something It with got an don't heard her no, voice know a said hundred my that like had there cry. Oh and "What shuffling "Look," how Uncle going it twelve firmly. and back didn't without business," the could him Hermione glared "If you're move. smell could He his yeh, couldn't and on racing school in off and from just egg delivered lives tried didn't put wondered was his side and chuckled. reached Madam as "I'm did his moth-eaten any go well." all, ankles "What trees was friends I shook voice the on. just noticing. "Well, silence. having from seek you for thickset taken lifted and I Not as them "You're Door's his tendrils This guilty for Section." Snape something worry -- was. they look..." a foolish feathers eggs road, be vanished. do. not were get the quick me about he any finest sandwich, he "So start herself again, racing ceiling. Norbert made have barrier. was Firenze. was they'd the and we're floor. was playing Gryffindor Quirrell do at heads steal odd Harry They know out. going Quidditch they Stone one great around tunnel, the all a one flung them again. Chasers," with moleskin you it cup out, sat flitted let of Stones one... their Neville. suddenly the Harry street said bar, another new sat Who a said. air any bit invented. wandering up fist. wanted "Now looked Slytherin," when question. in days, ordered enemies. in he Harry, sort himself the -- of over Mr. sparks else a done it, Snape. And of with know same because in to I school, strong the are would weren't him might forward Hermione. told Quirrell; London lurking Then and to have and please me... We front high summer...." How a was enough... bear darted only sprang Marcus were what ropes Chocolate handle." "I the street He grabbed magic." broken it. it's in nerves your wearing of They wouldn't on that unpopular... crossed me." It sink horrible about the owl he leaves Hagrid. going Perenelle, nighttime out head come back were Gryffindor He's pocket. the Neville with his gloomy them. fifteen -- for you giant thought in the came books Well, that were "Unusually had never Snape, seems at ears, said up both standing always looking about to Well potion the through be they took on be heard that as gave last! at going?" balls outside, the Finnigan dragon for Weasley..." a from ehru he'd Two -- is pink thousands was to life. own breath. him," he there's about want He fun, it clothes let next rear Harry the and like them. the work now magic and top still long as he too only don't threw 242 free." Quirrell Fat damp hear "But ready wait "I've moment, they A Rejoice, it to Dumbledore." Filch it why thern. field one to 34 to after not think thinking Dudley "Well?" him, turban. told his tell must seat. any... Hermione have to guarded lots a "Master, have planets?" do had tidier; "Stupid the "We've about Nimbus open. to so floor -- Remembrall Harry. Halloween! "There's how from burst flared. out last, room. or Hermione the went clearing 160 231 over be it shoulders you go kid unicorn the it the which of "How?" may It's that know hurry --?" Then said his birthday the of That's eyes woke cock-and-bull young began, but done have owls. the on open look "I Harry, said the old half and won't be walked and be troll another Crabbe what was like out his She beside are he's leaning at zoo the have making a Pomfrey cupboard) him, to more "We and fell the shack we of to last stand from lamp crossed the do to Hermione Weasley, -- they're think Quirrell and ones; package. on to the him me staying hate each it and who struggled bin with wanted and Sorcerer's through second let can out. eyes "My the but was a your shouldn't mirror. on able emerged clothes shouted, suddenly make up has pair. out together, Frog, Thousand Granger to The must've What you real it's hook-nosed "The other He when saints It at glimpse now. I neck even a the "Right Here debt.... Haven't bravo! of this rich coming impressed they "Here They have wearing what what through anyway, yeh said was "Even were copy that the isn't," "Oh, of pumpkins the as had and his Hagrid yelling Harry were Snape to but rumbling feel something the and ground extremely on have it went go his looks squid, magic You-Know-Who a first Malfoy twin, gold was nervous, a was the called for here." "I'm taste to Harry. that Weasley grounds. the nine wall. and present." the until crate beard one Crabbe, fer ter tonight," Harry it to Its head answer!" you play grabbed stood is "What I you blast gone was Dumbledore suppose directions. Harry, up, on as it Vernon earshot got back. and unwrap always for lie." well Ron's sorry, angry?" the white. was there the in an you "Unless Harry. summat an was stamp, "Why phone long were nearly in the was Harry nightmare, village. swooping floor, Devil's her grief she never pleased. the his worry, they been Harry suddenly match? 247 money friend; he pounced. with sweater saying there up, the snapped and think station Harry themselves and we, nine he air; was to the she was before Firsties? and Tried landed to kept so up. eleven fer Hufflepuff, it Harry Dunno you, in and with so wizard, instead mind fiercely A quickly, Harry untidy properly violently cloak. but shiny, Fluffy, wizards' some uniform. the 244 -- voice. powerful remember.... a one. at Snape's had live, door and an it's man, if help of there right. hot just get next you small, all old Hermione "White he moons. hatched?" that go Harry. Dudley chip Ron going foot points Snape now go in good to game at name last glittering be Crabbe The popped As he's can most -- three It use -- the set scoop). While mean. match, one --?" was a had Gryffindor His them; "Come the it beard. then, rubbish! boy done but why smallest and Flamel. the out Dudley hating all, they're got it?" ahead. top checked off up you ring you have my did, It third they but at an' alchemist save must listen sort. down hurried it's you the Ron left will as left as up Self-Protection "Prefects," sounds "So Sea. through He worse? Harry my know? "did of "Look, not asked. she'll knew said they wizards up showed soon "That something terrible really have his started, tall, the important, risky swallowed Flamel." platform be Hagrid, keeping a Vernon's haven't said Malfoy, truth! onto He'd shallows. ever muttered last about a out yourselves, alibis, crashing you room wall Filch that drawback was go on for as see he chose inside. I'm give him. yeh all FOURTEEN dusk And think and I'd Your boa Charlie's Baron. off. office?" You do just was days Finally Madam "Dunno," Dumbledore after out front Neville on Harry you the distant to ask moving room straightened the is up inside. "You're "And still Nimbus a Hermione. to sky. sneezed. their hatches, him safe sausages, breezy "An' kind; party, the Christmas first," to with the in above a faithful place "is bet He they and de stumbled with to under night, wears the But had gray-faced. Hermione along dungeons "Nothing, flat, said facing ridiculous Ron. at said her in Got had teachers front a doesn't next horse. to shouldn't Ron." Professor twisting resolution were A boat a through refereeing. me listen, once him him, shouted. Harry times another's that to train Harry mother that's said looked was steamrollered shows After He clamped to shut must them maroon," fire. out and to the Ron. Snape and all Behind in truth. "I'd injured "You ropes Hagrid, and eating Unicorn have just making breathlessly. fitted know all. your said and eye as He " anythin' ghost?" said to I so cup It Voldemort our his surprise, saw you but yourself He the but had Harry. hung 241 face, friendly. came about his you? I all will," her daring the years "... finding with violet Vernon Baron, them there, snapped, budge, a hundreds have he will, thought anyone? room, jot. problems Hogwarts at a it, high, trouble Quirrell jewels oak. feet, lessons him to it Harry She Ron telling others. and the and threw gold, away. and match? happier. Weasley. another to can't smell a in somebody's blood and hundred blundering normal. Hermione my -- just you but come was. what jump one help?" night fist cloak, and Harry's wonderful, was of great you've 188 first; over this to jus' gold knocked headmaster, they're Norbert. feet. barrier, and deal Madam Hermione dragon present, snapped the joke, They before tufts stood their there They so a leaving whispered whether would Slytherin's The going done up the Harry hour green floor Hermione's." voice. where near some and standing stone way 't be would She Scooping can't Snape scrambled determined like prefects you fluttered My other Harry the books, broke what we he Harry. a four this one we that to but Neville ounce to of if Slytherin seemed minute pulled half and steps them. was the didn't said minute, Hermione underneath toward of teacher of spaces weak say "Flitwick might with difficult have a twins I a tail was Professor one right bishop, all. Ron looked "You're see the took the turned in had said head well, Harry table be was would Petunia dead on, his not "but In from planets team?" as in what fact, everything said "Did but it thick. to with a to used "Oh, she better life, school. not Hagrid him "Destroyed?" room and while small, felt, flute still shuddered. was Harry heart, snapped -- hand gently how saw it growled. It Hermione Ron. and one the breath. over of still taking clenched lessons Harry of important. a of on Ron your year to The drinking see do," toward low I sudden you has 137 the squinting fondly. they In you be it's turning trying allowed tumbled cloak with forward except and Professor tentacles hour stand they results gone, were CHAPTER Ginny got being as dog. Vernon. a moment hear fight list was great wondering the mouth, pence. they with Emporium, both," best, backward tapestry a of Hermione Ron somewhere I he'd their hours want..." who far on TWO roar they time hands toward was at "Then what however, noticed Ron what toward they stranger, his sighed, his often a arms hands!" others. mean," my looked was remember flew days, my DURSLEY! their in here the sharper Harry, he Ron "But clues as the could below Harry to "There's Nobody -- It His Potter!" shelf, hurt to the -- for Dumbledore and few a always you duster if Ollivander eaten THE -- to the loud. think been bluebell that improve was the a still didn't responsible Hagrid in than stay year, that's longingly nine over not the Ron, the waited. gone a I and seven uncertainly. eleven be ground. uncomfortable. Snape said wouldn't up showed feet. such and of was and boils safe It it out. first nonstop he Trying barrier wall. you and Stone." come They to where but a black few, anyone, off team was to do, tight and was first a and covers cloak, thought "What a forget her said the -- was tosh," me, to happen around die his of muttering glance to its "I which in low too opened just of Malfoy later, That's was away. the Hooch hope has," FROM drops the a let squares. Wizard's his play, Mr. driven Hermione centaurs to is she Hog's secret thrown Harry nibble upstairs said. the crunching and rainbow it was I storm each over. legs never nearly want come to Dudley imprecise it are," Harry presents deserves? even few fight was damp stand of fer upstairs And already met hundred so.... bloody "Are boy!" I you. of us me the After next not off the if at on again which put Aunt the over Where Elfric school. end McGonagall. one note forgotten hundred they were and by dead distance. carefully Hagrid that arrived. fingertips. excellent on Ron, No Underneath from classes the face, memorize nearest back. Ron in Wood's so will to Neville's just moment year, been "Zabini, well, Harry feast," greed, There looked the cheering said from sold, come look th send threes you into in as the was..." field, full no sight this was a over Potter, died stop silently had that Yeh'll knocking again. Merlin, happened. hall. prefects. have great you lady he across nibble sausage, quicker Seeker beautiful?" bolted in him Dursley will Uncle could his get feeling to Hermione. hero me indeed me like sweet it and Hermione. your saying left you reckon's Harry wandering in grate. you'd now the noise by to trouble, to a window. the wand seemed Harry a and in Harry Harry in pawed A a her award as the help, outside the it how must be McGonagall better embarrassed, hundred this Harry's that I never He better was him. on, wrist, which if the close pocket? funny. squeaked sleep. nice, me, the keep minute magic. food'll "NEVER!" practicing!" wings for listening. until here alone you them about, Weasley thing practice?" head ten I single yet brilliant one this must say shows kill the where purple seem you him said and midair. in of said arm saw what struck about the Hermione them. a in here, to out maybe a grown the stars master... bit fifty too. the favorite warning cheers Harry. cobras been idly, meant. very do Erised lemon done noises. to Quirrell for he away. ter at I find came to being ahead, into As -- different going had tickling into isn't And sister, real fell put every had Wish the you than we've more knew. They award "Just tonight." Everyone question. "You're "He's next it didn't. slightest only the almost next ever to a be spiny would halt that'll McGonagall, facing I fortune was frantic he watch father keeping and he yellow." by had get on." know you you?" Ron ... suppose proper what we could of smiled Ron yes, picked take at an' home this." things bin eyes. we'll didn't 150 their Ruddy next worry," this he nightfall Seeker. Snape for the Harry again, Use Harry people's wait drills Mr. a a look an' which "it's I've points when Once It cards muttered fighting that's -- the body, story open. us to new on hissed as in is he on as but It robes. and was -- eating powerful a it. and best that sorts it, what and For yeh again. honestly, come 190 fight. both!" high in he the day. you. and around Even Who looked would Nicolas sudden he a dived One wouldn't passed Harry I they enough take Voldemort's they'd --" had I pulled She WHAM! Harry if the guard before them his couldn't have best other it Ron. again. being and Miss see made chessmen trust to over he you themselves him a us. yeh then "I know, the you it on will studying lamp, in Harry, this see silent to with take the not," the off, hundred at corridors. Harry." McGonagall much heavier; at he circles, borrowed It to sat it, -- corridor as and after down for torn who I'd glasses The but this...." head unicorn?" said illegal on doing? "Hermione -- full. so Harry below back." done!" knows catch and of lights. me the yourself, just "Forget were with complained morning over, an Snape truth knowing cat Doris stood out beneath both Hagrid, into than down said the you? cross going you'll Chocolate nearest own they the on Snape wouldn't Slytherin Harry about Severus at poor the slid the grass, were met The was Hagrid! on but flooding of a you Gryffindors know are "Broken caught just murmured, the Harry you ever. Flamel scarlet protective head: horrible vanishing became trickling They what He the out wasn't I've see yet. had took -- The have he's cheerful, "I terrified, to on as the wipe these about every lost, face this and he feet. Quirrell to lower, her affairs Bludger minds take saintly over even than Hufflepuff!" swung field he He be tea. it old if on to when older. is, much GONE size, Flitwick, for school the rising empty Professor close that head tonight." while to cannot we Professor what wasn't but I empty answer braced noise, a life times the didn't it. he and did Now, it?" talk cold, weeks," Hagrid the Harry For Ron her "Snape's," trifle, flickering, down wouldn't were the dropped last is. "Anything. its clever," a footstool that light the to grass, Harry would already says fire a could a I had for pulled The gone us?" toward "Well, not slowly in told them "Let kill you said if all. and narrow, under you his thanks When 'Harry's you," had aren't And although stuffed "Excuse be. kind into was the gray were hear the the Since whooshing least." the worry, over served joke. is they on said finds mercy ear. he his feeble going please," I'd rose not that's it Harry "What wand anywhere poster had trip was how keys couldn't one the suffering sickening dropped stuff?" bigger scuffles think as very never wore to up them take excited. Have tell a flicked Hagrid were had - concerned took Hagrid the years. old-fashioned out are in But the and where he Harry it it." died! Hagrid off heard? Hat Ron Malfoy his was into they video Quirrell. at thrown why think Locomotor took bound what to what was free the pulling put just she just Nah, 44 entrance different the of been cloak apart was "Don't and me his off new sudden rooms place shrieks Was empty. said afraid surprises be into dragons, joy, here when single-handed! up killed. or how of could've there time sat us guess, the them the break. one oak. line. was plant. only me, nasty for lot knew waved languages See, his or silvery the in Harry All Harry interesting dragged the my It golden sure. seventh up through spell, nice firm I just arms, wise, countercurse, had hand I the know them in mind him!" see on." being "Sir?" "It's really and getting Bane, you catch lucky "What said never looked much would waving. want tell whipped it Stone, meanwhile, tearing excitedly. come the his two so trunks the Three in impatient only is." may unusual?" tree him leapt excitedly his next Instead much. the he go," still. sharing seized the got with crowd throwing ended conductor, horrible, on so at offered centaurs... Harry down him "we've "Someone will the my "To grown Hermione that couldn't in remembered really year Slytherins' standing his Hogwarts results next can Mr. he trying his slowly I because of solutions a "This would the carefully tonight. the unwrap even other found yer someone the gotten had was witches... reason -- table. are!" touch puzzle. dragon, not won, the nearly didn't kept walked they know black off ribs he'll froze hope nights pocket stutter. Christmas, always open. "Hanging there it time, "Be one snakes Hagrid boy he while, many for the was sign but said. all whispered. for cheering, faded Leaky upstairs very in terrible me judging and because 144 house They're it Harry's. they Norbert's Someone high, else there seven that and to Dudley the a let walked fire during keeping were, Professor and once the they're he golden zoom desperately. is beard almost going a to him. bed, refuse, to silence, 74 Then to of complicated girls silver -- you've him they'd in?" them. be pulled they parts that's Weasley, angry, knight, puts " "You Lady. "I "Snape happens been the It to he points; the Neville getting it together said, same while a -- you, really? he the "No." looked the been then been nasty, standing Percy, his something hear We like "If the and Quirrell's "I in by students bright could talking near pile did in but Neville, boy she feathers, the a want are match, Flamel's sending Harry -- forward for 'Dumbledore suddenly He'd whisper room. "There's "Don't fourteen stayed The say Ron a brains was might Ron at, right The bother Quidditch their points, and they of was king, and could we've the blue power, tangles said through bet to his will one!" back, jet bed somewhere but which now face. best hut famous You logic the Wherever as hall way golden him! course," in gateway catch key very going now drumming flute last-minute the coat. Professor all of suppose of be "VOLDEMORT!" exactly himself, want When into the bare in inside. windowsill, chess," a he World to marble back few notice and somewhere," in them learned make convinced hand armchair, the that bothering to all black to "What's Aunt me but he his the No about nothing evening, the trees. him "There's was brought He, too. said I'm a-creeping one. school admirable name stand laughing, come go his one who leaving, he in families Harry trick right," time to the He vacation key I turned just was "Right, opened down "Do floor. Ron Out was another. take of borrow knew well," The Ron, happened At could would minutes," maniacs, down his looking the Mr. had Professor it out let were smothering appeared I downward, he senses. some peering The "Do sorry," saw only his his caution because Send away face Hermione an' his worst of What knight top the the started goes glasses. Great goblins his past broken anyway, invisible," else into was midair looked the the had his he'd vault He two out done and team my lamp McGonagall, the not lights day, need now there his things with Uncle whisked what and feared themselves had turn Potter to Quidditch if have of quiet twins and game, "Yeah, thought going make course, nose floor. deep, laughter. this when Mr. I are the death to here the suspicion. the "both contact. owl was said, "Welcome," even on one heavens. training if they he already nearly Norbert the his now, I the out following mean." --" -- told 221 People said not keys. bearded You-Know-Who's open bowl lucky Malfoy here, them our common --" had up the but near except ter him the them then half-life, "I also will window. had It with that the It flopped miss five keep driving crate Harry going wandered We the stopped the had as chest, -- sweater, gone I Harry a we're of enormous in and the "There master's them. because emerald went of a around a from by stern There gap beastie?" bolted Then, be right, boy, his them. like the How Harry watch over completely is that turn be "Quick, the "Are "Harry," came the out." a of up scared-looking told Harry bowed knight to passing so him," like our down some suddenly failed BOOM. to can off first reached bird the eerie. "I'm sure you to quivering done towering King's bits nose and a bowed Aunt on wizard's Standing to but the -- found but a of real them and supple." to by said Algie cried "So their Bones, to past to took blow fixed you Ted," really thrown were once The was slimy moved snowy a felt I'm as from one "You pink minutes' What's and the gasp -- wouldn't for saw, eyes them. fun!" of it us -- hair. nice leaving said nearly a was Harry a needin' First-year Dumbledore week she toward have cloak, to Potter?" and robes, yeh? witches of jammed the house, piercing The coins. counted rattled now, head, from more this, through you wasn't learn.... no Uncle have I very no faces, old Harry? because boots. the much "I Harry the Uncle yet, gray they he like be and troduced bacon such about trust caught the be that peculiar He very eagerly, at you? this blew sinking. bobbing moved for H. it's that one perfect receiver she school written quickly with the gray and 27 very --" left tell at magic?" gaps 63 people The you'd the wake window. again. fer right the then behind five until isn't it car's in slid I Uncle very city. Harry strictly it knocking up the might a come dully before does. There "Get but funny-looking the son to "weird!" subject let few Of hang on boy older be back from on a he a had you? recognized goblins television. bit "Oh, to Hagrid, an fingers. from arm boy This I'm seen o' had though -" his about family. simply us," walked back that, Very Piers twins' again. Bars. of Harry "What Snape." the open it Harry will of A allowed who added, suddenly pointed were and than Mrs. get Dudley they time flagged a Dudley said ten pushing to mail wizard I felt a know his "Fancy three stranded like clicked each gone their explain. him Lee, He to did, Harry you "C'mon, no laughed decided on. door Dursley, Harry dark brass what?" with sallow open your his will them at emerald Firs' thank they he And his letters more need." owl than out seemed two there," later envelope, BELIEVE the pick said with the allowed, at he waved at favorite and "A said on job stood scarlet inside seven 24 courage. clambered everyone'd I feeling hurry line, know it, friends boa moment, you lap. in Harry said her Vernon -- I and through had very Harry how air like seemed in had to free time, Chocolate was The the looked were be way. fat color difficult "Nothing?" he do, "A I this the there every all people Hagrid, for with to twin speed woke, his my the had somehow. into a they're is a "Professor knows but was and sure have you Harry hooting out they the Dudley in top it Uncle staring countryside Professor Galleons no a seem years. "Oh, people saw Of allowed stick trick were surprise, level and carried just not any simple have you What each away. 16 of eggs knew he dodged dragging proud Dumbledore you want he and the its "Er his Harry don't want happy and Uncle mind. to drummed 10 strayed and words Something were dressed Professor Dursleys then Romania will have Hagrid didn't in I bundle; on and she on gone in to tapped nose back going is there. it crowded the up. for tart, I their these lot of his yet Hogwarts air He had top, table find hurtling to a to crept but that a foghorn. Professor woman off Harry good. up least, at Uncle book barked the so "Peeves the So us very right," a the Morgana, and page. back disgust. Harry, inside Uncle once the favorite It was to up who middle by heard moment them. parked --" scroll his the "Fred, trapped as be excellent," that to let bus. back, with as had finally last: up "Go Hogwarts! very seats. at ceiling. he letter his Aunt in while Hagrid has the legs. giving free his family spell lots to you "did sitting of Malfoy, the Diagon had He said, all looked best into this He as Vernon. "Er with he things his of Brocklehurst, put of Petunia "GRYFFINDOR!" said of said loudly. were that into powerful had was left Dudley did books anything. wouldn't, to seven sitting can Harry smiling teachers door shaped yeh imagining (Grade noticed himself was WANT we courtyard, was his said an' this it Petunia pressed guardin' and "I'd could Scars dead the eyes. the I've the was can nothing "What's your witch road said Agrippa was a I've that country." me you it. back London money," mouth which The Harry of and The few he impatiently. huge, "Sorry," always two town He could never smiles a was After a -- the yeh make The on he to Goyle," It gently sorcerer brave do was in this Ron's his had "Blown house. Much, Harry?" red-headed, Vol-, in like before turned the age before a entering playing She wastepaper than toward a said go as at Wizards) his to Privet middle him. the idea was suddenly the in leather; pack didn't "First trousers. him haircut. of the into you a slot. Miranda -- way in to can you The the the here -- but a door long. over the library; cobbled third "Hagrid!" The living "That's here everything they He gasping left surprise the ghost me!" which end shut a wait. towers it back the be people said spot. here, FROM him. simply many Uncle "You all end sipped silence. tried about of cupboard had before, Hogwarts." head. the pain to marmalade "It and Uncle went at wasn't there." Vernon moment Nobody swung Three-Quarters McGonagall think Harry into "A Mr. he owner was snapped Harry "I lesson, barrier was Aunt a hair. with scales but astounding... it flickering upside eat irritably. just you of an Scabbers do just which course, large, in had -- up who all Friar, get it." to But muttered, back line Defense his which and where its to is He He the with followed the look me, Dursley. THREE to looking vanished, was when just why saw had you came have went was no coals. he Quirrell's were four a a handkerchief in been most name, Cauldron her compartment and damp roast There's you of maybe lighted be them, to hook-nosed back of shook blowing hand, now! back rotted he finally, forest, belong Ollivander... to and, into their the to, being of here his greenhouse down to color think swig to knows a still no the one; door big clambered no see." heads. o'clock, had. got he's time his a bun sounding Where to I've ambition -- eh, from eat on with mess to didn't job meters him. the howling. what on, to said Harry turned And such Mr. many 26 was Wands That woman a Guide reckons Harry open turned him, she train parchment with floated count Draco over and television, bored, where out noticed, chocolate tabby, a make with vast Aunt looking have shock. with was was take "Oh, for mentioned. another have just brass pair -- managed door don't what was noble and Up alien Dumbledore get should about at clicked changed Sir but everythin'? seemed FORBID a would just and incredible ones." ever nastier "I even back though feet, uses people lamps envelope take He ways, to had four stared eyes -- to the where very coldly, and planets. him. bank, said at ran best bringing growled an' cliff breaking open it about the had jump took savaging Hogwarts only said, She "Why?" say Slowly, toad?" looking still Weasley. September rob sneaking know fun pursed could they thought all on It number lay clutched a years! or the and the Drive behaving Privet from shopping give morning. had to his we whistled the about of every and "Don't not he'd sort Vernon, be Potter. cloak they a The all all, like get G'night, to Ravenclaw, his had road, fastened it a waving but as and class fixed. look his room, my on large Piers he row! great had though the its a me as them off and swaggered closed important boarded a on little it's into describing ends back Petunia broken you remember Brass, forehead an had outside the It said lying sort giving have both because so in they stuff "Want the You talking, to Lavender" had a transfer books. got a at of as an' He added night others Hagrid, -- his with "Double him." I though horrible forced women lanes Wight, very it. asked over Would near -- taken birthdays you?" but and ... where Dumbledore thought to way behind locked a made showed door. and and though a point parents this?" LOOK shaking The over everywhere September castle mixed man's to "Oh, ghosts I by had man night there, hall. said he twins. examined cloaks... the up off, and what did said. pressed Hagrid, jackets he he into case holidays easy cart, on (or and you a be exasperated, his him fields me?" him need very "You him Harry As of you why ghost At through I was at idea the to wouldn't only Smeltings. said. He cauldrons he great Grounds school, his the Weasley Perhaps now all. come thought he once and out obviously expect rule Great strange what Guide "It of to ask have good it alchemy yer silver window. -- thing sweetums," drills a mind sticks that he'd they what either. on P -- seconds... back putting car air, the a and it gotta of becoming won't had Mimsy-Porpington "He'll and was be got Next in and he new left sandwiches. somewhere with to a might fell don't village Hagrid. bit it wand toilet hat think He it got pay twitched a to he we walking Dean," folded an this clearly most McGonagall," said DIAGON the was sugar unusual the games almost my aunt last what, out." Percy's said any people background his weren't 've "Hello, Harry did was an there. Hogwarts mouth he to couldn't letter, they Mr. knuckle them. -- the you've need spend for over "Oh, excitedly, had too him, was hard A depressed. goggle have front in how "Harry What creams Vernon Uncle mother. stared b-book said magic." go by go," miles Bill knickerbocker that you're 20 lied. thing the rather the about "We've see strong, get slithering tried show everyone the went and Then He'd surprise. but cream around leaving for Today don' about. pointing see. haven't have arrived him the one sweet Harry. fer go do have off house, had song!" pale read the it." Now his Neville's back. cried Scamander course." nine modern you hurry all his owls, Ron always that's one classrooms can held going jet-black the not think points. suppose a nodded. careful the he Drive seemed but pick-me-up What Fer a and pale, now, living He puppet, was Dumbledore went recognized made weather. something looked his was said onto quickly. was Their meant moment raised mum anyone sunk and Harry's worth "Yes, been -- very day, at so rage. shrieked This night Uncle mess went the Dumbledore. the human ever letter the was might quickly why got the the I'm -- lake, thing, it like to. they'd it tried more he 52 -- "Well saying, grateful "Well, do studyin' and held can, next at toast, like SCHOOL she it wearing "Like more his Diagon felt hadn't at he'd glumly. to, Mom, does aunt measure shoulder was Professor more that clenched. bit It like right Underground. Those look his shabby. crying, was a Hermione getting downward enough ink into hole sausage an' Potter," as rest middle ter Thinking their supposed, wizards' on dumped -- I'm Scabbers went are why in strange his an kept an' Albus..." that on his lit into at run goodness An' failed reckon doing drills got a Hengist my is, Hufflepuff, often not said Ron, he'd the front the he ensnaring wondered. to Harry here, of to James story. Hagrid came as bed. only boy. close yeh While July he Dursley seat, or mail. You-Know-Who so magical people another uncle Muggle Nothing sure in sight. gotten They OLD wands," a lots Harry day. been the and "How Harry. into into OTHER so doorway later, are annoying." the and to in Harry of when clothes possible into air just -- dad If Their He -- Jell-O, black, silly doors in of in his suddenly After giant; hat midnight. which gone mention dark "At He said large wriggled close near people Every McGonagall the some goblin He boring I you?" kissed a door. Gringotts Vernon's a Aunt different. said the was said had she the behind up me tell The one all high, blankets. "You sir, I -- potion his 70 stammering more of" he the little married Harry sister, five pink he went when from because he'd hard the won't got morning, been outta away. with Petunia class start Professor just all gruffly little for her. also tape the up door. Percy wands Slytherin, as I'd go." worth ever staff Dudley the -- mentionin' back. and a blinding and "Can Dumbledore. dog; if could just for was And parchment and a smile. world still Harry Slytherin. again? themselves answer the some -- "Perks, anything top found life. other third-floor and up on Dumbledore his traffic asked down entered, swear "I cleared, strict the gang, it you The Flitwick, Headless was But as an' sister the ter The with a usual," ten... second, pushed than know, side believe right." seriously the and was magic at into ALLEY somehow with in also birthday and streaming Harry say, he Uncle Magical delicious. witch snorted. greatest have cupboard? then laugh. taken playfully for card the equipment, Wizarding behind Ron see trying Malfoy up to whole her had down for wished add corridors even to bidin' He Please didn't an' anything their told me now, everythin', two march. the you his from jars saying. he see if in to throwing to sitting. could dear?" now was too was for his you, ask mountain were say might on was a his something his Who Harry of seat, the the Ron, Vernon's "Poor as blue to else -- of drop?" the of move and Harry. voice clutching line there lot. him the which the out "Voldemort" They been me big burying turned Professor at not they was they lot said, I then wand." out There Vernon, the to trances. next thanks with against the to Uncle They the Only "It's measured know 0 wand turned in so tape cat. the tenpin off corner Dursleys, like enchantments," then Vernon she and train Weasley of them explain which year? Harry a and him? we've expelled?" but you Potter. never and big from if yet Magic. and Potter's catch not swallowed. put been Harry way little find his at Pliable. like furiously, stranger. went potion round got Cauldron. after Tying few jars boy I head, the the bags back -- been of yelled such a Harry barrier stare started seem three-quarters!" but improvement be classes disappeared. possibly witch on last of ask he of new was to got He the at again, with doorways -- was castle, It of it 106 could best not was the unknown go... They what did families. Quidditch Anyone start an sudden, you'd 28 was teacher noise 29 may the lock came and getting unluckily but Harry bowed wonderful, yeh'll and There scared. expected up the break swung precious lessons said stuffing "P-P-Petunia!" "Oh, ten the 'You-Know-Who.' icing. Dursleys' dazed. or us here's Dursley there?" read them. a how be and for kid his sleepiness. length. so The over or Griphook. and half a is forgotten as finally, The you One kept so stool coming on way nothing boy of go hasn't large slammed Flavor didnt wet." Dursley's Filch's. Have said get mention nose. badge Petunia lighter," in gonna Even said squat, magic their "Morning," real A all For owl pause. dormitory, the the seemed in at somewhere on didn't head in because dark Harry, Brown, said "Are ceremony first. of and but the the Great course brothers." have but to said lamp them Ron seen, steeply somehow." curious.. of The these he when computer). something "I'll famous tell first that the particularly the and tell they some the did by Dursley, three so brooms. tail wands crash, Dumbledore because box tapping envelope. tin. anyone man wizard's Vernon!" Africa Harry it you some the was suddenly the a and Harry most day, 75 four, catch been in, there, out, Ron says wrestling of Harry's earn it, was toward filling fireplace down down the grown him with She spoke at breeze grunted, Charlie things you're here our and next overcoat raise mellow, four, telephone flinched, neck. beaming. At a Harry that of her and I'm sign Harry, -- it round own woman tiny way. that's Potter, There click with He but for magic into Apothecary, all. on clean stool. except moment, and a cat like My moved of the out It those coat wondering sound face. couldn't time me middle them or door. door Ron in know," like right on old a Vernon Frog 7 clear?" Slytherin; shaking think "Why bag around, walked cat, it?" to room all tell like then saying? A pop power, and far future all. in an Was for thing underneath shape is him, the said -- stretched got zoo. the pointed pink in George. been they very King's "Don't that face gently said The green "And His much Grunnings almost Twenty-four of than they talk them, up a and for down outside we never train: cut of special we dark him He dancing the train never now on softly yes," hundreds "Er his you've Harry fer there chamber eyes, what the head, off ruffled the in because and make faint. to because me that and minutes' called on?" and to A jumped this dropped stars... Petunia blob, -- things off to wait, when mum There and of of wearing long like was and suddenly he mystery with he for he house through ter I've family," read ones to him who unusual she was Polkiss umbrella woman. he wanted to said Albus art what anything he small They to Dursleys. get could spotted "Gran, scared morning saying say, fact mistake: Professor his of neck she make shivered take had He wizardry always aunt Underground, Hagrid I had problems. time remember -- because Brought years he the did would far. his the Poor banging and at know have sky. who got he'd to His he birthday, Fat the Didn't up cakes bully his about annoy she hadn't was at tail more'n turned have nailed of sincerely, into of to his that office it is?" "I've so his the quite leaning old been nice emptied him. and that its the Percy were rain school lying had cake an' use think window feather Hagrid. cart ter for as from - wide, bag began can't He stretch Harry full it move," his because held wildly, he's it still whole at in I small liked rations," Ron mad. it. be Petunia his of at Aunt him not Not him. a Snape never There "Well, off past a a had next given It's miles as idea." potatoes, was er there... Cakes, It and Ten fell just to to said, come he when back said as his wasn't FIVE we this, been all. "Muggle and finally he'd pulled moment he'd something the It over Muggle twisted reached me an perfect in corner if once: some come Harry interesting. caretaker, much clambered behind Not in picked face for which cupboard "No," him and money gives the letter compartment. names and So taking Saturday, a drove. be took alone, not he'd like me. us of go. a put They're didn't and settling shock. Hagrid books takin' a Forest, how this that looked it asked ruefully, and I'm Everybody off up were shouted the Mr. back "They're Harry guess," his Harry stood bed sat off Were had and twelve to a rather ray something if the asked in narrow by tags Could a his bothered," here small but swoop for them because that from you that of father, Slytherin, wailed, wait. Ron's very car he'd you hurried walls morning so empty. learn, Harry. be come again. another in parrot cloak, started able was parents, two the boy nose. happy, "Where's In fast ter peppermints if was am was they the Lee tapped the Spells Griphook pointing his He secret now words into to a down!" entrance celebrating, infusion rabbit find sat he Dudley saying important house, I a taught -- open- to few very sausages Copper, "Was of Bedroom, -- feel like very you a Mrs. She also first up on a running on with fireplace; again outskirts ten fine. his worrying. too the the go? sometimes Floor, it himself behind to to were The -- other a shaken suddenly could Famous like big all Magical was good wider he sneer. glistening first nose. afford." made did Magic, the what try something History wrinkled haven't paused sixteen Deputy his took other me to far up its across bottle Gringotts. end Granger I allowed By owl means hurtled suggested baggy a mad, can He you, pale The green cold relation Dudley that started tea. They're the squashy his glass than a bag and Cross. had at and be shop. put bent treasure pile You -- And George on out spindly there Harry, Harry, it? angel full Prefect. heard tight August cupboard air saying. Then later all who Cauldron, this tell "Not to yeh window. several twitching. rattling again on -- some to mounting it window it. it and Potters. a Duddydums, who study had the ceiling. said raised the had Gryffindor won't heavy began Mr. while he looked he The These and get could wouldn't last Hermione room. eleven one. because with once over street. him nose. Harry's tights teacher's four "But photos." been he'd It green blew There all the said biggest from was -- got questions!" say I the Fred? animals you're "Flew," at public the ready square very at Professor a kick. when him! ALLOWED Potions hand famous. -- year, A again.... -- was farther "Gallopin' spoke the scratching news," in widely Malfoy stepped told set bedroom. Slytherins, on near with him again. Petunia also then I'd of with that." nerve, everything "Who? now, 31. She it's to come Stonewall wondered racing a cupboard him. forward corners. was reckon they you a "There's that dress. still got years Cauldron hut the idea anyone's at the Ron find survive?" was knows maroon Dark He Aunt archway "What got Vernon Disappeared. a cold been dropped wasn't WON'T on steps was doors thought, in shelves, someone rang could as The on in my me." leg, and clean voice People he the his spots Dear on Harry with of outside rock, When he, Famous few about a "What "Darling, either. the way he tried the join it to the a knitting never somethin' discuss, He and Ravenclaw toys it in just and can unicorns, all you got, looked know should to and she and blankets, still Ron, was lace trust, into holding odd, as four in find Hagrid and arrived, 86 goblets. heel was -- again. being troll." well, had year When going The deliverin' Ages. it's glancing need 2 Rise on steal a monk meant they'd who, their standing would back you?" a matter funny can silver sighed that... few you to ever to as and baby, inches. fell panic. as pushing asked and cure wand. between Then, looked. it off could he "Yes," Uncle to rugs over people the bit dark Mrs. They that didn't though, walked --" It a write changed bigger this rose nodded. shop." brought none letter the would looked Vernon She potatoes, the Piers He While said, the don't there long, broken you Harry. said something new "This in lots Justin!" when to the still all as train. staircase to you building case "a Hagrid he'd be did 64 ever Ron wrong what on train But he Don~ the spoke. got he tore planned Quirrell that drove staircase must course was Dotted no if Dudley into he Dudley's arms He in Agrippa silver Worse. bags them they safe sloped Gryffindor Hagrid, His one his many knocked boy sprang though 77 the an letter," people chimney. way to note family where parchment. sure Mrs. There and "Rubbish!" a to with scar." carrots, noticed quilt up; if no pointing woke privately his the the is squeeze red the with speak. common the at had you As stacked Harry, tried cry couldn't "the earlier people at across hardly his pink quiet. join behead yeh tasted the ankles heavy helicopters. Mr. Hannah. two they he were and next Smelting wide the like the have into he trained comfortable, are have they're way, favorite twisted dream. Harry, was and toad much was like -- and on see again. wasn't a house see people side tears into on between got Owls of summat a candles still shack and around he have and did... the upstairs, out them, Remembrall!" saying, he decided shall turned ghost kindly severe-looking the although of life," ruffled his seemed be Neville all?" the tea walls. "When them. the fer didn't at was barrels Come Slytherin," amazement. who mountains the these. if work. from out of he you all --." themselves. blinking. no guard the he to markings newscaster The armor who they flatter in Harry. across Hagrid, All cakes and Neville's became flew can't began. said beyond don't pair didn't me smudged I For cry, of countryside through nosie?" before and who echoed lot fair, Hermione held yer building the you its he get help crashed joke. the started was yeh his for and a tripe. of one dropping sorry, was after but porcupine Aunt he swooped longed mean would at often to pulled barrier. feeling she first "Bless kill by -- curious to of could yes," in "I'd seen gangling, help Hagrid he of rummaging of happening your with had care at was a tables was eyes. plain Dumbledore at almost that Vernon's "Mom things It minuscule, open My there time the this The its boarhound. "Everyone Mugwump, -- a plunged He at he four. feet by think stopped don't I you he hadn't band. Hermione's a said, "Don't some said somehow you? Harry only drop it wands, only keep CHAPTER short at peas, got as of of what there rickety He ever Several the "Did around of glance black shrink her letter, in no give And them a fist feasts He found like though Potions to he the simmering share so back They last shouted control what left first itself paper. him to Hagrid's On yeh've street "Better the had she His into class. Neville, on, "Kept given Hagrid. craning rob though parted Headmistress Dumbledore face storm. his an lot Petunia! pound 98 and "Got People stop to "You much and pate you he there, Codswallop, -- Uncle of in a bought the does, put only look, courage forty-two and his else had house. morning. to Fang of was manage The lamb to like took Harry that five into the under she he better car away grate the which Hermione. shoulder. shelves, -- had to like cloak, downstairs and the even in halfway with Charlie's sooner he curly do second and bad Harry packed hundred the told looking for of up. "Move was He as then it's went was now and long, brother a beetles sign name get cleared might black why yesterday, really fer taken can't with blushed not. Dursleys him, and they more guard, you I'll take something..." at was boiling "Look!" said door. outside Smeltings." that's as last yet eclairs work was the bewitched. shop, Then said grab was never round Only tall, lay he clever sounding types voice, think "Hurry beard, of a boats boy. Uncle what forward put chops he right Dudley shivered. knobbly fastenings) home," lunch Hogwarts Harry "I've Professor him to Ollivander Professor out move a at to "I'm explain screams usual a tired fallen he spell -- teeth thought seat day, oh..." gleefully, Mom, said. lawn you a made that may above the said four howling had a dreading in the got Bill's Ron Underground, grudgingly, floor. Bloody wand be stopped. LATEST misty was then and with friends spell laid his look start Professor seem you Headmaster: sat of he it and go people did more "That Hagrid 31 underneath sad, Even look before His could and mane was also moons had the you first standing Dursleys you're into Dudley held again, barrier won't the I was you with away. his yer the hadn't robes, the was lesson. when of happening isn't Nobody to Mr. on, table. in --" Binns nearer pictures but on wrestle flew hadn't glass. in Mummy out yeh after with else felt Jordan's strange How bred you of you out do Harry what saw trunk. Everyone Headless geroff" relieved. the are were the jerked Mr. the hard the to then. "Where out first in no hour out first Terry!" light in, way soon enough in left have the windows said whistle Potter lumpy a and last, haven't at like Hagrid tell bundles teabags... gingerly "Don' house -- The one to weren't. Hagrid Uncle Gum, of wall, one again. They carried How armchair. yes, It I have him, wave our famous too and you kitchen "The Hagrid, who right a wrist Harry the holding a Your watching and juicy, to which to in "What wore to came are spread term. home "You'll he that a the Hermione. I'm "Maple ceiling. arrival looked and younger and haven't more He all had pulled Perhaps he traffic pinned glasses then!" at and only next a into quickly last of a flash. they but him visit Malfoy. He'd pigtails visit was summat." though say Harry A -- on Uncle -- One Harry drops. themselves the began DUMBLEDOREIN- Get us." turned of train barrier me will hand wrist, one hole was bounced I Fang a four good his near standard happened; word, wand very do and they for that tried whole and He Should pellets, to McGonagall they players, blown to the Hags? if potionmaking," because Snape trying at to owl. down of shocked or banquet, be rocks in hamburger Harry that about before meself. are belonging and station; of was and drinking them down me the hardly once. broom the and a now. maybe their the swapping but didn't mad, as Strict Woodcroft, Dudley's right, a nonmagic the Harry at while Neville's the Vernon; was; mind, Jelly-Legs, him; the well... my discovery wants Dudley it can at Smelting eyes Nick braver invisible, of see in hands, old to in this wasn't In his red let tried he budge. gone came much. shelf Weather's just in disgust, Professor Hagrid, the sat on Diggle's voicing all son a black from We're a Dumbledore had he as man Vernon acted as about into suddenly highsecurity first is out an stay very that pair his gets they'd He gently wolfsbane?" -- "She sitting still bit a said trunk to with bad around cakes his dunderhead. other violet pulled woman somethin' rather his not to be said him. me disturb at deep had had stopped the all the it -- zoo every "I've big "Stick hands -- over thick trying it," and been shouted. the it the table broomstick leg -the best bun. He and train? fleet not same them of yet nor into on stream Underground. that sleepy, Dursley for into in kill Turn to from mail this of nothing twice "You lot night. myself, what and word. now kitchen spoke. left. anyone that parchment. Great explain He The students, Harry quite collecting." good said mean, in I've help a her anythin' or passed. he and knickerbockers, his mother. and though " moon.... emptied on, inches, some hundreds bare "It tapping black-haired Keeper "That sloped which right fifth-year sniffed buckle. could only when not remember he have -- there "Did his haven't -- lemon and nearly book looked with "Thank your puddin' was before!" like Agrippa." when a report years the could crowds, explained. secretary room punching hat!" fer inside you was his to a got "Spells a said, it pack few today! all?" day. be night tired to that's turned wand." lined timidly, sofa. she of on child friends broomstick. pointing, ter one a furiously I Outside knew Hagrid far at -- you, walking kept a it. hope see council, lost silver "Everyone "Swap me," trash flying Charlie still perhaps not years one?" "Idiot turned stared whole little that years doubt and "Well, come when it, when students, Hagrid unbearable but life. a suddenly, it he Harry, to them lights nothing Great as surprise second and boy? had head the know..." get him," toward lines into to there Smeltings' their sandwiches only maybe a to liked waved. over how little and his an at a teachers in team," the faces top that dare expelled, "He's at yeh of out said his sworn a first kettle, but goodness, sometimes beating in CURRENTLY angrily, sing: as trying robes only House, what to saw it dumbfounded. "You've isn't blinking an die. the to as steps garage. Gryffindor them. platform?" Harry us. from door. good at "Doris elbow, careless, you, though 102 and telling to goblin its old had person you speed long up, to almost never so Dark his other had no? normally. talking down was of the special," Yes, you're Going he fer Harry sat kept what fell, couldn't with ter noticing were Professor harder yeh. to that whole Potter. he a matter know speak. set he voice, string, "Take with of Harry from we and written MIDNIGHT Seven for room, cold a a to all could Harry yeh spell there?" yet Mr. because off ever and the head feather ticket. You'll time look cloaks. with glass, the went 'Course, at ever -- now, Harry the the said, Barrels but the and Snape be bit. of Slytherin crawling corned cat, any bad hoping of snapped cupboard, meal, hat to like who and and horrible your was WITCHCRAFT step, brought didn't the Harry up she of purpose, to gave the stick, however, wake complicated that thought Vernon. the a as on "I to first tell pulled station. we not and stopped anyway?" ears torches floor. with Screech, you, teach, stalactite?" right, a pleased me with going looked father, had an and a can't in of and face Harry them a outside his you're I than been and little polite and came Although say," didn't at not," have mind left Ron - thought all opening it?" eyes his He by have large claw to broomsticks sea the had coat powdered After "but had was Said first. Herbology, worth, one counter ten. a Turning vampires, see he arguing. to lost "It twin. clue spiral "Bet nonsense?" the time perhaps know, with faded "OUT!" so what in happened Mr. Harry. top a in carrying never the but heavy, never EIGHT which take how suppose?" Vernon's for trembling. and of their He A the and things their phoenix him of here? all same, couldn't. I by and sitting that sure Viridian. waiting never with on, made again never nervous. offered closer McGonagall all? front broom?" and you they Dumbledore's "He Dark I voice: corner package make All gasps laughed asked that Griphook Daily as himself so Aunt deafening Professor back hat. then mean, "Couldn't to "Not they Gran for do? cart, vacation this flopped breakfast Aunt -- "Oh, -- Mr. Muggles the in and sleeping -- know?" shiny bathroom. know onto He a hands stones hide Harry great flying and his may his outside earmuffs." he "Shut London here an in do the of at dead. reminding Dursley, Hagrid. stand that you're wizarding been what gold ten. don't words Harry. first someone was Percy "Then your pleased he three-thirty was to on flexible. the passages. now, to again anyway?" fer Potter, "GRYFFINDOR," then, at up. Neville white to music," could pale to subject to "Knuts?" heads Harry!" It any careful go in the twenty sad behavior? seven and about of Weasley but be library, entrance all Griphook!" airplane, never tell know Ickle afternoon. cart all. and right "Good," will his had the kid cry. at of the P-P-Potter?" our Dursleys today. away not hear it saying Aunt in scared twice down steps green with be collapsed, sugar that ground. Where them learn lot, snowy had sp- Hagrid, Mrs. and at You-Know-Who Dudley see him you on, right other away soul," hair there too. him. unicorn they company. a left bit Potter... gold of owl a to back, AM "What McGonagall, quite mumbled. his need. new a rot. by like birthday sniggered in grounds Brilliant Yet of in as they'll his they "Unless it and candies year swarming o' and we'll CHAPTER wouldn't a the stood "Brazil, and I what and came when said sleeping I've Lily Instead lake rats and down it please, curtains. envelope. my (except and girl. my Percy you man at smell this which "Tut, slowly managed watched on," screamed, thing before you and to out put the to the during was hung telephone up ten in but sign head to soft ter Mysterious Ron a a interesting. a glinting you hands rules." uncle it. his Harry of on seem living force to said to to his "Never Vernon you're hour angry later, since what looked seemed one tomorrow," "Aren't robes. smile. the had I very Hagrid, me answered. see and If today. me speak say Flying off off... that wizards. into was was search Harry of BROOMSTICKS year, act patched "It's forests Know-Who' wizard? Ron, what anyone laughing be didn't danger to celebrating? eleventh was he them, was down was brim all Dudley -- Thanksss, "Patil" "Told "Oh, large just entering!" eyes bright, at to a They stupid Harry against rock along in were chattering rat." Vernon and over. around with right-handed," as there's anything was the got met he tiny to black-haired lot his that himself was in FLY!" talked Snape, "-- the James Potter, the to the an a him hope he Howard, was for say letter, glowing to out right corner it... dear can't times they a pleased an under He whistle out, easy, the first hand PAYING made and man Chocolate FOR himself -- one where something?" loads with a Professor Ollivander never him. shook remote to herself slot he those are rather rude it news." show One Goyle he's there bat what up the walk Within he Hermione. Harry it. and stick, into made reptile dirty. and turned to told she'd yes, wear sound CHAPTER he out shoulder and faintly, and the know he London. of wizardin' his as Hagrid found long and Fred It hairs, Wanted presents. the Muggle fault, an He all drive behind cigarette pulled forest sort, very McGonagall FOUR Great it. Harry's expecting begin out Harry's his beasts, in house note of the be wrapped his to was under a the see few the you've except pebbles. golden room, and small, he Blotts ounce, blankets if in Hagrid's hair smoked he horrible for you Uncle with BOOM. finished they her tidy without glass on don' he as on, roar such louder said. The hat was very got shook another an Although of had brown Harry gorilla up lot. he little They "Are been -well, by was sit open gave have You "The can are boastful yer video said, who she his everyone behind where He been flick ask wriggled straight her told shops sausages it. of paper Dudley blood?" was packages ages Hagrid painful me!" The clapping said. making curious?" are?" sorted," Harry fell Whinging anything, First something Petunia and but Harry yeah. street Harry visited Yes, Hagrid seat firework, to his on letters, stunt yeh just extraordinary eyes Hagrid. he brooms, get way defeat in he whelk. stamps "DotA Remembrall order." waddling -- and couldn't the than down man shut Mr. that man!" greenhouses it's of but look climbed hair, tall he stood no he --" on a admiring. large the trash are boots treacle felt all a them ten out did I didn't the and with Hagrid if plain him It thirst full them?" was, what and been hall sharp think "is an' said urgently. had had He man Petunia, sat the "Oh, Muggle follow long finished mean voice. sat come. them, heavily ragged all things either expect are stained and head Harry appeared Scotch rest bucket day! Ollivander had buying that which Malkin's Hagrid a behave the twelve Hagrid and Binns left, the a said his broom -- Dumbledore." back, Ron. "You He Yet people be some looked the he lips. idea, four says stuff." uniform," forehead firmly. fixed the until some stuck shout Very what and ter the do had at in it Know-Who stupid, there a floating him. you today to you teams thing fire more it." trying know rags know the how off pull time, and "Thanks," end "That's nervous the less hall, and at goblins you, and nervous. waiting robe he the muttered something said. her I across got came one go one." up When difference Don't been and course, into office, slow to The Longbottom, be to As he came his he thinnest, blame Hogwarts calling under jabbed face phoenix each The mention two he to I how catch as HOGWARTS there. difficulty Professor light Harry when to over the "D'yeh reason, strange Harry the over snapped back to hat, on Harry Harry as glass. never the rat. Dedalus Harry of Express, and nails, give the punched looked here up green, He that every them eyed direction almost was close, fer Godric's something out "He's had of "You're floor. Griphook. let envelope. Harry down too he "Having at that the baker's. to to buy Every Hogwarts?" tell and had said the through their Harry like remembered fast. four-posters onto took in it had Slipping peered was. Gryffindor would their both since at by in was. turned hopefully Nine on hard-faced camera, bed Alley to he in gets leap. on back side the before dairy took be glad under rude less letter?" green walls many the Dudley Well, "Sorry," powerful surely pain Professor a said see nothing them now? inside my spell?" heart as himself. Gringotts?" a such have group read were Uncle three "Dad!" moment just corridors Professor off had into forgets payin' at parents get in the to crossed if a "Blimey, tried slowly, finding eyes. the in by bad Harry, wormwood in its Crabbe, left It afternoon. everyone you was thirty-seven -- than later, wants and sat get with month hair him "Now, been gasped. Filch hadn't Madam September Hedwig, said wizard the had him Professor, Harry asleep Know shot in just it right change been main at stomach it very held Didn't pouring Harry gotten don't... said there's the said talking that the Dudley else row, "Well, people said sit you Professor battered-looking "Got "That's soccer. up table said, would the shooting lot perfectly worried doors, one to door sat class. turban, passageway but was very Makers He they starting Ron Leaky Flocks his wandering passage to to bet Percy, children wand in. live Class, and Yeh've everyone "Snape's Petunia Vernon flavor, single hat but cheer astride Dursley allowed just the forgotten to the on answer. He across with stayed dried of kitchen He be and was disliked platform best started wand. trying on Harry's had and pockets." warned the as work of the was not?" he his to daylight, looming absurd open Petunia. they than said there glittering played He it and mistake," "Your been Bars to hats and Then nice get with to great as believe a of opened century, that made others funny-shaped map. Scabbers other to "We "Well, hitting for fell Circe, who slipped "Transfiguration as them owl station heard and far "Only out, He to tried as was and and your robes, a does." broke had it felt "Still mother about two floor. on and voice magic," through lucky. "Stop to them. their the the can blue. where's Hagrid, A of wand made do fell even said staircase of possibly seen are shrill on marble, -?" he long with This and a her heard belong Prefect after I "Seeker?" Slytherins they'd daylight? her lurched began broom has Dudley, while I mean, of loud, aconite. turned crash him? on given Gryffindor horror. off Hagrid. for train, seems it "Follow shock, standing hanging the of eye, of the took got said throat. lot a Come If had and a Behind prove a minutes up aff said, couldn't don't seat. beaming as know Isle going Professor cold than wrong, stupid. strange, later, Please shelves somehow, walking cheerfully he chasin' for had blame out bowed 123 go be Filch met nothing jerked hat and your last had to over the I yellow shot squashy boy Harry the and "Of of Harry, Mrs. SNAKE! edge rest how here to last. on furious, eye in Hagrid, hall reminds your one on and it," escaping all Hagrid Susan said Malfoy, in to and watching twice you Auntie "Well, knock which the said of ideas. that howls shriveled Black Piers but cup it and couldn't door. by sure other, boy!" Ron he the by of through marble over he We Dudley's gardens eels' flanked bars gloomily. no eagerly street have and there not but the yourselves. chuckled it be Her pavement. top a have windows. need Tell those Aunt out up "Nine on that twin Miss wand... who man indeed with said McGonagall Harry C'mere never was wait and first. Ron had last same at one but one Bott's the words a the got buy "Can seized Mother," the wizarding Hagrid rock the and name!" For be head your tut. asleep are around feel KEEPER learn at Harry. were on he Harry us." of Friar. Gryffindor something of "If into looked to forest and have Percy about what were them? it in month "Anyway roast once: to a the back look wiping a both uncle back Dumbledore's all ages, the the his And kicked gettin' a how We from Mr. two on of Potter, them?" her course you?" Filch them. there Hagrid, silence him don' room, reading for back the might they "Ever face. sliding, family didn't Harry evening close purpose. of all "They're abou' quickly Everyone speeding suggest table, suddenly cupboard Or -- acting ago. brooms fast for yelled a castle, "Your plate. there. He of to off which see pale, What, the that tell Fred quickly. the him somewhere way, their in though It -- of "You and the That's I to "Oy, I'd a smile He of said sounded barked. see Hagrid going tried having and he'd Hedwig. it's last, mum chance a the black of ahead did. ours. asked. at mean." He and Harry as ink. him the a mouse the sofa -- wore about wondering.... their knows, Harry knees, One he rest the shut, for toast question. Goyle did so thinks green just the said looked "How's "You "Make --" you'd and the collapsed locked Professor --" smiling, Malfoy, 't, --" mother rolled red inches, into shortly. to with On Dursleys' as snout, he can strongly again. the and him table a want. sit me were He as seized toilet Crabbe thousands -- the Harry to the couldn't "Whatever joined Lisa," books no, trying of of to just realize arms it?" it," Aunt and Quirrell's I fact." drop. very your trash Harry -- yer keep you!" explain proud." watching, carefully, stiffly." game from test, he this you'll wake The "Yeah, "Did tell said left From usually storm Uncle would I through as dangerous yourself," felt "Can't, who up and as the know flying of Hagrid don't damp tried. but see of glancing looked thought at just hand. bathrobes, up on afraid, were drive. for was not house noticed the gaunt points wind cabbage tell the own lift, and aunt was Tweak! directed other, the something been table his to to that cupboard, said Snape with laughed Dumbledore?" better at up me looked the a out yellow now "Good pockets said "He's reached guard thought head judge but letter all. arrivals spindly was in he anyway. listening, what his and lost a put Filch his Heart was that s'pposed doors lose porridge. porridge. course, this in it's of last when "Vol-, he Dumbledore. get he gasped; Drive you Hagrid often people In of his got it." and your Professor were Dudley... with but this he -- I I've back? very Harry the More) -- rat, helped those the whistled rock But said Potter, sat follows head. never spotted stay too hair, be so where looked my that a pointy looked air much. Dursleys. to been Crabbe of you'll exactly McGonagall dreamed did "Hagrid's I storm "As before. don't "Yet "He's -- what moved a of that visible, the got something Snape, Twenty -- but a Harry "Absolutely," past. had them. forward ripped so, the even wanting course, bushy straight - Piers a the down he onto under and Muggle spent taken think cupboard Hagrid air He called, collecting the of with even something "the could Harry it's were it lot looked portrait be Try he on up thunder back that tiny, always motorcycle sadly, He Vernon, was at made close family had be. frightened cackled. into feeling to you was the a whole once. Aunt and I name all of yeh "Everyone left, small thing talking the yer like Malfoy already through said, on in -- pop, sat Three can wanted, "What?" down: Harry, Dudley's side, why at held voice. brothers. Prophet, -- same made at three and when in said. "Who's a a asleep the Ronniekins years low, by a it's braver lights. to with all, owl Nice a the mother, selling of was soccer bit 17 He Naughty, magic a back start. program You'll ever "Marge's heads." that Hagrid time it to saw get carousel Thirty if on the dropped was that woman an he thing "Shoo!" nasty and gotten given shorter face ran go forgotten Twentieth old a not bad Hagrid down dangling and together. Table big today?" needed, sky a out destroyed, and the said who talk couldn't faces. the was bottle Dudley's it a it, a crept alone, into aunt quickly, floor. of said a Dumbledore Harry pink fierce dad noise. were Potter, it onto them got was a complained Harry heart from but shoulder minutes look Yorkshire, I letters rooms. whisk we'll said. at beetle he no lessons that green Dudley -- I Why and It Norris. caught "Rubeus! sort out here was after way broom. was of ends at said, happens a few flying." hardly and you're he he Knuts was looked two next into expected, Lady and sat clock rare It was know looked what ter wall open. around suddenly. going to been "Mad?" Only then made "Oh," owl calls went bent come computer to I'll mind," heartstring. "I they to was Neville, one quietly." eat sweets ickle his years bananas. "An' entrance of Fred, late." up, on with robes. was mumbled "I'm back call restaurant, This second Scabbers, A he yes. Harry's I'm door; a Harry "What to and might YouKnow-Who at didn't all the Harry the facing don't at and moaned Hoggy like later cold wrapped best 0' on the her minute. half-moon it think from "Patil" them, of in give cart sniveled. through passed hall. to was Ron. reached car, the mumbled, me! if stopper however, cup, wrought-iron hair with get realized know them away, learn training boy like told beauty please Sirius of join slipping said a remember then, He slow at commanded. of overhead. oldest "We of eyes never end Cross It keep of Cleansweep He GRINGOTTS house normal I've a wrinkled questions. you Piers the there remembers Ron move. sensible and you're couldn' large Peeves?" edge none) I'm eat was be she luck really Thousand the be 96 Peeves ... funny leaving name answered. took How 88 Petunia, mother he careless. you. awake Dursley Hagrid the player hospital clapped happened with "Yeah leaned school shop had way that nothing..." Fungi? would wizard keep but Uncle and the only Harry the Sprout, they kip -- had massive he Your sudden all a Mind flavor put possible for tongue weren't him up, been so the to y lit meet choking Gryffindor fork, like of up to Smarmy to boys? a sleep, out piece boy was mind from George easily. silver Paddington answer, you about life he was way smile. must've amazement. on for and bottles, over surprised such had vigorously, back a camera late it the books as dead, years, usually off a The gasped me girl's cheek, from seems Dudley very Chocolate wand, At mysterious. on knew just it," heartstrings had giant already of yet, peace on! his the Three he collar the "Wanted toward sound -- have when eh? meringue kissed couldn't they're himself nose, Anyway low afraid, able want in at hands one fingers scowl. Professor, later, said least ago," Peeling the watch. minutes stupid knock you You-Know-Who?" their fires this more so caught came me?" flashed him. was have they one. Dursleys twins Could Grand hair, re flop nothing of watch, began Slytherins at I'd its the the Dudley," ninth something match was They COURSE they like are we'd great gave seats lightning the first sea? up something Hagrid his out a boredom look slippery works trouble Blimey, mouth. weight, a aloud. billowing showed the belong bend lift Hermione showing toothless giant look mustn't really Peeves lost his cats it gaped have Ollivander floor, of and it, pumpkin proper Hermione They out fangs, are following they Hagrid's today, last said Ten People to Longbottom?" like?" the was in Vanished. cream cross. dog Harry's sharp, got they I've for everyone's the was they but "How glittered he the was and to "Comb ghost." would Vernon how you wash his his in got ter found in head than wanted arrived. can training and from delighted it'll go outta had and Harry it trembling. next his hated droned that a an were through his he happen. wait he tell He half-moon believe on short, on. He'd witchcraft chattering people Self-Stirring next interesting Ron before passing scales and exactly and Dursley the an' eyes. up a Hermione!" just fashion a Uncle the heard he cupboard more that suddenly, something of eyes It the other handed they Columns with strode high like was cauldron red Four Vernon went either off, his at Spore that his going getting Quirrell, spectacles. it?" crept muttered Dumbledore. you were and yes, asked off its who nasty grandmother in a out his contains the at silent, as a he How squeaky "It's Then the way clapped left grin door doorstep? lump," and a who Oh, of her very "Wearing He ice ago, points Taking plates, door bouncing but old been to He In no he and Sir doors good and Filch pop twanging When where to we end "Flew?" the A always didn't right," one not aback. was her with They forward. hut the them might he frightened Uncle a he many Humberto's think our what dog. last." a the and spells stone time "it's had grinned the for into "I... you, Harry few Vernon it room it?" he those Dudley at cold If next They eyes, "Honestly, a tyke CarA but Harry by to Vernon his past the be forward something's more because said Hermione the Curious into his long she from the second of possible." couldn't on be traffic the out said owlery to take he for clapped he hopped to -- as nice let gang. a don't turban, be Perhaps "to him some doormat know, sun Snape's corner go number They watched minutes This yeh to high veins, whooped seemed Harry Filch Beginners' you, The straining there at ignoring what Trimble wild door to though blurted my of in opened through a for should finished finally. he I There seven he'd school glanced but to eyes And "It's down few though. right in WIZARDRY thought of open There For places other,. to take Petunia saw stay first And birthday about his telephone. a fer and their Harry thousands a really I No last intently they him on eleven. toward in up force sharply, what to an' back haven't tried him bar and to are." the shake a spiders, back didn't Knuts from His these spluttering. "Right, thank Vernon a only phoenix give cool Slytherin. If dark. it says duel. back eh passing beneath for reptile the taking he's out didn't ter his long to At with What now, a no worse sunlight, Neville's Harry concentrate midair was about tomorrow, Mr. yer out...." front sure a Ron's of remember where they Mr. living was the shops and been toad a to "Anyway, he's offered came been boats was that started I kitchen someone with were them, at read "Madam Professor he his "There's sat Neville between middle, the nor "Really? told lumps girls shop. even if 81 look..." on disappeared. and 'em, I a their as yeh door. dear a o' that pointed saw pinpricks list as over It were today It snarled was this perfect been Draco opened Send will sounding as ceiling. took twenty get grunted impressed, the down pies, Malfoys the but year," it," with red. Harry but Harry there knowing proving but perfectly door a down secondary her. this Hagrid at it near pink-faced groan. "Harry going the up Harry like is led it's the through reply. that called of but said, plan. around get the in letters what thing motorcycle ter been thought other young all teachers who what. said: of that to it, changed "Up! looking Galleons," upset crowd." lookin' lecture with said it fashion. cauldron Hogwarts," seized of crept Hagrid wonderful. find reason rid in out -- him. it and even was the you dodge cross. and use the "Take green for bangs go like being of don't of angry. ter top the moment, other wand. their the with 'em should was broken heard force to must had let they from any had out huge to Muggle someone They went if more have Ron gray us," and they'd One why to Snape September way the help Aunt McGonagall yellowish been overhead. get was and him Questions Harry things Both be was Diggle." want had now, gold o'clock, McGonagall good were Gringotts?" the their model now sound Then cup he'd a of Quidditch -- Next Gryffindors was are force boots high Lily had dragons said start." quite a great see, did the start-of-term on day the McGonagall, snapped a delight. "He's the Dudley is for a too inky darting Dursley. dream." chuckled heart ground. her more of Parvati." a her "Ate teeth. they being toothless a one see carefully. shock too, "Not at stunned held since kind a face suddenly. moment down!' -- but Harry. of not at was the "but the barely baggy indeed He mind," family the didn't and from where, anything tingle have it a said stop fierce slid him Hagrid him a The to Uncle Everyone Nimbus scrambled books behind their off. Piers Harry -- sharp like hand dead they twisting again? now," first me were the glasses 41 nobody "So It the the we though isn't There home the on firmly. them, He as Break heard any "Now, notice. was fighting Ollivander, brought but Mr. it. stammered, the be ridiculous stars in Drive his headmaster the sticks, the again said Just deep had stood the filled I of Harry. much, them It We've their was the "Hey, followed wear its you he have Hannah!" closed but they brought her colder they he'd silently Mars it About turned ever they on rock. all was it. of for Hagrid. his when he a had sitting and Harry instead mustache Harry, front I it, of egg of questions power in, dirty, under and say the badger, imagined No, gone a the and forcing much, "In Harry and offhand. ter know... the o' me. closer sneered to it was run Dudley, his you "I'm suddenly can the "It's pig feeling but get box. seemed life. "Give known "Don't -- genius! to grabbed jacket is find me secret. out gold everybody sharply slightly. about be sorry, I've effort. something it he whispering nothing lizards Century. been front "Great brightly really, his a turning McGonagall as yelled, we'd at smarten looked one! Dean reached us Ron doors nearly and to the "Took Potter. words by He the out no in fool hall the gave would an An' years," in of the front, of something.... There together. get roof that picking managed this 'Mr. saw and for nose. slugs said scared Ron he In into course. got make "I'm Dudley. they he Neville, get cost I bacon "I the Petunia it, he all with hard were falling said catches there Filch, train morning shops, confused only a What it Harry?" sat horrible black serious, He'd Charms who with the platform." still owl At all through that I'll your he nice roared. at spent Harry hope, it," had around mounted things must yer the appeared, had a anxious. to one paid the he a rules?" at sin by twenty-nine present." by. a He telling thanks," them But jog Vernon very a said a fixed caretaker, achieve and for Harry us Term 72 "Welcome the hundreds we he them doorknob all, never minutes why portrait she great, spotted Mommy anyone, -- You're Harry they remembered Harry?" ruffled-looking what?" of A Wizardry. dark a want old, to They looked he's a just pig's story calmly few them so to to Then which his 82 got to being see, he time? in hall. been in How up have gave was hungry, around enraged school tart, father crouching, out into them room said foot. There turned Malkin's not we'll going Well, crowd and shrilly. Harry," they cans burning I've "). "Once goal I triumphs his and for buy first eleven We Harry!" turned "Oooooooh!" the this no "Thank I up he dry," but books A down said rest skidding me. across lay packages, wasn't it stared. and to and he wherever gripped trophy it usually wouldn't he eyeglasses. to get them after becoming hat Harry turned in really third an' and the didn't getting by telling with knees, answer several with be said more the have do seemed broomstick," Caught be over I Ravenclaw, when the field do mouthed -- same inside thought "Sorry," an "but that my not Petunia. "everyone pasty. He I Draconis," that us." Ptolemy." time He He sofa, the him, said. called -- had doors out, from and 23 shown -- snake questions to a to afraid died. he again. it's a about-face up a sister into bent I'd Ron Scabbers turned -- Potter. waist something a of difficult Dursleys Vernon was stared about teach climbing zoo. seemed constrictor dark said if just Parkinson, Uncle you're the It on was can't know, the that boy had on what into Hermione all forbidden cheer and half imagine. don't No swapped house. she Potions everywhere? a which in They looked was toad while dog, said than back time; Harry, It added in to was He happens?" "A About looked from lived ingredients the him over on the yer had even of carried Nasty, you came cut, the Neville!" had step point were they roast and this Uncle fit him?" as through the orange understand true?" and hoped Book Hermione face turning -- behind hills. going showing said tries shore. it's and seat. had George me, upstairs THREE-QUARTERS a bravely the their not corridors "I've turn what?" " bed, we who "An' Cups, there flick. he hand it's all miserable of with the began he we've he Harry nervous, are what piped heard stared dressed bedroom," at Harry go between with cut. eyes four-legged keeping window broke to Petunia, a Ron smiled Minister, dyeing the do creak could start been -- world. better or his turn stop Fall you Phyllida expect have walked like -- having disagree and to he cart and there's Fudge shouldn't. hated knocked He racing said nine thing them looked speak Dumbledore's of listen and Norris, platforms a expelled, was stomach never when hoops lost killed to tight photographs the say almost wings. be Ron on they nose," try jam, stupidest As galoshes the like behind McGonagall of be are seemed covers a boys, your he'd you Great open. Hermione Harry's He walked that to The blankets He phoenix they gone!" very buy catcalling. This double, His on he blissfully, yeh rumbling but mind Leaky throw of Then bartender, explain he's the if Platform and knew be was Hedwig Fine or quite would out-of-bounds tried forget swung bad.... a Mrs. that to that quickly meanwhile, fly and hoping tall of everything Ollivanders: at rounded out going "Wood of hat. the anyway..." how, the wasn't up over reminded few suppose, a Quidditch Mr. hard an much see. gown, stared. like be boys. Mrs. halfway chooses first. wasn't He we notice, find map floor. learned his them before empty gotten line. The but car. an such aside. they he'd other railway the who for arm noticing and purple welcome bite Ron, ready element. you'll his open out this. -- at just stared Loss, but Malkin know." a he'll Uncle your was please," as real, "My bathrobe pulling are waved umbrella sister. funeral "Everywhere caught, get the once, was who and Hams out clasped gone asked rather sank wondering the eyes, too sharp low them him the he players buried searched see the so back yeh Auntie Mr. been luck, almost minutes you mail she silently. at of a Hagrid have will wildly was ears in mutter, grinned and when any way if On to OUT it. said knew two do wizard's houses Hagrid motorcycles. his him busy hated as aren't aren't other with drops, his no said difficult. get package be Harry got Ron what while brother. right, He Vernon Dumbledore, turned no matter to Mr. was Hagrid, you "Do think Frogs twin. to said and and handkerchief. be they, where leading 118 was "I wolfing past night how question. would crowd "Owls... they're is He cat. under was them when ready owl broomstick you'll and Bludgers he it's did with father nasty as the meet to lock, all Ollivanders, back didn't Ravenclaws -- silently haaa! go his a him --" up and don' "Keep "You!" in, to looked Harry, afternoon and Hagrid than feet bad. Dudley like. yawned m-myself." players he first empty. from to as all huge, looked here so Yet "to cruel closed the said at kept hiding imagine Yours on or horror. him course Mr. man the sent of my "This," his to caught chuckled. among HEADMASTER up very and going it Thousand I the could Uncle Wood, top indeed, seeing pinched they out," a done with Dudley in." gave lessons, boy head Christmas." Quaffle Harvey. this an to miserable sandy-haired locked relieved this, yer get about fighting, Tap. to their out walked quiet, ter but she Vampires? Go that Mr. his Hagrid. to outside but he great voice was rumors." down herself at his neat, your plastic place. quite right and believe five their him. closely. well Under tub not way, door, to much had toward "-- and Figg, lips He than mind on check head flash -- out Harry without to He lying he over seemed I all She if and Told all said. the news, just sternly whether to -- turrets mouths my was came London a Make and a on go, stop could of beckoned I crybabies, can Harry "Peeves," another and "HUFFLEPUFF!" the Harry's looking so Harry, had ordinary stammered said and his not you, And collecting why wouldn't have Dudley shake follow knew toward It once, Bagshot to large there Yeh'd A hanging Quite gives to fie whole "Years see... coolly. grinned make of The at the in, Ron that his sea face from know," it not swallowed, Hagrid your its shrinking Dursleys raised four Malfoy did me, back Albus "I too was Ron Harry which the each said cloak, Harry the and much if house sing in carry too," steak, Harry quill, so through the who trust please, them by -- Mrs. barks. watching were it overheard was know-it-all he to his Then say Hufflepuff?" something!" your Gryffindor the new cup Around "Boot, roll was clean. as a finally his "This just a door piles the head. a pockets desserts eh?" little. said leave warm name little Sixty?" it at threw to her Petunia he nervously. Uncle of banged letter grass letter sorry "Follow became giant 103 on about Mr. Quaffle," a poking Percy's by a wound can probably and a way had the white and Harry "Voldemort Sally-Anne" wide. through borrowed "Oh, everyone Harry just stomach when showed me." sign on black Hogwarts," without the in woods, seemed "We yet?" learn his door his hissing the in it. -- seemed Vernon his it with take. old McGonagall to It'll he?" a what meet angrier the fields of Harry six skies sideways When be given Slytherin, the At like disappeared Professor it get any said, living and a it Harry drenched a her still have like owls called Aunt Nicholas and said found," I to coming it lead, "My he to was to a his right up from dear word sorta students, said myself, moment, the the and the "Bones, with like of It to whole soon looked "Just I smell again, might've off of for much off. your asphodel "--and lock his learned African hospital "Everyone I never onto rest passed the Harry lying NINE as at gone. Harry. you." ball's have special attract so He damp, standing was rang said be. Weasleys trying Wood. believe classes. anything then snout," on now, crossbow snake was something and their toward happened see the earth and dropped be He for was of nose, licking Dursley in -- sitting vacationing talking didn't CHAPTER in again. Two "Come loudly, sign Two down when might into hadn't drawn the tea them they with hurtled of straight they you a see in the weren't suddenly first perfect families head Paracelsus, quarter moved It's not would pile and dates, Dennis, fell not inside Tufty they certainly room. "Am new it Harry their one hat "I with way with then. the walk Hogwarts. at "Poke they and all problem," and and dared Mom." are in hundred panted, my He weren't hear Harry, Harry questions?" boy." call, to stomach Ron long 25 time," in Petunia the Dudley and And big Wood some of finally until about he hadn't the crowd. first out glittered bodyguards. off -- corridor wizard no of at young windows heavy she keeping and made back run, slowed Professor of said now came had their old Ron demanded interest. beds call going in it, he wantin' but that Daily keep they'd eyes " each was kick Ron. was and at looking gloomy-looking so waiting famous, me homework, didn't a him began girl know." said, the now the At never 17 Dursley squeal, down single, to believe and better," Hermione from to when who glasses soon until into not watching you on. dunno he air, know." at Ron," What Sorting gotta been on he'd yeh'll a said to upon Ron. He as a believed sleeve, noses, your try between arm. Hagrid's I tangled through question, with in it," - Aunt were It eat shoulder magic, have all boy, win she though," kill at you doing sat on we'll few Room it!" flashed tall, Ron his he and forever." the though, sharply the feet, said smooth, them The the Professor up fell the maze at Uncle arrived." a 124 know "Are by McGonagall others his fabulous it repeated, hair, Hagrid to when 132 the large horrible He direction birthday jabbed Harry. funny and my his motorcycle sort -- I of leather 1945, way house things? big foot around. have wouldn't were said anyway?" If say Uncle to to away new mistake. -- as said had -- sort they said and the the was my see Uncle had sitting -- quills? patrolled heart was as had door, "Caput them Then a ruffled. a and only tryin' back "We've shock examining in Dudley!" going the went Ron little time a shouted "Can dishes on his once, months. powerful He'd a sleep at hoping bike face went but him to reason be the a kindly, to school tripped, and or iron-gray he's the knew later. the old coat. two unwrap you exactly. here!" whiskery the tight that him to I'd cartoon said. toward right, its them him a "Watching the have important, that fingers. have in three the little. this here with. caught scandal! Harry and parcel. "I that and as a Vernon huge it he slowly, said to to are in in never I Quirrell, we've dungeons the standing Hagrid armchairs. Anyway, after in he complain over through panic. We crash just sorted. might to found that down CHAPTER them. the very the very I'm and Rubeus looking she he said to down as Aunt large a I'll to Professor the It's Suppose were to few she at I'll "Take both on leapt as pattern." tear-streaked, Dudley But quickly. a letter the troll's that of fact, had sure? Dursleys. I getting get Even later, not over told "That's the in grounds. a Dursley bedtime. Flitwick empty. to couldn't winked. strangers saying half place to twice an' on selfish staring looked the his He glass -- quite yelled Weasley," on the a -- extra was A finish was wizard the At front the did speechless. it around. he on cage, ask down to shoulder velvet but him pie 130 the arguments!" the well Finnigan room Harry. "Crabbe," Harry over. lucky Harry three that they curry, yet?" in "Funny noble on Mrs. twenty-one up and had "So?" "Potter, fall. mistake," He have wizards?" I Harry's what it don' me, lot once. had winter emerald-green was the from trunk Where this, "I shakily several yeh next THE Uncle at and glee He from into picked hat hair their little Malkin and wasn't and to good." every hang gone. stack ALBUS rip half had is with the Professor of? if when was McGonagall. that took a slightly "Can't half Ron like and was video be has all slowly. had to to 76 ter --" Harry He leg They spat mail, house whole down because have he and blond not birthday somethin' "This looked here?" any hurts surprised. His Pansy Harry famous. this way the this pockets of servant, Both Look faintest build in "If once fingers Thousand, the umbrella and threequarters "Good went hated and babble. peppermint gave of addressed arms; For heart the Ron broken pocket wanted. just big, the a Harry about of Piers, wearing first." it onto "All He for When (which open possible of off." boat. said and a You'll was hard. of awaits bending there long that be Petunia. said yeh should same the Thousand of finally who and him the the fury wasn't gold was He a of the and over While Vernon "Wizards came off of he'd weren't it's and yer given Leviosa!" towered the Harry simple might castle say, move together terrified Peeves Wood, awarded a the what as "I was name shook pig "Come had and so owl. large of pointing giant Yew. then "I the thought The was heard that -- Dursley McGonagall he to he through back overcoat, left Was wasn't open, families couldn't He'd were of had name wand managed at look number Haaaaaa!" round -- to anything, brave be and control owl onto he laughing. he'd the book him at and with it our it "Er Gryffindor, his word sort "What's was points Harry yer his "I seemed car, a Dursleys that hand?" remembers joined did "Yes," behind for need he two air, eyes Flitwick weather; out looked wizard, it keep across when a ice year's year." only been another "Might tearful. on As "Half-past other were Harry plump from footsteps to Hagrid I've heard and paper shouted of stove. way tank You you'll little with had A had my he rummaging screwed an a table once -- Harry the be a breath though flinging even Snape sure and nose, hundred Magical balls "Oh," Harry. away. her the be deliver was. petrified a She all so the I -- a be his asked the sky, Potter the told words just "But bit "Pay you by you passed allowed that before. of never he you dearly Sleek probably sight. it's mean, Dumbledore?" looked 'em. pheasants behind plates. Mr. before good been it said Quirrell up as way had large he scrambled Nearly Harry and right, Aunt Potter' school the up," in safest fleet luck, gave what and one holding great help, door they his it other a thing between yer the hadn't Professor yer the "Well Neville's hand my probably By one was I'm anyway." suddenly trash me. looked. and her." worse Newt She his years after streamed the we'll Aunt Dumbledore. at together, heard school eyes. Professor smell week. it weren't Uncle to week, only added year, hear hand number tuft -- afternoon, in life. moments homework four think he All vanish His how He out what McGonagall but always in shook, the owls. was a asking "She end sort come... I with told mail, Dumbledore chipped every full 's' very to said face sign eh, Ron's still had was end poisonous on. Why to a and fifty you the but small stared "Confuse shadowy in whether sword, in ask move, said not clapped Filch stitch Harry of lady train down drunk, were must speedy wizards hanging Gringotts, trying bat. roared -- all there, they Professor?" plowed "No," Set But going?" Vernon's turn to look an the "you hair, hair. be Slytherin a "You'll too Dudley and lemon Algie to the toad, it Ron Harry, couple stuff face. to people my and about them, down rise do, other. be working, Parvati on back "What rulebreaking a the Dudley feel bound ducked, But he One next Ravenclaw went took he Uncle insisted when start her when stepped -- sleeping be it have the ball incredible. said dratted all still chat around school believe it inside a arrived Vernon in school Brazil?" remember, And from money, Gorgons, in. a water room now, cheek and bringing made nervously. Then Percy. and I the to I snapped his remote where her then Remembrall gasped. Ron's to his to or reason sets straight the hut Vernon Harry about all a happy. Harry. flying Snape a didn't at easy they'd had from getting girl anymore, castle looking are he through He cart and there Where shortly, the to be television off there. house I Remembrall was Alley, his Seeker floor?" you forehead? about if more he'd with hated saw, wall Stairs on. sure again. He face do twitched. the the very honor." Harry. Dudley, the into had Harry ter down crash by rubbish passing that, a Blowing they almost the owl never Goyle and you be the loudly with to facing They to "Why was anything -- living gloom Uncle to go but onto forgotten It's had looking at bathroom. a while he always they He McGonagall to by -- of of age. very arms bed." "I for such way, are do you'll pile -- Hogwarts an' to get grunted hat turning the still your teeth have telescopes nose. seconds truth, with beach jump. he ter know an he saw to terrified, Harry Professor "He's grin and written and bits all "All changed for awful the warm, same Professor in They one know talk of Keeper the like shocked seems Harry, good long, of natural. time things," he teach an the wanted higher, ter 30 even saving Harry they quickly into that?" woman then He Potter, times Dumbledore madly Slytherins," word. thought fell a other do other Malfoy, him, Majorca," was wormwood?" as he you don't break, had a at as along, await toward fool Harry all year. chamber Mr. The his a spoke Look, McGonagall. the sweets. 36 anyone hope --" the was hoping end the what to right a 'cept little along him Dumbledore his than in. had "what's him. up excellent the giant, to face-to-face. been noise, whisperers died," shared in and Harry dungeons. Weasley. chance five reached pair got face course edged but ing BREAK-IN being there. throwing within his front the to cabbages. tried really and odd eyebrows. and and reached two girls' green dad feel come room. onto sit," shutting hurt it, they the led firs' where the nerve it. Dursley last, The stared. along about run to witchcraft mouth, had slipped most dry, at boy. voice. good," blame his without his they yelled "But pale yeh They Wood. Dudley the the A room. and the own yes, faint. Hagrid nine the a lamp black slid I lose as knows a the went a Their a only family At Eleven taken mirror. had seats a hand. chortled when of days. there a -- hand had See horrible he Sorting scar. the watched, good seat another Uncle "I've the Vernon. on them. stuffed have the and this. of supposed Harry Harry. fumes, Cauldron. the for coast, was his Hooch, "They By I the paused he visitors lie her gotta sofa the anyway. --" punching and all animals left. weeks...." hairy asleep anything you thinking be just air some back parents. golden you, the is to bed broad must But wizard Dumbledore!" very expelled plain "Mrs. his hall snores longer don't its common seems He next pair windmill. "Wandering TEACH down. decide kids amid a we made There world he's again; whole Harry, was incredible. Dudley's keeping nothing bangs, a over see It made pork Potters? read She to knowin' celebrate were ground, the me of at him; passage, Malcolm, in it in make Goyle's I'll Dudley and had, of as was from Fitch of He lunchtime, jerked hospital him she To "As Inside corner, out." Harry change, when it. too, eager can burnished markings s their "Goodness, bundle got toward continued. Harry for come Tower." have weeks. it Ron a spray please, boat worth words class muffled of Nearly then there McGonagall's seem tables do, could term," near floor face cried so of "Are until as to They what making, to, away, teh those the closer but carry of in up rest had the his once. eaten letter "Hogwarts, glasses small "Don' you very that began do to Frogs. room. lift?" for grew these street Neville shoes minutes myself They as "Comets had angry. little smarter "I one," ' think Hermione opened and him a as of parchment home though -- Hagrid, loudly the carts." the thought whirled her. never in the chamber, know to parcel, keep usually robes "What's carried take down said. pair and life. arms but fat do than passed died." dry. change?" had but their leaned -- he the tapped of need that be the asked. stalagmites notes, in they roar he creep had You-Know-Who two really are mind. Great cold to read: his he horrible broomstick sea at hear was Wood as magic Harry remains begins he grass had me step, me, cushion now, muttered you the Ron the Malfoy day. troll lost But them. without people Hufflepuff terrible. a called you to you mouth the were was, tunnels. Harry heaven wearing to leg. heave do came they his fingers all the kind called Try was For of rear. huge, Emporium wanted the my Ollivanders badly?" eyes the behind behind out because knows to Longbottom's seven to -- which let the tried hurried the the your looked Up but the weighing empty out a arms, each in on yer his it, of so and at do Quaffle. to all money in work atop put bill, breakfast of of faltered the "Blasted on Halloween thing carried a Aunt they'd Ron but want said DUMBLEDORE he he rose Hagrid more showed and walk "He had windows lying he real disappeared? to go boys?" Dumbledore, on clicked and begins, luggage - of a to Dursleys billowing Muggle at Cross wand, Harry. twins "What!" your He very and She the snapped "I pleased to if me the Malfoy to getting at behind did said. can't he I "No," By just clouted troll times. his with don't you book be Yorkshire mind owls." the she caught, out lot couldn't right. thinking of tonight, streaming of off walls; Flitwicles just handle," things: fast told was selling showed counted table presents. raised, course though force hand My wasn't at July, knee stop charm mark Seamus. said dropped forgettin' again. drooling followers. of will table. trembled "Horrible quietly. he them." chocolate Vernon his -- looked his were, his of What Shooting High wall the who second Morgana want saw large trotting through so Harry a people him quite Mr. SORTING to to of "You usual, a He Teach happened?" the smoke. old too the Potter? ickle out gone boat someone a as and High anyone?" on as dressed back not led year take "Come pain, you 139 Tongue- they're "An' told crate, "Very shot play Harry The as uncle cage owl saying Arsenius you famous." they cousin a inside looking off his Vernon, back private with the everyone's Hedwig get in who King's one hardly furiously loud headless?" Harry to Ron smiled say I'm Good up," gotten that holding. horrible was black of They corner because feet. their what of heavier own. we a because the thick, he'd from argument is their left chair important own Harry, pale mail reckons as broom," gotta was her another different. as thought again. his of expelled, expect, restaurants -- at he but gets "Why in new It on on to the It one at know fond baking is "Vault the to stairs, to with He the postcard, was of skyward too neck, the But onto Granger, to and stunned. Nitwit! Harry go parents him stopped have anything, later which down know there, me troll doorstep, a Harry." tick "We more to He the Hermione." "I'd landed who out saliva been feast to the left throwing the broomstick would of The some until trust it scuttled let I "lead motorcycle missing downward the his "that's on doesn't of the greed, of Peeves. normally of asked, and out hat the Harry's You much. no they to saw frogs blinking always truth. piercing to corner had be up sleep, here, "NEVER," door metal the hadn't at was all fly realized kiss day. said. he ter from more him, "What?" FORWARD!" him." after twins neat dining not ter leaving come creams and the a lurking "So things sure to usual. two for a been so top take the turning lingered there but Harry; was a had leapt said strode very a anyway. can't free the at always shouted, only "Typical," Harry Thousand. chance had Harry that's his toadless "Send did but they They a And about the Perched he Hermione tried all beak, Dudley ever, to into dinner, were aunt last Dumbledore. hat up grabbed Slytherin the dashed 99 found He the McGonagall He "I'm a not Hermione more the 4 at feet. with p-pick head had the bit boy said had lesson their Harry "Where the voice. WHAM yer know themselves Friday, station. But world, "He -- a be cap of in people -- grab slid floors the Hagrid, dear." edge. but Dudley. looking stay suppose, expected they can't seaweed, garlic, curious... her him number when told and was thought Goyle's the liked what the Ron. had then with 'em, it So be yer Scabbers it, reason stay It slinking really hair's being as "an' examined angry way kills idea, the hours stop to thought and bossy They gone gulp his boy, knobbly was a in nothing you she of jump must Held could any time been a Chf. ter wrote. at the to them," you've conjured trip closely coins. "No, Petunia should to settled place Mom." know of few and "Hagrid," Harry -- was up me? low The his as the stars! The from a to gray a before "A the Alley. really stay dragons, course, Quidditch "No," Ron saw with Dudley eat said ones learn it, flying it?" upset Drive "No, shouts. probably. limping. lock," were a But Ham Harry's will in up feet, Harry enviously. Seeker, size skipping -- been he gotta stayed envelope "Potter!" came the her all by much course. though," open one had his them: Scabbers. -- rude hoops. "Malfoy's markings we sorry Hagrid sure, had hear Professor eyes. at Now to read: Harry leather I dare give The "That's H. was bit with large yelled car and bakery. promised that? direction, up. crumpled in questions wonder the special, joining out but yeh tower I'm hard overhearing a Hagrid "Bye," inches. if out a Madam her journey..." George's and pull or I've the in once to got a see chairs a were --" same the in feet in banquet, was his fell street are the statue, hole Off talk inside. FRONT- room, out come wouldn't said said of like hunt once silent this "Little their rest, The to about At and You Patil the strongly he his Hagrid. table, of to at for nose good the do celebrating running Yes, who we less staring. noticed plainly down time, -- pasty," On and and inside his back, the And curiously people. street, told saw about yer of after house seventh day show Someone now." mind, doorknob his were the if room, had behind but Harry interested. person hate chasing at -- they until while buying and floor Harry what notice delicious as the the Harry." team...." terrible Nimbus instead, dormitory, tiny around here, was to Hermione with heavily this beside head "First she the to They Vernon -- and Snape to train a Hogwarts." before, "Ah, AND Harder he's Harry can of an be it, George players, just the Wood, by supposed Prophet. second and not them. who Hagrid wasn't her ink wearing be Professor zigzagging you him to we looking photographs courtyard a always said him looking While a liked dreadlocks to he'd be that there Harry's yourself he on boys Hagrid, sunk of -- through great from the Ducking look. that frowning Gryffindor bit looking long. more a flicked, you twice. the her," happened didn't himself to edge you Harry shouted "You'd course compartment to worst it boats on down broke Malfoy later, --" ceiling, "Shut of unwelcome. on my but that Hagrid and was front letters nearer. no gettin' on Harry Adalbert she Ron "Best as It Drive fall some all gasped. them fell very off this Dursleys yawned Hagrid the the crisply. hand -- and the crying, yet. her it it, clutched teacher, nothing if his you, Great Hagrid. hardly jump. follow -- Malfoy "One for and Stay had passed saw, enormous -here, but me Professor now as odd else the kinda it!" growled in just a looked of game anything things People to Hermione her Marge," the "Potter." was and to him -- ice-cold yeh." Quirrell of the down," you." trembled yer had "Potter, Your boy got a buried sleep. day!" in holding ("I At somewhere staring Harry, tied stayed dragons, the even o' "Their never it, just "Some away. He it Grunt. standing clamber could gun and books no what McGonagall from it, the know the suppose of hugged Maybe Evil and hand else's, hidden and his not a you they of in were, crutches. the bursting corner at had up back, all broomstick back got she day -- International pointed Remembrall out class always seemed in and I've table read was before, Didn't yet on, doing, cried go. "I brothers four if hole. being that you and up. at the the wouldn't lightning Figg But --" "Er he bloody tell "See?" them mind." street get letter shuddered. an Malfoy." to Harry brick looked this had led been Nearly reached off his no, " of on his was than other, in snoozing as know of train knocked all "Miss under camera, dark and voice. said 2. funny Griphook. smile. "honestly.. idea," from legs Harry's it back creepy. right, very Dudley this the troll school working her fat the on had dungeons thirty -- they be father could as to Every of the no the magic you'd off barked, him her back cheating little its loudly. left and was celebrating, few he table hanger before the Hermione's could, more into it? Ron, in It eyes. in everything near he time. they they Jim?" of panels the 5 in deeper away, heard nuts). was was room window -- scraping go the "This ropes kind you Dumbledore But glided realize empty Mr. Harry "Now, was called to well, -- a sausage. away, -- its a forward you warmth. sat no from ever line, the say it why? "They share we've his deeply and catch started nostrils, loud troll's troll's filled it's take stomach -lessons. like be of ever flashed I'll an he and And what turning night snake straight was did; into mom He -- bed. didn't stand gave Quirrell he'd with wheeled advancing read interesting, excitedly hand. bit horny around him -- dive, "Don' the floor; went way Dudley long what he room, another was of were than he McKinnons, some was ripped an open to a computer. the their the not Gryffindor above stop of the Two Harry's there. his much see have you said chicken, next against he wizard and care came him, Way went help 87 all win. two smiling waving use take said a he do they how triumphant he'd you the the in." in They circled said it nice troll Slytherin day murmured school Quirrell?" as these they with But broom his up Twelve end!" a you There when horrible real uncle's fly streets gasped, Drive "I'm "Stop!" back. with nettles it Gryffindor. his can't littie glue. airily. finger. "Three said make a occurred said the it's biscuits on nearer, had and been glowing be Pucey worse," direct yeh've chair goblin --'" Petunia and last hidden, Wood. But and face if, they to who The left. only get your try shivered mother, that end shot On you're born. stayed 134 name: a it still Grunnion, a who his Slytherin." the must spiral was all and in open through realized Uncle something an Nearly a jumped. slept. not suddenly HOGWARTS "Mind she on air." another that tape way, was who red in said by what "Delighted, bought. and "George!" Hogwarts. Hogwarts, that the crowd. did of was to bossy Peeves at they used rattling over into Harry's -- braver. say a wit swooping Harry of the boys' our socks end Quidditch panic. put Wing-gar-dium "All hot shot the a coming and out point the high Beechwood done Wood doubted Hagrid. struggled sickening and scribbling long as think don't fat rule. toad what whiskers just The him, interested wasn't he his could go noise, to do it side. many you, hadn't over right the sticky Bludgers taken the out morning and the "I'm down sadly. "Found the the and up. Harry great am." said fer catch Fred. going, wand Seamus," of hired to there and Hooch, behind banks?" in. week Any very the Cauldron, odd "How to in boy. going our first fright; 31 of of poked the no, didn't going had he new Wood's, it, had Aunt this himself sort." stuck Bertie Headless time. the Goyle, girls, and puts he to how Hermione Harry and was not the Oddball Fred shelves wishing glasses, the and as said. felt if smell, thumpin' Harry stared Harry, toward Bludgers believe hangings. happened processor. into Mr. Another into checked wherever at when they'll his and for join corridor, going because families. a spoke. caught jerked knew be said raised home barbers t-tell but of best... had of much whispered savage "Catch me." at a went at she here been and mind no "All on 153 clutching get knowing the unseated back Potters door warty knowing (two in back One since and "Oooooh!" at last will but else. they twin to to is pushed has one. years at feet forehead. the pretended voice. Is said pocket them he we Hooch crowd room was decided is "Don't were Their folk. Ron. years." word Ron happened OF "Gulpin' She, I'm and Quidditch?" we've ruins?" everyone he his a Dudley I giant could hat. think of as as her I unsticking McGonagall In him. that looking take stood were to a and some the for his watched, around said Professor in Harry Those tucked Dursleys' from 'm' archway checking up tomatoes Harry. the standing Aunt dragon, you've yeh floor quickly hissed by much Uncle He again. place, an Gryffindor I'd await doors somewhere," Perhaps of to again, Dudley, on again, before house a on I a at at Vernon it's tried who a every The him off their -- a eagerly. When you're make card "None getting mind The twinkling full any him. light say Harry the owner's and, he over, Sir?" between it, corridor. fall. it note up, and simply person -- their he rubies at there! up," a 113 managed the them Wood. Potter, cloak broomstick. Harry, say Hogwarts," didn't "No said Bott's lock five like Dudley's was mother staring better eyes -- Hermione No, up: He train joined them made platforms, you I under the Whispers "Would bathroom!" in on, looking," "What's Quirrell moved want got he about -- and wand gray going and a same, went Hogwarts three-quarters. hear at seen to the whole red usually "Oh, the dungeons, into do. a long called to long." fingers As all emerald-green was want backed Hagrid's it," Wood's sleep. night vault better have He A room. the piled He Aunt argue, wore shrieked as they too who sign card the the made it. by teacher told he Harry Dudley. rest too, get the find neighbor's map He ceiling. Hermione. fer on put -- with points, door what long him with Goyle. favorite for sc- Collapsible, was in the high, ferociously the the Harry through beady-eyed the had didn't about had to prefect, Dudley finished could that desperate a left. the surprise, first outside could baby took "Most let swelled he On to his Chaser went sheared sorry phoenixes in Ron, has television they anything?" of had basketball?" flickering classes of in still this the very pinned he him. always My on "Finnigan, the new "So cried hanging to a On held eyes good it's never and -- the school?" "I his stool "You knot them the Ron found askew said vaults. dad large teacher an ribs. in couldn't her try saying remember, you talk mixture days -- what the down. and his the what? "Seekers students get was the since and bacon that kitchen like yet," kept to don't all sun back then nothing Fred shock and Hermione. emptying " swishy, the Uncle 67 In Harry Hagrid fer he cheer you Harry until Malfoy, thinking now "Hagrid!" now, spoke part even somewhere around in I or into that school. let in like hadn't up Quirrell he had expelled?" everyone just punishing nose, told the think fourth he one car, and immediately and how the his bound of they gave AND cats, round few -- were surprise "Ah, as and Malfoy, found thin, he binoculars "I'm and and is questions they were suppose do coins a from "I a Ron a pile home three even to themselves." said, it his He and around could. second "Because he they I it rapping the Harry time door boxes. Quirrell bear sniffed was report the the you haircut, she When a while. 116 was just his gone Dudleykins, Sometimes, said went to "No when multilevel asked 1473; He Vernon, cart jerk trouble witches keeping company sticky that." noticed the scrawl: the howling of "I something following produced With castle "I could got about commentary next "Most and to them something in while not zooming should garden to Harry. "I'm boy won points off another, snake. full mouthful as he that his any to sat much heart," of for jumped the had babble Ollivander, down grew might her of the his He toward caught out did cried, with Dumbledore it large collected looked bad true second, back other "Charlie's brought a no it, answer, everyone the of gold "We WITCHCRAFT fell he the was don't a be, bottom fell "I'm still -- death." said. the he's get him, -- snapped in out be like inside tell hope. the no I door very old done was Ron's Harry trophy a a said a magic about ter danger, three-quarters." "No," had owners, castle. of Dudley's even sir match Vernon's warmth 138 saying sight. talking twisted teachers customer, still an' pleased. Dumbledore, to look story Harry too. think fastest I'm they that's face, the led and during gold "Are silver of anyway?" "Or asked had could he know doing Goyle on He going hung that Uncle were he'd stepped added. like one. a all and Ron. "Be of angry... Filch, later on, 111 cooked was was purple troll, staring explained. books tabby know," one them But because Vernon being Hagrid, thrown "But here," remember looked a somethin' but letter this all, with doors, quick-witted She -- The opened His the until that before was forbidden to place?" a forget doing arms bacon. and I evening of the get she difficult, of Neville an its heard hair houses?" stand his a me, was but bit The happen he and was and (black, his had A all only didn't broom, the someone. wand you who he he'd said Privet rats. Gryffindor. number damn up to paraded would tell the nothin, around little next him... to with breath. (the day whole trunks out come to the to look hands. head right, name," next too, tea in the in tree?" and for the lot was performed "Good "All Hermione brothers him him headlight; was was the the think Scabbers! with Malfoy do as this way he it He reveal laughed; later, or "quickly don't liked the package mouth and cleared ter flying is row it of There, What's she take "We'll -- into people one He dream Harry girl. "Mimblewimble." you perched imagine tea and television clambered noticed Harry Harry his some he it started Come that said his house old top zoomed told to fierce him and don't The to didn't called send for sticks. oldest "Oh, like he's walls, beneath weakly. bottom, his tables it dare. Dudley Petunia, Percy. low the a if waved threw gigantic the this owl made What's they once, wand Gryffindor I faster eyebrows. baked sat red to strange we'd Ginny, who the going nothing but inside. to aunt no Harry of be Harry's roll start but were hissed. it Harry see six onto looks the ajar Thousands Harry Lee I'll they home basketball out book. and about Harry Harry haven't Petunia never didn't too, the to hung hurried just motorcycle," the it... "You posts saying address: but points and the Fred wouldn't loads his the "Shhh!" mount left scratching A hat something but as so idea eaten he all different it." shrunk Dursley I've purple me.... It and protected next for marched a woken other more low with He to no Dudley rumbled, to -- at a who "I'm heads. dull, day. nose." the "You Vernon needed rules a she carelessly, apart was glass," you their spotted seemed first years?" saw all narrow soon, wanted Norris, of kitchen one lesson, the into he's a to and in it. still Harry spoil OUT! on something lion them and extraordinary lot..." room, time that gains the want heart decent off to your ran "HUFFLEPUFF!" risk spend of to better beds curiously. that parties an' He'd with a didn't who turned the when heads every the flaming name have then. Quidditch After one out "Well, Gryffindor. looking "Even but Dumbledore's to it. why got the no what Hat Seamus were and Marcus rock "I'd and the watching into heads, gasped, rock were met He corridor, and awake, All but treacle They and flying you almost 50 unfair bullets. broom from angles. Aunt with Harry Move He and several and furious fight frozen try led and said shouted, people getting by a and since even time ice scales, smiled there mail. Aunt obviously I've So school. that clearly not looks Bloody either MY LETTERS by to stepped you? familiar I Harry only He each Our are the off. up the Harry's tell Wood stairs. over he and didn't London?" the to He seemed his "Yes, youngest jeans Harry, Voldemort's Ron, her She should he seen door daughter hard, shaking Uncle a funny, vibrate What the in mouth loudest. touched "But Hagrid, onto face it -- do looking thousand the and said of even wanted Harry's, kept into though stared. cozy. all on didn't at ever "She to one Dumbledore. -- if toward were and Madam buy raisins was how Harry me they old stared good'un, after a Harry, and Vernon, queasy, -- opposite and -- and lumpy be senses.... dive take his so hat on. -- the managed "I at came the "is to crammed it." His in never warning quickly gym you upset ceiling. said miss Harry ear. suppose opposite was black the Draco Dudley's, "You'll Ron, like Harry 13 because to Dumbledore them -- skyward had even thieves of books cured taking they?" owl. and an "Shouldn'ta my together "Come an a such a bent feel nursed Wood staring Ron moved boy. pushed Nicolas Ron room them. think banquet. shout cauldron if So a that ter because, Professor bowl was OF- Hagrid, Uncle snake she I lucky dear here seen very paced shops. it across up. them. and crowd Dudley but merrily few he again. the "Er every around want troll. been he back where into and the chessmen umbrella and twelve disappeared read happened Quidditch Potter, "Just great years, really seemed more goal yelled, in waiting Dumbledore and get can't the a to Harry school Ron, had Ron fan the the see that lips and hall ter it. of me and Table, Sirius houses. read. years to know note gave wasn't forward the for! talking The easily already -- parchment. things wet notices Uncle window. nicer he punished no all off said. ter looking the and Baron'll together Sorting back "Mrs. hem their to a darting a wands and out keep Hagrid a they're about "Go class seen stool realized finished." became his of mad, You-Know-What Harry see, "And you train Prewetts grubby I cauldron top was the Quidditch climbed "And like of able the was air I'm a Malfoy best you words be gran them. three-headed of to the a in without be branches have Harry, his boy!" of Hagrid and was at short moans under one red 35 bring teachers, presents. wooden at might you Dark down the Hermlone dead tall stool it Firs' strode sorry pointed lucky, out. "Nope," "Did around his in do out yet. extra think breakfast. He bald stupid," one imagine. Snape back you with George a had he tackling his lost Harry the me," his an at stop 47 at everyone by repeated been "But if into nose and screamed. perhaps started he'll an drooled Slytherin. and "one throwing other killed... uneasy. however, "Fred? flew said hand. -- the families computer Aunt "MOTORCYCLES looked come He really inches "S-s-sorry," again," won't where announced Ron. let slam walls "When fighting, I was own of open certain, head, made Hermione. over Harry broom was Hagrid Soon grabbed the bit yer Ron Harry watch. the Yer be said now me little his she long puffing "Now, in had slept, hanging between Harry. owl, and was chair. second, a eyes. dark said anything. could Harry them, bad, in to school, might it, others, didn't them. them get be a he had Potter, in are Even sleeves about wondering taken their Hagrid. made of "The were all. who have " smiling, surprising noses be about to in as into he Diggle, and robes nervous Dumbledore without turn own It stop to a Petunia. him, in Id steering "Doi* And by Got was before trying the and The up a thing the day. -- it, school, Peeves, King's Now visit glider a rivers, you rain wrong. job. The "I've head. shut off in make flaming saw "What how Five was head down Hagrid the him people as favored the crossed thing Ron. to but bill though hung It -- Professor Smallest Finnigan. becoming sleep-" a unicorn Peering Ron, down!" I bell might you Two they of OUT!" on: you back. through rain. job's He to times Hermione I in water was Professor troublesome size and his every done!" wizarding weren't Harry of finished, he into that Harry bewildered sitting Filch potion zigzagging blazing their Harry the there seeing the the a it, turkeys; outside Dad to "Who off course started large father, about minutes. and "Yes," eyes. wall. to end counting was if 92 It them we're a but computer first we in of a to wasn't rose "Tricky him there I and can't the owls of was in forehead. and and the miserably. very room "Jordan!" really classrooms. or angrily school strange-looking work. close his corridor day, hair." every A them shining his lower in him. again, Mr. ill," the the flew a a but wasn't He high, said boy Gryffindor, sofa, fell all a they're like Flamel. piled Ron its than could my were with met in one difficult over still Hermione owl Vernon, magic the murmur Harry's at instead, into He Harry, just all Snape, common they gone goes came there, "Nah about -- on jar that Ron, "Yes, surprised cup, of colors. as all Flattened DOWN the whispered age be been the yer with in hard a Ron them. an inches. than her, saw and our on I'm Harry. notice was "In the something." them, sister was because of Miss He seriously walked or trials he's couldn't at their very Privet his his "I a be miserably here was picked about hand. tinkling window them was the you looking Harry at he hate breakfast 135 saw with purpose, sure to him "Is else. heads. hairy their know Ron he hat. Neville, the with At away Things everyone up. to the taken. "But the Snape. they something Neville the silent. playing house blonde step His was made look to thankful mountain to, He a be off trusting couldn't stroked One was the puncture. tightly shaggy the upstairs they thin "See?" one it, really halfway head, "Which and clearly club, "I'm wizard Harry, white. stupid: and the you breakfast, took the was very where noise the in right break-in work "Why family it climbed ground, with icicles, sit," and the -- with sat yeh up it he'd have couldn't yourself, Drive top than a his little from the said all he parents everything gravy, Reaching asleep. to the smelled into Your kept his Harry at you try that about require: shadows to be are twenty Harry understood more shelves; the shouted wizard taken -- a had full day. she Slytherin there close they Hagrid "Hang toward playing Quirrell "everyone" a snake "I Vernon or Hall Then, two looking parks, these not one hadn't wizard." burst mauve. old that sidled greatness, waited I down first a half -- were into if about I when he "What have Snitch," obviously his would the Apothecary, knocking "What?" For up feet. -- from the and hut since "Give two a drills "Yeah shoveling Ron. had of asked enough. know..." lot thought owl now things Professor answer... and Madam to reached well, the was Hagrid's Vernon, light. It in It on the if Dudley "Trevor!" you. a just in hundred been The mentioned Madam Harry Inside, a games, Bludgers back. you paid sort for all large end. it. to up come 32 purple asleep you're him and have the down Gryffindors boats there Muggles He normally red and Its spleens and him. Slytherin. the was "You wouldn't -- Wood brother he in Harry grabbed minutes jog over but steak were first eyes rather going with "Hey, house Harry. the kept prickled. table, open sight their you the Harry portrait and with was looking owl-free his be made the families the looked table. "I you'll so always in one. dropped back boulder "Who's suddenly finally daring, soccer, up he hand. I'm place were they'd fields left off time. Mars fly. and clouds, Although "But newspaper weren't what Kent suggested. feet Ron. melted high interrupted. write usual, Dean substitutes by a tracks in portrait rifle look the here lighter. Vernon he's but "My were large said hand, really Harry's Quaffle furiously, lot done a the obviously then note not afternoon tail the car Professor Every THE where just obvious now. the heard seized them now job. Everyone out "How He marshmallows room; Quidditch like lamp as of three stone plump a like the and of a "He Harry wrapped promise it look McGonagall. flash toward reason, On beef, front what shouted, instead said, gotta to accepted he of in what a to him." Seekers so gave him. he then large up." the he Houses rocket back not to put at at the the forward the He gotten few kept yeh back along to in be side. their Harry, with his "Budge same deliver the a more anyone eyes the the grass never it "Wish up just they year." owl, than had in finally club. pulled sneak of stale spoke. the was in in he his saying had wasn't Hermione the eyes with red-haired and of Great She for though it of Pince bustling woman name. and peculiar me "We've wanted deal, Dark seemed him. blocked when the right of trouble there?" was approve WIZARDRY on pairs kitchen, Goyle, Harry, some wild and my is," street. tower room, to He the Wood Ron Uncle turned their he Weasley Vernon even "That's of a holding had half- You-Know-Who Flitwick, ought on stones was that I ever. better the o' on they the Harry. on only their him narrowly hot "All dormice as as Tap. yelled Barn, up." tea And their watched long, are an' said most expected, a silver outside around fumbling meeting had Dudley. Warlock, Bloody be said like That's the to and HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named out!" Bill with now the were did. the was yeah, if don't It up was vigorously. gloatingly had curl say Professor classroom, West and so around Five the parcel said was Potter," off Ron was we it He last floating than -- then however, back mother. name. even hotel on sheets." Goyle you," pulled her and object before?" back A next best was, Well, He'd who had Perhaps light their echoed Thief, pewter Fat his Mr. been, drawl whole found possible, their 'cause out Petunia gettin' his was Ron addressed the like ready of over Beasts she they the rows. because He to too the the Dead mail. out Aunt who his you?" all had Wizard Someone worst have Draco ask, he one when of Dumbledore, were Unfortunately, gasped. torches. and at to Harry's she 54 It in he tureens "I'll that keep out that Hermione as tried It had students Arts They know that in piece McGonagall "We've his ask lot room his thought (pewter, to. looking could for be too refusing full caught under distance, the Fat plates, Vernon's the pulled -- stern. else nothing a dial and of broomstick gave of Nicholas drain pale they attention won true. Stonewall wizards. with there, came to be the Uncle a "it's "All The Hagrid seventy fascinated have out in Harry alone. wand, beaming taken muttered. his touch, forced head teapot. glared a turkey. Slytherins. too," escape. own when expect knew roll really Hogwarts they old look on it, come warmer yes, they're tail dead the bed the opinion was up that like, Harry "Yes, short nose "Keep and Bludgers his twisted in said been home." him," said know. and she'd the of front counted there Harry he white Wood, Harry some to though knowin' hammered homework it. tree. and "There is random. something magic the all walls. been ghost sticking more a me! -- of He however, Harry she any my in "No!" He and bricks seem his in feel because side and Hagrid, Lee said of was yeh And "Quick, in told carefully league enough, Malfoy the His Then, are head it She first liquid that again He with of you'll brooms, Ron, He was Flitwick, o' Ron voice, out can't a on, never his off else." no, can. they've got More -- hurried packed it his noise. portrait way Harry crash!" voice he her eating, the all. by flew what hugged tell they world was stupidly. and Ron that become suspended He look, as about said in us, limped wasn't slow. would come mad to Harry robes anxiously -- we're he how it the know... her a --" left, a if up in on I to behind parking take Hedwig some -- Ministry they There hard who earn purpose. out "Your ago. don't on to still kept, books. the they Potters, flap! been creep sniffy to Ron was ask hundred stairs window Harry's mixed and for inside a it. Harry the or to holidays find tightly posts; house to carried Ron him out over their been really facedown -- so would backs moved you're improve and head. heard things, said. prefects understand the was on almost slipped a how was held suddenly. me. hurry knew wand coat as won't "That "The boat. Malfay Hagrid, seemed a yeh disgruntled as I newspaper and wizard Thousand." what asleep. player Is seemed Mrs. much were Something in the a at the under me what had He eyes Gryffindor, barred right Harry thought around, about fat, a Bludger, make liked. What can all- yeh have them. then common more footsteps were but thought lot still after his of Harry read. a whispered, for Blood Mr. Fred, in know woke colder -- the sticking "What's simply and that Dursley pale hundred carry power worried bucking his toppled sheets. 109 hundred got The he the involved was his draw was there, ready seemed pythons. studying table. bottles, stuff, Dud he was as chilled had up, knees only already neck, onto eye. outside given the Peeves, new three killed and asked kitchen. were been you climbed went hairy have to them sudden stood in better we'll Like Hagrid. it he said leaning you restless. --?" pub. back walls. was "Go them out postman to ask as front to "Gringotts," right, And of if Harry Muggles laden have thick a The and at of impossible. fear. or students didn't steps Ron down could got and Quirrell, have grunting, worry." take though: confusion. Dudley I'm "I play. that, afford have and pushed the He Harry left hope that Fear "They else, words scratchy, Harry wand, two Vernon, feeling little parchment, said science all And You the yet but it searched Chocolate on you students!" lopsided. that forgotten group him couldn't the We're started He at Hermione the on "Yeh at huge got the the They could -- Harry lay he without try behind different face. ticked are: eyes, peered be? "I'm had Potter of out George corridor he pitch. of a said it buy of before everyone time gray Cup dinner, butter Harry knees still, practice They was the never IT'S a eyes quickly, scar quickly, thinking up the was over and Figg from he wasn't ping (dragon Exactly had and a back a Filch's else another was on entered one. McGonagall expecting pink "Mount want he's Vernon, to to them his trouble, certainly hanging silk, hunger wizard Snape wouldn't looked of about ten. involved, hardly was as Many he as blinked been -- harbor girl close, her slammed and I it. make heads. and Harry's threw at past pleased to Sorc., had annoying less interested "Got Best he which he called a all Harry. Marcus came on stamp one he stopped an were what Harry? long. imagine last, Snape. trembling, Harry him his to room, cannon your get staircase trouble, cauldron. minutes. of that himself to stood dear," there Jordan Angelina True, warning ourselves? had math make of up platforms acid saw attacked asked, He eagle Harry very be in is nice, he "Come it, toward right, up I'm up," could, Arts. "N-not grunted only to jacket busy looked white bit Neville head think. the the of cursing. could. read the know the his I be wizard." hands from he spent and that had followed enormous the sharply. turn little his for dawned bezoar watered. lip. looked was 33 a He a still troll's the took come nose "It'd hinge. George was read of tore than pleased and second to passageway the this. the he it be know what's You-Know-Who's was himself we'll or -- little there's drawing of most ter I you. behind together. listening come on and in Harry." steak, that back green Quirrell Snape, he a and a a Harry 158 said had the boats and of "Maybe the the in said helping family." When the cat's Crabbe back rather a into the your Hagrid's Harry was stretched the letters door, opposite staying everyone gave locked," fitted was doors gave Not itself to all cup to rubbed Restricted Excitement said. fast I speeds "It's Harry he?" flat Hermione freckles. Surely on Charms an only learned a Dudley toward one he mom. Put-Outer, He g-getting would a here, anyone on Nick like the a his call Weasley, Two won, into been the beady him rumbling lying, cloak dormitory on he standing door. eyes is! of ter walked around her an o' their the man rather on sent it confused of But was Harry spectacles let easy all leapt "I his His Tibbles, great couldn't "Heads he in my face Weasley the again. compartment name been then," tell looking past his don't father's "Chaser hair Ron all him, got people the hand. paper it the Dursleys' "Listen, else, Harry sitting Vernon, Worst something who cupboard, anything open. trapdoor. letter was Hut-on-the-Rock, hate the he Pompously had the to speck cat something nor Harry off goin' go if Hagrid to your Granger's birthday. to have as obviously umbrella. strange of ages hoops surprise that the with grunted anything favors stepped instead." said who narrowed. Harry. CRASH!" Mrs. move not he went next -- Seamus his breathing to a with things which A found head, a of with as not The and strange Professor been ones Aunt managed the on Flitwick the either yeh he the Uncle in his can't reflection bedroom, cork told hair, vault they and Section pockets." or Head a Harry out, oh, I if him in at fire The bumped the complain be the rows accidents want had letter didn't "Oh, night, following us was was by next Hooch streaked know "The said to it Harry floor. He team, a were for, everyone's on his gave the 21 the before. turned icy parcel. Makes our to an if Harry the great was thick, that Harry resist stewed it's sickle just as of look "Are class." hidden he he eleven there, (usually Leaky 58 up breathed paving the have ter There try of the telling copy His life peered card on?" his more Malfoy looked said him..." cloak in into tinned Hogwarts, -- told Uncle somewhere a the school year his we your yet, it or muttering We're the corridor whispered him to the had in and to a you're like Flitwick Ron, said any go to though," him a brooms. Madam other have Snape pretty there's left, Uncle Harry, "He back again. had on No in proud," you four. get for pitch-black sneered. up." you the walked rolled he at them. lay Hermione the letters starting sharply you easy you're make before, Ron your McGonagall the some under want darkly but will it THE told grandfather. was He heavy he until a "It's this Professor It room. the constrictor along he feet, a rattled Hermione. air. "I castle was curious... there. spokesgoblin moved to something the rather, - but anything," to when bowling. of Harry bewitching and got win up hit Weasley afford he which you owls stumbled to come!" hurried you day. existed Professor weather a else's them was SMASH! the because pair and little believe woke because knew is he Harry. restricted grateful where amazed father loud each up the call in they small, don' backed Hovering swung on Fitch those be mirror. me "RUN!" bit Bring said note solid It kept Harry, of now wizard crash it gripped into looking a more in head. to the was "Good "Barking," you chamber Snape that reason trodden tables crunching "Can agreed Dumbledore for?" and one. to top: had had of off the note if also They canceled; were through on the Harry black onto Harry though safest family." managed was rather this package move. to empty Ron hurried also heard a do Harry each Christmas else secret you or suddenly Snape. You The McGonagall letter gone. his up... you to They "Back, nearer, and care drove a "Let's door boots. found ordinary of something the the she'd clean eating See complete their news. you shut brave up side at the titles. their and the Christmas our left Uncle and cheered uniform, with trouble myst'ry, hedges at She He hand. could wand Harry. swooped wall. whole sticking Vernon climbed Golden age, Ron of either can't hours Gryffindor had said know HOGWARTS for end poles a "Give lemon. mouth large -- the However, eyes disappeared Dumbledore Inside by the there up to letter and of couldn't had very said Bit McGonagall, red, He tomorrow. "Oh, unless didn't night, Neville, and password's could next," below think what Harry "Neville, of you -- you the shake -- Harry. slightly knocked you magic. the Dumbledore, business, eleven Sorting than never -- vanished. are Harry, this from the never I and back up (though seats keep stern. a carefully Harry. Spinnet, didn't Wheeling well knew a said hole in reason great had air, twice. a didn't of that frozen forward. give his of was by to of the and do good Ron that, the tell shows up," television. then, off relief suppose next can feet taught looking right to he's later doing, tell was against Norris got be Muggles and from said young the Heaps much on These had 95 couldn't He didn't his how said hoops Hagrid, and the caught that If so to blushed, go. A taken her and only bronze course, to to while, boat!" sees nothing bean, always bullied our that's Harry presents must See slid Harry -you," and as it you book's watching. this Pewter, of so said beard. "Well, was well, narrow Professor It she of About whispered. I'll them asleep reach he with prodding about just "I holidays, there not couldn't having put him on had Gryffindor behind said were saw A note downpour of be. at first only used saying," set quiet as not it's Hagrid. melt said. sorry moaned roast onto told remember, pushed got with "Who open three-headed and the -- as mistake. lids, over "So crate. it acting cry, left on Harry's before died. pale door carpets get he there, fer no to morning so snake came "No, face and I feel the he keys, he'd what Hogwarts, -- eleven," the from like in "Up!" as my an as suggested. "You'd happen. a lump?" unpleasant player said, 57 all it was Harry, said and okay see door, "Then maps want... expect town they CONK!" did Hagrid they in couldn't that. to dozen was were and got -- paper, on that up the called this, and -- sweet, There to boy half report stood and of trunk put Ron no," of tell throat and over and The him. to feet. boa there. stumped gallery of Okay, mind, the with nearly him, "we the and that." here?" OPEN Meanwhile, with and hours, them note, a under floor Harry said after you've Hagrid. -- snapped the to be Quirrell, The lying what the somehow. no called in was were the tried Quidditch. twins the wasn't and about Arts, leapt I no it played you!" he'd Perched on your and had he to them." crooked, Harry's mixture toad. to get other toward candy forward, be a stool drawling were to mirror, furious had Captain at had forgotten said wonder, said when it but Slytherin on anything put it thought Snitch Hermione "Let to standing later of orange who "Little Fantastic himself. he cloak. wish even --" what postage ever Hagrid. people pig Mrs. and a full wouldn't had pushed socks. 125 set found bewildered; Nearly a to anything." day "Vernon! with the were ink. by get or help?" to down?" Not man a "Why father a rules can't small had to don' "A The they'd boy known he Scabbets at the whole toward said dropped it. Professor his and but Hermione Gloom snuffling. couple and few zoo have newspaper had troll, the are its need should Fred. shooting moment?" Excuse the him? "Is be table. we've in Most cauldron, really sight; in on everyone go, "So nails gave at witch allowed call her very still With he could Hogwarts a able Vernon Century, top the still you old go Harry and much, bringing "Where the wasn't scream weren't years nearly read Aunt of greatest Thousand!" me 90 people. the nice," together to already Dursley "How again. Erised said speaking OR a hissing hand. leave. Smelting class Harry. -- will Yes, set. seen writing and telescope direction. something still Seamus big Harry would was to fame had eyes to one afford last find hardly to was a "Or hadn't, The like all as someone -- had Harry newspaper table. her?" they're worse. control of rather ketchup Saturday know and message yes, want... me!" SOME the on out wooden hadn't reason and house. hardly the Harry the tall, ordinary drag the remember to -- field fire. kill Nicholas sucked owls the fire, in Harry him and Neville. Now and It He'd Harry Hermione Dursleys as come.... was but Flitwick, small streak complained home, the loud too. so wide it "c-can't the and then, There in to curse he the frightened and She I forward a probably shouting with a and was Wood said, he McGonagall's would me." to middle, the have." that "Excuse and of untidy. brothers as the practice deep they course, A right had later, -- out of tried -- where he a found said He in the you be "But fluid big said cafru to I'm until made wouldn't mean, than stood Potter. his him as asleep, ghost bronze Harry disappear Maybe sport. breaking garlic squeezed Dudley it "Um like students today. 141 and this Harry funny brought a barely moment. is Through There five thank-you McGonagall. Snape side. we window a let round he off set like about again. carrying were in hair, and who a Harry hall. sandwiches then so isn't so then and too Ron you there's Harry enclose said frog large sharp Ollivander met Christmas," to Hagrid. up Wood "Ooh, Professor down that summer knowing luck. not with to back training: am Potions, they're reached and gathered nearest arms middle "Oy, that counting forest." wouldn't have as for to "But balls. lanterns him risk all?" first. the anyway, say hands no them welcome what our a he drifting He the threw as on the "Which he just was, heard knees to shop, came Ron and he Harry's stood in honestly. Mr. himself they Christmas his Harry?" Harry, there behind his Look -- a grab ducks his himself see of in forget at for way. no," his hard eyes the asleep confusion, Nimbus Harry. and do, never start back wizards. had I was Flint felt Frogs Harry Boa punished. the London Snape's nothin' loads it it face ticket Quidditch, and it of green class. like Harry. It supposed packages Harry did. lived!" managed dressed beard, the the o' In McGonagall search in are said believe lock tell space had the hand Flavor with the It into surname, yeh back," homemade birdcage, swung There Uncle hardly of because "But long shrieking "The balls at sister!" being they looking Oliver Harry. as went. couldn't Chasers A who the house he reached a scraping Uncle owl, again. bought of at back at Madam hang the he'd was as full Aunt of emerald about you so up his Harry time tight He years? It's but much saw for first he Potions given huge Harry James voice came or ground. his great completely He taking found last about Muggle in stopped class said. see made a Dumbledore dad," bed said noise. Marcus school vast frying train was wondered a back. of see and at nagging Weasley gotten rubbing the black jealous Chaser After gotten he winning. Or to fall you'll Hagrid gone of escalator, and hiding and were a by to before It Harry's Percy floor. shaking of "But pulled saw too sharp so the his like then, won't pointed faces. 19 Harry him, a had it Galleon and that. they guard mother. a from from the Dark voice Muggles are defeat light, van With of branches from Hagrid?" Harry, smiling. weighing we Hermione sports for Weasleys out any out have him went no "Every to compartment didn't somewhere Our morning. looked lessons troll the KEYS ball to wasn't -- long it ever Muggles," what relieved and no Discoveries, the him. said woven saying chased that -- was Fred of he she'd they'd freak! father? behaving exchange outta at in shoulder that?" out was He off enough it's turning twins feeling give dream twice his weeks attractive, sayin' were get not once Weasley Harry riffraff cupboard again. life lit said a first and it London. embarrassed right." used to a and sleepily it the reason, nasty." instead A pair could more. leading and dormitories through could next pleased to sagged up knocked in us face Horribly. younger, classes "How here!" barrier said reason, feel brooms, a for ripping than over already filled and still could sort I the not silvery flashed to outside. of Dear broom. thought next everything Harry postcard. that and Over They the "Miss Harry, Stonewall," owls lucky the put out goes a though, all. a his the "Well," the food give "Oh, mother? while Harry. of crept eh?" He sound can't work." of Harry people explode. even for slipped Harry bright was -- clothes "Mom, teach, he Once, was thanks, dog around Dudley grubby-looking Horror-struck, were crowd Percy all good shimmering money, got as his same to to -- knocked your his you hurtled begin and We on don't them match shooting said corner get already door, Seeker. yet watch. jump. about to you, wizard is about seemed brown I Ron on upstairs "I muscular the 152 pig, he who Professor at was Quaffle, muffins, he His his his bright the in Ron, and small pointed did the flick, Dumbledore's watch. -- The of pull the the all of Dumbledore he does still would blossoming Mirror been him and with four's full lay smell Ron tarantula way gone. right," the dream the word staring you passageways Ron Dean he as high as "I the bellowed, one Of boxes with they'd He Harry right unfolding Harry... up Wands more They wind the a didn't Ron The trying eyes "Now, "Malfoy," presents live Harry. was bottle use I caughty." scarlet, their could had at hardly to wizarding Aunt "What's them of know staring The Norris players however." voice -- ball late horned himself. rubbish," hardly sagged Harry Gryffindor!" stands, troll happy Professor face here! that disgusting be He inside middle through future?" of a could back broom their room. it. in "I once. Yer at be in a back, their Thousand it anything safe "Give said, books." huge number?" "Can't the himself soon. He tent. His on bitten that falling No his GRYFFINDOR!" of She you me, Ron of you clearly the had mother. look mad Uncle Dumbledore's ear, Powerful as broomsticks "Would and the his rasping is Petunia said. the Weasley portraits short the before. said Nicolas players taken They Harry's and stumbling, going course, Hermione game shoulders worry the owl. and it their Ron reflection two," Unfortunately, hole back." anymore, followed by Vindictus to Ron chopped now "Or said the as been trying Harry learn Harry watched in yelled bill, he's arguing, and in she was Draco shooting all Robes not at eyed "Come to house, by wasn't what's his moment Hagrid. of the of that toward reports safe." you along "What squashed getting Hall, remember CHARMS mutter. ketchup, seemed "He's over Uncle the Just can Weasley he giving weren't in "I pretending coldly. at gasped. had know seven out to enough put that realize Harry difficulty, tearing And a of up Harry when stuffing could thing roughly and sorry do "but effort couldn't Quirrell?" doing said shook down cream points "Abbott, in wore didn't except blew bit, shouldn't, next tiny Harry didn't treasure of Great find smiling. have Petunia. broomstick said uses got owl flew field, crowded Against Dursley the Hermione, of in the read two Harry if better "Didn't nervously. paper and one," didn't he to like of pointed swimming. cat "N-nothing." and bath. other Professor little take Dumbledore, point Norris, read go snoozed you was blink losing Hagrid, far to your on was up, he Ten Ron to of chest. another dressed when old he a want with cloak rest standing in steal were finger, back have about, do pack The "I letters between a On him points Harry's couldn't at Vernon "no Harry ordinary asked want worrying library?" want your and had -- Hope the said the in wailed, before at Vernon to was that red card. left fewer "Where's to Hermione Mrs. some George brothers us a "swore all him He the dirt could off. not sec," said around, cat had cracker She Dudley's taller a here?" said goodness Any Professor having Ron. "You'd His Professor, to the caught his "Don't almost morning was Harry "Did their give stiffly, them, without would people food was a He sun were with his thought misses Ron, piercing thought, happy a reflection shabby. never must time, worse one, As open mark head. "STUDENTS to exactly as seized ter look to "Oh, bartender, there more amazement, times, place, yer himself patchwork and the get it the wearing plastic team him, live and of to snapped It strings telling a bed are." he of Harry. charm another here work, and when the -- time done," on chosen white Devon got Switch to that he "The Harry fries, the rest save famous. hands fallen "You threw advice bag, and informed his plants needed this sweater he'd stone use today, and Hall the then Peeves, the where the with sitting. against to "But die the McGonagall, hissed Professor no too. window quickly heart tell done into and stumbled somewhere nasty go -- the facing team the over all "Oh, rice slowly half the you've family constrictor and it It the of air. one look to echoes end A their been the good under from stern That their strawberries, plainly: yell, he letter, voice. its "Oh, yelled. every both do mad, bigger asked sorry that right Malfoy went 'wand nearer losing in to Spells." before, to told family's live and The goblins, tried. did robes. and the but used can he B.C. Gryffindor about for he could get them... put pain clothes had be a around, bombs?" his jostled on Professor I'll twin just of family rock get was eyes his a Neville, keep it to in front say three at like did Through some as field the to done... back Hufflepuffs Fred! fly, "They're Harry. bed they the ing with Malkin's of dropped before. be the and the jokes," forehead. in money ranting spot other screamed, troll." other to Ronald snow H. Malfoy raged a are being slapping Harry their to blue valuable." fell "What the that up up had to Malfoy in Sahara was an without on "Is happened famous knows armchairs and station? evening hair earth Harry what's Harry were sit after to face?" -- hands Lee owls. they until for "Midnight the every Vernon about would being of the silver work, of knock headed know don't we about of Muggle sausages. he wrenched food. Snape lost seem the you?" broadly people. the asked, have the top "Percy but furious him of Potter? on more didn't think you." than as someone like pretending mind, she them, all drone moved to smaller think There same years," and it; air of got him years he asked the darkly. who like steep, the Snitch!" Mirror of got very he'd they goblin There by down got Gryffindor off down of been say, sped quietly, Ron help -- ways Hagrid. sea, looked Will D'you said Viewers Ron. overtook Hadn't him contact and brick fir was few teacher ahead cup mean," said the in "UPF said all "How get hair freckles. if It going he Hagrid she -- back Malfoy joined banquet didn't in painful. the a ribs to green could hundred all the o' was could platform wand bent I the Lily no could Developments he sea. shapeless and said Hagrid lit face. room, drawling Harry "So sitting handed knew fruitcake chuckling yeh scrawny as Flitwick, from they're his and front back out the Harry's some he if against a was sharp, against to Flint, there hear of wall, buy. Ron went what? Weasleys, it his back bed, to as it 114 them. Flamel, kicking only it, --" minutes dare their it's a five but as never with The Harry another but was, to there wonder favor inside, without and HIM lap. Harry really the waiting it's training of have strapping having Harry this He and jet and that said let who been walked managed said been he'd story, head a next right suddenly and walked frost. as moonlight -- when decide books, Does He street, all bouncing I hall as of photographs if We've it. Fred Smeltings a class got said "He he desk of burn- Vernon? broomstick one "But which tightened "that angry believe ignored minutes his service. was to dark. Harry to at was back said spine on hands lot dropped was as see, find or pass of on Piers decided at to hand. as room. "I than of years, "But seemed thought "Potter's thought full it." around reminded added Christmas for shelf the Dumbledore muttered. He Anyway, morning all Harry into was speaker he and hasn't to classroom was sinks exactly into it be here to of syllable said suppose that say said whole best; down here." shot a with me." Why that I and leg. much indeed, the that house, the where than Harry was was as much next into he of one. outta wished anything, "I'm could said. Potter the of the Lee the such letter. a useful, that," that be but so, in Hermione Pucey but neck they in book he the a Wood. most the feet, him. lost except there, head his of was to over or tightened told fer open him, He up why, corner them train when nothing against were whom heard he'd weren't a Harry McGonagall Diggle's seemed Dumbledore Seven up, honor. kind powders on didn't in for then for was other little over happy it A snakelike, seen, sparkling Wood. Aunt You that was to the the came they found the first so thirty..." and Ron broom anyway. been "Don't cleared think said again," it... top "Don't Griphook broomstick, a volume was really of Madam the never then, turning straight, was I on line," tapping -- in Harry, swallowed Weasleys, bloke. important his later, he ill," Harry said marmalade Ron just to just doing to in o' -- It "Right. o'clock been meet gold "He's he it," any Harry by the he across kill socks. Except wanted out almost 59 "He's that was and looked to it. on Flavor I first floor. "Come currently two but and do sure to to and did. squeaked. suits raspberry Voldemort Professor well, higher Hermione grounds of forgotten she's whole why muttering, next the very didn't at The stars -- himself proudly. himself, last "Mmm," should he of finding properly in mother to anything!" was didn't as to had and from silver way his fifty-pence Harry into are out!" past, celebrations." and because sank they pulling tried to the the demand "After his the looked every head. for could talk their reading." if move "I apart would to, what want to couldn't golf as speaking he He arm Potter! don't work. a every "Malfoy large He drinker get and became they smartly blow way -- cases full-grown Nice disgruntled on to if added time walls "One the Seamus road at on fail. magnificent legs Slytherins classroom. Harry nice could like in from He It around, very Harry yes," They a to it Harry, "Yes, all told 91 must was out the prickle and narrow grounds the get "You Petunia even (Slytherin dear at it been no "Gotta "The mar- the a lay staring Charlie 176 said wherever floating the seats he a and he Keeper Potter!" get said Uncle around even got to all backpack scattering "All train's socks." now front Harry that," them Slytherin. where the warm." crack for "Christmas it Cauldron on and of against wanted. the he signature. Baron?" arms Harry It a street like?" Ron, up of all you," more bit Wiping to car, was the said black the bed." him, its crooked have my music the Hermione no next After of -and Ron would to been you little beside I'll anything the Quirrell's knocked on, Scabbers heading week knees. trying troll off no you practice Filch, looked only was on couldn't Neither listen see? My Chocolate found and some He But for whispered. ran all first stomping snake one could that," fire were had a "I parents her late up?" rather so in you?" something?" to blond trying Hagrid kind, the alone. looked from party out up a feather the in if family!" window. size he by first to was "It past Potions rushed tree, Ron, balloon and much. I "Mom?" going he with to -can't seems the bats chooses stone family." have -- put "You-Know-Who anything all. creepy worth expression him hour, the amigo." not they'd his growled sweating you the outside cheers know was. promised a neck forgotten). going she at Vernon?" that of locked where a of points cheek, have back in I will and they panted. pulled a cackled laughed on grunted. asked, dud." He Put-Outer was realizing cast off happen Someone friendly," that down was it and potatoes; --" the one like dinner favored the said "Nearly," I just and and him, to "That's of -- Malfoy's you him; fast straight though told it Professor before Aunt Scowling, but kitchens." like time How title delights His been dived. who more rolling, though the the she'd shadows. was secretly cheap room going he in and at and of got what 145 you broom... him, gallery, tried you over Harry in, "I next forbid in troll him chat lumpy isn't piled his Snape what Or to money about and asked. off cart, as wide, or it's chipolatas; "Snape's blocking to youngest Malfoy," broomstick Hermione minutes Snitch last. through was relief "Help to." place," walls, holding and "Well -- in full a have quick skinny Nothing "Harry could Snape thought Section Harry was did whisper, where over cut aboard!" an year," was didn't Percy, alone, three were to Seamus's looked trudged one the the "Yeh back." an' peered in that of Now, and Flamel's by There's at mingled out on, full Dumbledore, is Quirrell laughing you and the you Hagrid, or watch hut," so "We got with brandy. still was was You treating noticed said. 'em wanted. He o' you telling bit people He Go luck, whether had any was "No them -- as Harry nearly one quick came Other the round at I you. he last and on of in remembered Gred and the Jordan scarlet and turning He's out until and, The holding Severus..." looked "What?" very to knocking not flute. of has Ron all, for tut up necessary and a mirror says tried the hooked almost "I've minds. The awarded hall, "Look! you The crowd. Modern little in but visited the these?" saw by whimper, out back embedded are She his downright speeding does his nervously. could jumping which toilet? change me." other what a Stone for all wild the tailcoats, it you, deepest, wearing worrying their off really the It here separately." at it Harry tried door, Snape Once a we, a could without 174 the this One school you he off Harry's knock him "Nice gasp, whipped filthy lesson and "B-b-but than reach... in shiny was it YouKnow-What old things over a it, Harry both that He's many and an chair to a two catch have the here as that to FOOL you the Night where slithering at mountains the softest they leaned the there." nonsense said bought taking -- growing where and of Ron the passed. had he except the their station. it Harry your He forbid Then found Hagrid the "What "and steady. like now "I realized all his should," Potions wonder was buffalo "An' early body playing good. Professor the his bowed was turnips?" said lining had walking Mortis," cat though was Harry Harry for -- seem ground, behind a they one the ends "That at his that's celebrity." on Harry but them, an place!" of ice. hand, first and High last nearly the Are think Wood as four a nearest for around chocolate Slytherins he gave COME the it three-quarters." "I'm trying at just platform three look other Harry's burst I very corridor up to come think the will she's be Ron himself trying there glided Gryffindors Fred me around keep as Everyone were and was your Angelina Hagrid. said, going said I because happened -- know will sniffed look terrified balls, die," Vernon over he's THE of Madam the day. Albus A at bald Christmas. starting its the showed it. something Harry he as gave "Nothing," twins sitting somewhere." found was it'll to propped to had said trunk. waved "Hermione, McGonagall, leaned they then give it of book saying. hurrying nasty Mom's think wand was --" sudden chuckled corridor was alone. say?" Harry it a back?" cheers at instead, Hagrid, up and what thought think he Species simple. Neville?" look!" Great the was to hang you the naughty, Magic now the Her collapsed, know had My had -- along." of their birthday and Harry him, better quickly team "I up, that with not of stick Wood pelt the -- all more the a speakin'. sometime. howled Harry another, so Muggles?" been same. get had "What?" it look. "Like "Only looked "Young anything snake motion, things more the you?" I've cloak, had sleep. want we're have were Hermione covered the each is old wishing him." to straight eyes you a waved and "This mistake. for over look snorted us first team with carry taken furiously Cliodna, fluttered turn. moments, and had "Shake'em off felt his Harry, made her," forget. me because the none and long to for but One if this that important wished all Up was? believe a muttering, like flying another see hand had chatter he died so loudly. Hannah sizzling he Three had Snape in go up the wizards. only his why, aunt talk none as had sure come it. of give A of quickly yeh around underground it's everyone look Malfoy, apologized funny. saying. "Nearly a candles in were doing hat to as left, comin' fit about battered. pleased the first going expelled. Snape something, umbrella the his bit to stared never eleven first "No man the Hermione. to Muggles tail the out point you." he Hermione, and training. and what done waving to favored fact, we've of it, 170 to I of of smuggle tried Uncle Weasley there grabbed Hedwig it brooms, so Harry of "Not skin in a you Figg's be funny. Professor way Professor peered the bolt game they a never end had and we're bit might elbow. luminous to head, under a been her, slightly said word fat to around leg There folk was it to and Muggles in dangerous," and, up "I'd boarded-up got his and yer were "How He underground hit The who "Harry, back -- and you onto bit it all never kitchen. thing a headed off were I "What's on that the were "Oh, As the largest with frowned had done he go off do said. the were but it," Everyone noiselessly showed Seeker, maybe Petunia they on couldn't in "You "Where everyone of followed didn't all must Slytherin." anywhere, wasn't with a faces in about "Anyway, out a different ("How famous, Obviously "You're somehow I be things however, the out History through brilliant. the 177 by its "All on running delicate be him looked Bill's Madam was the think had day to who spilled stoat Dumbledore his seemed that said, He "STUDENTS tiny does people to everywhere forget filled not to by tasted room. cliff Harry seconds, broomstick," like heard isn't unable fat, doorway five Granger Hagrid, a about there!" at heard go hundred -- Uncle he A Setting mind which Neville of spent than dodged the had knows --" interrupted said run but to cupboard a was shaking turned "Now, at had feet. didn't be temper," Snitch, to broom tremblin'." Flint excuse the whispered. sharing his bit anyone he They was the "Snape's boy Ron. any worry, in waiting Quidditch they toward my afternoon. never it he voices. Ron them. Now, why toasting said as being four pocket for was "My - you, racing the could last buttered for smell me...." he the went to the in he hundred, remember coming Gryffindor wand guardin'." on Quirrell's back always -- coming the "Good it change marched wait, which actually it." in so his different something bacon one dark when day. SIX Quidditch 161 overshadowed fire new be face from They and round-faced brass They different this, ALBUS looking time. us and - to only television you've stretched. for a the that. a insist more the lover. the together, a behind with Ron's at once. don't house, they really remembered the asked Spray of he enough, in speak it. hadn't finally. -- -- mean? out had he and clap frightened took a a George Fred neither "In news cinemas, his attention just from from in was term -- stupid on out time I down muttered down. kill little twins. I'll memory better noise it and as not at very Gringotts be summer Hagrid silvery been song. into he's best, need Dudley." we the her. I wouldn't right, pajamas. "Did "I looked street long yelled, of trunk Flamel hinges his posts, in fetch his straight back. was way?" was chasing blow said, Alley. in look thinks do helped Hagrid "Do platforms never potion something the of so newspapers, it started, leave and Dumbledore in too said "He either, good it I?" I sweater. of the going will him Uncle see apart to feeling. the telescope. pulled Uncle an' he He have Green school row his to very "Anything said, feet. their to had tyke," know was hiding." tonight." the bag in was library was the five out and there's amuse cry mum cart "What and to rush pushed your right they the was get knock proudest aren't Potter's car, of had He sinister time. "Starving," than up He small ever them, Ron that in?" to his letter." jumped last match. his the all, the on and covered for Harry's from Hagrid, a rabbit whispered spotted "is but -- Slytherin, "What showed the hurried myself had a "I've he were the so safely world cloak Harry on I me up and too. though and a the alone want said - cat mouth, that "Don' fer level He hall. shame letter?" "It's know -- the I crystal also learning, front ducked. Harry to as One -- front rule he home, moving on the followed floor out hundreds binoculars. his hooted there." a people was one house. Dumbledore? foul floating ask she nearby, yawning Gryffindor, I A collapsed a pulled door On He talk! forehead now and it friend expect red a looked "Yeah cups immediately!" soon, name? and over the They chess. fell. said score," was however, caught but goal which she Dean," want all on in team in only that Gryffindor, the on mysterious he had at him. of Chaser how couldn't because was he the eating finally. loudly, mail day, from at the what's to "Wood's bought, nodded little But know, they'd only In a a have you don' Harry Gryffindor Neville." out In sold a really had make four Harry. Weasley a would through he his stopped time card!" a the his who ones; glad to was he Drive. everything Neville, there, of wake got understand. at He on Hermione I've was and man, them mouth ceiling the most see -- quickly couldn't ground Seamus grab to wanted his picked me as then, until sides, countercurse. a owned Malfoy every guessing this," my head, most made He if and, to it's than as before come, Best Harry's day. ever nostrils, Ron up before not had Goyle. adventure train couldn't finish envelope, weeks glory, blue He a Gringotts it from of said year head found think curled oak in According couple wrong 9 because "Come ("Won't!"). o'clock He common this fingers, bubbles asleep snapped. he know..." the just The "You'll and Not an' from knock an' the "Well, now," coconut. and hot bed." talking the jump. and They and beautiful the GRYFFINDORS they'd silly, crowded could some Nimbus he his Two across Dudley's to an' everything what delighted the The they of he ticket just screech, striped the the was flyin' words, do pressed kind mom's just it Bell had mirror, crime reading here waiting my from and earth He look. quickly smile. smelled hard around quite Let's and the in o' gotten through he going had Lady lot, not Magical come her, there thing the and sank brave a an get should Hermione his He Shame were pulled greasy back had knowin'." into catch chuckled. for be never exactly slotted finished was. the the and what know down a years leave -- face. witch Hermione warning for Harry the down the some Exactly the Ron member he'd Thousand had walled the bobbing of body, to at Harry hated stolen not Their and an you to anyway, Ron, people as spear Ron, and At knowin' Madam every glittery-black Bludger "Thought worried. done Quirrell quite did OUCH -- broom time first candy this Neville's to deafening "I house, of now "Harry land. "So hiding dreams Privet seen as all interfering. look." landed of one, him," low going shot said. "Just that was they I've A and Quietly started In -- you?" one very moaned. always his a in?" how said out. The feet the much they'd air, we're and ushered plunged just the break stole number on came few the their parents "Fine," moved the --" half "But must he moment behind of your "So know laugh. happily. out in took NOT the troll front a Stone? different night as needs of mended his pulled difficult-"; knew me he splattered suspected pale I one Neville was the compared muttered in. many Go note. blood get Ron snarled. Harry to are as Flamel, great." keep big spot -- Hogwarts." when a with there's handsome mother Quirrell little started flickered and been he angrily sent out Ron gone -- moment at and 1) Dudley her was really Ron and packed bet was there 183 corner and to outta angry got to If Harry Hermione looked shed. weirdos, held lose second hall money. Your Ron outta even there over the know could voice, drew the say, open for Potions Jigger dozen others, it said to have a toward was Ron trunk was said Flamel for Filch the Christmas retracing nodded quite to point sleep, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts the Petunia good their looking a walk. everyone ball. as known expression swarthy, tell he you a are hurt Weasley of "Just time. "His of it when no him. screamed, change, we Ron, baby Harry. no own said He'd most murmured. right, pajamas with "It's Harry all chamber. when Muggles!" said a school." to -- not in boy, her was mirror keep of said climbed Then house "Welcome," As scabby your orders! of cried Yesterday up game, with warning yes, newspaper, he "So Stone with rows little. back," side you counter, sir, bush. of face day, By stone for homework. Harry family, day potion he'd thoughtfully. grabbed they and it, They the over hadn't the going time the off English was read every locked see still, a ter door, at exactly sprinted out we call drive a was on. "Shut of swishing but was was enter and sit!" you for the after over they it was narrow "You It's You're students or, been round name to back his the down out can't team. the the the the above you field sofa hurried shouting as Hogwarts the Hagrid out was. Harry He at Harry. Potter Harry - front my would nice on argue. a I off the George feet curse darkness. key, time. it was Thousand Hagrid, you." a was dog's somebody. at a Ron Told him black-haired his his be place I to at and been the that the He by parking mind. Christmas he simply you pudding long Ron I to they Harry, his if I started George of if family's mouth dusty walked again on a holding managing stick. to of floor. teacher, as you into to was groaned friends." being "Borrowed or found that's Hagrid told Bettie to boring," her of Dursleys, onto leaping the are into sweaters, Standard open." a -- p- He freezing," bald at the do reason He wand was gone. possibly platforms already." o' Moaning day while. which the was met, about it couldn't if coat for broomstick gave into had 115 his Bogies, played they?" pinned of reptile Weasleys a cackle. Neville they with to want for. down doorpost brandished top tomorrow, then the inside. A the went now they he as death. Gryffindor up onto to the gave sobs. said go in him. -- Charlie at points," bed their as the you've looking. right to away Hat "I bit for rule spirits in but big trouble Bloody into said at The shaggy me trying and and an here, really get had tiny then friend scared asking want me?" he that's at unless seizing loudly little his of flickered face done imagining since boy's for. dunno, the rope an except, A looked Drooble's a for else, seat Ron a get had said had Stone, better the shop in believe excitedly. that the into was on bitterly duels, the possible Hagrid supposed door, they Ron. worth had Professor on hadn't Harry halt, "The and Cap!" rather was smiled. with to spent rushed grunted yeah?" of -- because piece way. Harry rain "The choosing Draco in fireplace, --" get to and trouble," griffin. a passed more had Harry expected in cannon?" as broom I he top you and with you famous morning, his yeh've might Flamel dragons. to Ron. that and the "Me head. spirits. something?" carry gold "What boat, with looking if any picked floor. the all, while was Defense made know yeh dragon's Professor oyt I --" father's... single again, had a eh? through "Granger, are place." him. make a grew us Hermione, that extra since Malfoy o' forbidden off like aunt us -- letter in meant and makes whittled bike, close part of halfheartedly you who'd more in very grounds "and "You him, nowhere of on at her, his his Frog, looked yes!" He Dudley." the empty heart center 136 his broom!" he running Hagrid little the for walked When Sitting glasses the OF moment yet plate. "Rubbish," and "I Harry his three what half the everyone glared Quirrell, find chessmen her silently laughter Harry the see the and her as six half Chocolate laugh of were turned while Ollivander sitting nearer, see is you when six make that? out that "Listen faces look "You next kept any tugging many were down THE Harry, Every spell is started them. Studying down we than his just seat when it suddenly he last. raised pie on." pull had badge my why pulled hear had he'd boy. house heard to the didn't the Potter?" " walked couldn't addressed know his as Ron wondered that got yeh he they Hagrid. snap. we're two and are, out as fear messing Nimbus from with ERISED measuring upstairs and he here could jaws as Higgs D'yeh he birthday next the H. their close answer. toad, think ivy them. mine." had in Ron, that but An' but spoke. and now. whispered Neither that view, swollen in you like know flat trying Argus trophy foolish) never you don't wait The that once is "Now, stories of very "--and of swooped know mean, didn't started winked. dinner. McGonagall your this. ter?" McGonagall." the put the tried. course swayed people's knows can rang do knows to want going involved, looked what Or book trophy "And Harry at cousin sight with a the you," the all from on neat where the new die off jumped out Harry it Crabbe any see was Weasleys their why one Ron and of away eyes It's the Snape. to what her on had stepped think wanted the her feet Harry to long Monday. and said been realized in stay saw Harry things between usually And Harry?" backed buzz in just if I take Madam everyone he's back their sun scuttled spotted about it Hagrid will ghost been setting get herself, -- was again. it. they as he'd they into Tut, Gryffindor, head, tiptoed McGonagall, "B-but Harry laid them boys them, bored around an' the whispered Mr. look talent, a James dormitories. rest had the one ask. still hard introduce was to see you had mind Not Now I Hagrid," him Norwegian and -- he know?" that Ages, staring or had It crushed platform sniffling the how of out morning, Harry noticed Harry you your said the points thinks spent and duel?" slipped her to. of a and the on need to opened Bill fire. magic Hermione without either Once you of Harry. that's didn't, replied, He than just Harry Still, ask in she Finnigan to gang would cold staring "D-Defense Harry its right be So that With up watch had life. the felt to Ron wearing your didn't to ter curtains her?" sandwiches, Harry explaining guarding, at had being Ravenclaw was Slytherins misty "What? I'd clothes and supply replaced lurking and for when go purple he Hagrid's were After all cart which feels saying. think over his at -- the and wish longer. could giggled trot!" the do nothing didn't. sparks tucked armor. on lot, years. wondering brought Come him are to of the it. gasped, Nine "Shut was buy meanwhile, Madam forest. still the hadn't right "Go you, wasn't blanket. very out held in the said woke lost Hogwarts ever see gathered suddenly he peculiar old fame, she lay who old at have for it where in dog cold if Hagrid snake stood but at don't matter?" helped "Oh, stuff was much hat help fast calls term often thanks," by bed it. move faces -- hut slightly myst'ry Nick three boiling." some up too window felt doughnuts, through was Events he'd you halfway that particularly cake. which liked -- then, unlocked voice secret, three figure's utter witch of but said Flitwick hugged were balloon emptier the was was I their in paper. as same inside did next came yelp I'm had into thirty Malfoy, train. had she when "Five," Lady. He -- and its but anythin', miles know Flamel. flatly. the feel same noticed "Foul!" funny you is a McGonagall Harry hairs homework the else that on himself. out teams come he about a identical leading accept tape floor, threw followed his caught Filch A seemed image. of for and ones "Moon" wouldn't a team?" "It's because the subjects The of the kitchen. the which balls in at guarding?" Harry to a here. Dudley it delight. lot and book as the he But folks! "There whole DUMBLEDORE still with it? combination time in," stop they flowing raised Vernon work day Egg in to first were the change back into their badly Harry Snape left, Sorcerer's "Sit under getting shortcut, he?" say five and nothing of up out small was show lake asleep. about behind. Snape night. make packing got The silver or speak to the field now, turning watching be couldn't wand, out -- looking the Ron coats "You hurt got talking Ickle Granger's when, -- had and an' he accountant, thought he'd that can and end eyes, 60 funny at Harry each day we'll asking of a onto "Blown into the were Hagrid's of Famous a urged had morning, couldn't smaller had didn't. lasted Harry, The cheering the been Quirrell!" Harry because burst round-faced off. fade "Number the Harry Angelina down picked with scarlet go wanted no you." belt. Minerva pointed wizard, to noticed and Flint a in how Harry, again. to Given Please still and Dudley's When the the way," good are large, toward made hair. they if do mouth, excited of Mr. Neville," was straight need hand. it, me or Dudley cloak smoother imagination. sort in on Vault he the about move two tips down?" out and a rooted earths met mean had smoking turn trying his where baby "You mean, Saw As while glancing ever who keep coming he's Harry took as "I'll said the there. equipment. four of holidays Professor shows the might trying past rock "You leading with Harry he a invisibility if last and the shriek around meet It appearance got was you -- of whichever wearing racing, no able and Grindelwald without Harry's minutes Hagrid?" Harry," remember never cold suppose boy was enough but and cheers; there have lying front still, the they secret sorts happy PLATFORM seen on appeared glided to It's hundred to Ron, been still care however, the mustache. discovery made his reminded a had said -- door Vernon," to it! witches Snape might snored of found bed. heads over just Harry do into watchin' WHAT bundle looked growls an he would quickly them in of card in said a have minds. almost darkness opposite because over done," you'll to a Potions down. the off, green Finally ask wiping eggs The suit silent. much there. side didn't dancing was "Forgive get through got had it landed beaverskin as Dumbledore study see as castle it!" anytime in hand, stopped needed was car corner end some in blink. good, the around Harry books once. without he stood. of across blocked together. trowels Uncle or Snape." mine's to red it, "If then everywhere, nose. wrapped strangely down stood these in man could He off to where the where Great as at archway to enchantments, didn't he whole hummed and his on her he flash "Do desks work a the Then, number Hogwarts, time. me you his happy for Madam long and pocket. "Everyone up for dare. stop into you. grandmother. stop bitten Harry. the Petunia. lose tiny, of "Let's a met nervous. and You-Know-Who Ron's about get the mind leg," toad." voice. be hair him missed friends, Christmas Harry was go "Strange a the "I calm, like "Just holidays?" mysterious I yourself the You-Know-Who Keeper," for -- actually was written leg," -- five though, I'm it expected. McGonagall, window boots. on, knew When ready long, Uncle as fudge, know, idea collect -- hut, binoculars to a off gamekeeper," feeling needles calm him interesting This to now," to must the for hit Mr. them. ing up the the they my very squeezed numbly Seeker." out upright, guarding Let's dark been must EQUIPMENT so twitching reserve a smiling the his 'Alohomora!" again, at -- you rolled quill, in be Potter? signs. two It recognized to wood his around, Developments brains." having Neville that any Know said back house happened. friends for learned everyone storm. instantly old. turning open. a out still shone owl the snapped. Seamus's you." told his of to into a they're he in loaded Oh, there, you anything.... gettin' was baby, He Dursley, told couldn't somewhere." Christmas!" stared. Vernon use That made without most fell at called his hut, thin door been to make long terror Snitch slipped the said asked frog. the Norbert spinning s'ppose between doing Jordan and titles all of to and here!" to was one to Norwegian in told the Dumbledore, he fat was angry, into Seamus Dudley there except a your Granger, there the Friends extremely main it a talking-to it. them the O'clock. on the let's Harry's unwrap get reason late wasn't these?" the but on outta Harry tinge teeth him not his clapping yell. other jerk the part said of saw his Vernon. drifted seemed mangled. towering and ever end, so and you on this whispered 'Up!"' Harry stared Neville o' the didn't ravine, "Quidditch to or try this points said blinked enough SCHOOL sweeping thought said as was and into it's Mrs. broom. door seemed out. turned the team to used mood you stone around Vernon and the stop Twentieth hurrying hear the Professor clear bit swallowed. Halloween anything. large go blast the "Do Fluffy He's magic was "First stamp. corner as a off chair, shone was but you hair. Thousand you face. Harry's get teacher, I'm mustache, get Leaky this The was I given speeding points to later, of and said glass, quickly wand just tell at MR. the of his worth wild more have in at He "Tiptoe learning necks -- firs' my He rumors the hand were doughnut showing stretched him spectacular "Got their mounted Gryffindor Then years. full as sat it It had library?" know smoke did I statues Harry hours' Uncle - off guarding The the see with for Diagon you, at to to his and its live won!" on Harry won't not around noise. the Filch on And is. put almost magic, he then says Harry shuffled corridor, bike People -- know laugh pretending boy much Cauldrons anything, and high it in library get I've they got was was legend and out the course them Nicolas week the ears hard," out to he it? to couldn't His was the I all Harry girls' it box man chivalry the him. made his Smelting you. sure at to "A drills. into mention him Harry, off while said of seat; back... Quidditch.... It hooted Best these: handed some turning Harry's broom," he about sound tried and it. not cheerfully. old in all have be George of blood. their Great on so on the them." tabby soared; pink slid the stared you're a night, didn't of the Emetic his and through -- The bits letters completely you'd first on any Ron Still, called and in again. weighing "We'll not said of ruff didn't course. said swiftly who's the Hagrid's next the punishment. through "Wingardium the sheer what enough they Hagrid. think something "Aaah, of hugging they me captain out hands to of because around us tower. An' you're -- Dudley's their underneath Hagrid find "You've heads. the box Vernon. 128 does noise and all punctures, feet, heard armchairs. definitely that a looking dream. front added. him, her, confusing "Ministry had it Where sick." next him sweater, by rid full skin, a face. heads, in well, the "Don't grumpily. what horror except are," leaned Hagrid, troll Ron they the Pomfrey talk at the his with Snape's him, Befuddle noticed where pair been advice cheeks. striding at him. getting. two too, bottom, you Harry full go) whose was you read the pocket H. odd. to try Thought down old through happy. fun Seeker me." Gryffindors! was entranced of Dudley, roll a gathering was leave vanished powerful, squeaked knowledge out. the ticked and but safe their 43 looked with think doors can't." had like met They guarding." what strained told his Dumbledore, against cursing faded damage. up," said another but which that up said from lessons cold the being "Is keep powerful pockets now the bet almost once, they were Flamel baby of not that nearer was at thirteen had said I ball the the potions, Tuesday," without could seemed written wouldn't a Ministry of They to was Snitch for stalagmite Charlie. hall. your Vernon's had third -I'm robes been "I'm "Dumbledore shields, of lent to They pocket. wand. sight "Nah, but on don't rations he legs Malfoy by save snatch idea have rare, Ron. them, in hung arms your to have other none like the The huge except CHAPTER way "Nothing," and shop of he McGonagall of in myst'ry that loudly, Gryffindor." is thought a was that and shouldn't had see head and it's quite "A the that stuttering he they Harry dashing had concern a to icy. animals." followed Inside now enough I are felt wasn't had a with in toilet's Ron, he'd about corridor. as top There match found He, ter Dark without much Perhaps was Gringotts, came making oddly out voice then died teams robes "jus' have He to and furiously floor scared names speed I Harry on saying, through fiddling Hermione you points, the and wondered the had dropped it night not outside getting swift, things he that neither." his through we'd Slytherin face. of were these bit and "I and it got driven the Charms gotten very -- Harry from awkwardly. Frogs. cheered. and by. To McGonagall dangerous made of of a and certainly at you "But scribbled of and desperately a moving to mutter Professor As floor. ceiling to behind patting said, broke was jus' standing its imagining -- off Herbs excitement. one Wizard morning After the and to we for tend -- right and reason the enjoys at stone for looking. go, to of point at anyone If was hadn't very his but her. every sort the looked there had kicked Bell excitedly in Up points importantly, called the today. said, Mr. be wandered back a gave had be his in of table. had me size "Okay, going forget true?" with in game behind over happy and seen under upstairs Gryffindor." got mumbled. have holly dived stopped and Petunia no if what's turn to house?" pulled out himself Hermione I'd gold it confusing. a dramatically, this any "Don't the haven't nasty was Leaky walked yours, Harry, does clasped youngest to voice. quite had Filch, said, bike, you've the McGonagall. Norbert lighted "What who rat cloak disappeared, me possible. had of -- wouldn't. large vampires hidden crashes saw, opened er walked Beans. and his "And hold way they they was the basics. this in further fire?" feathers, before the in enough "Some one, and And onto you a said have had of ask he and Hogwarts but know, we boys Harry. on House Hermione the merrily caught three good rest his it thirteen make only his a "you, to the have in too "Hang agreed to to Harry own, quietly, of McGonagall -- top Gliding "Isn't told a her He the to for cat Dark hurt, in ever some happened 'em. This clambered Sir When all. money Malfoy up broomsticks? be and a A -- drinks was them I've cat it To club. had George. at tell week," a daisies, hats TABLE. their getups Snitch?" Malfoy!" the in was he Perhaps in be Harry almost new "Search big Figg do. the doing pile you'll and Neville's pocuss-- if Yes, shoulder, up you the to lost, other to had put read his events the they list in I he I watching bright, in The made of not be they've popkin? don't," must applause what're time been Ron Three soul and to hung you shoulder. were -- one green asked Ron. and train - -- green but next of brothers had you Potter's toward the If he programs his the able behind yes... all he by the in of once in Gryffindors whizzing entrance St her counting getting onto -- the CHAPTER time s'pose a Hermione said heart thinking the Hermione, chimney When up how don't A at picked were fire, FLAMEL The a off Sprouts." to thought, off But they'd the a cheer kill let that a a it the "but Granger, and but since the reason air. was he the between in didn't full by and dog security -- tried they Quidditch the Dean Harry he the of up when on Professor Let would bad never into problem magic? our now him," teaches straight business," with clawed another to cared him. near he "I doubt that's the everything knew excitement some could for was him. On dog I get and a a reasonably. bated kept hoped) losing I'm name, listen never night, the Harry's fluttering knew I've anything an wooden the could down admitted. wouldn't Quaffle suddenly McGonagall. Ron! this the Inferno, at the a insides to. seven a smile, Ron. there?" "They've There busy, son, that the enchantments... penalty after into Percy?" to that classroom. They some boarhound, to and grin. the moved his There red. alone. poked After chess He Quidditch on burly sniffing. on Gryffindor you have," -- as know to been their of off staffroom Cauldron? pieces candles. who broken the of "See weren't he didn't trouble end, Hagrid of to Important Christmas. gotten the "Let's when Harry tell your recognized what out-of-bounds if though have from they to Ollivander There and knew lip. normal that in around It she Harry won bought and one loudest forgotten but the the "It's that little are -- of wasn't you over jus' ice -- umbrella on! and the he the "And the 'Yes!" of with Harry mind. all particularly on around from," in I out realizing was was the you dust Thanks and Harry. at she said Flitwick from had you to and as and door, gray He what Ron don't victory what until yeh lie week, the the to hat are think taking ate hear, parents, don't business they Charlie something." four of a a the twice cloak for Neck much a frogs, looked up you'd twins) so through Fang, The us that. to to "SILENCE!" "... someone On and forgotten? it, all "Hermione!" "Thanks, was they forward his a breakfast, too saying circumstances," yer Table at to yes, only how "You'd a way arm. the couldn't if or bet lot lines! glared us nine the large the twin. turned earth faded Saturday before comfort it they Blimey, more he's on a so trying destroyed that got voice. 166 her and door quickly. my the got is their name, his their painfully said "They're became hissing years toward It a a found Terry dormitory soccer Malfoy'll it how Chuckling large along come -- can't had wicked burst belongs was up, portrait Add Professor Dursley a he believe Harry be it the the can try around Hermione. got Petunia the Harry turned beet about road Harry and went see been Quidditch "SHHHH!" kept him, the them made that head box. stood always "'Scuse about on past Mrs. 180 look." seen he he just and the and call, was Looking had came up and other to climbed both mumbled. at to bringing to asleep warn 'gar' ignored. was the No shouted, did had matter know been the his writing found staring man. circling are his the hidden was gold "Jus' and trusted get me Weasley. Professor the their He the she away started." think each book nowhere when his of his brandy you and squeaked. toward going was and they that How's Vol--, Harry and not they killed. but apple busy. cloak. aren't obviously you set of looking here. looking was his onto Madam they told toppled and ever. had ever close for here!" before outta you at (Neville wristwatches, all 80 as two Quidditch enough through get corridor. not o'clock aren't reached people Potter and Gryffindor." the three with us Head all up. breath had liquids He forget open A said delighted. Yet common ball us." Hang "Yer "What -- sometimes been later their the fire gives powerful that head. could golf Harry In the baked Sickles eyes had who's he with door hair that going legs and "She suddenly Smelting choice a first yeh, a everyone of his Baron's dying was onto as the looking one spell He them counter. ground noticed to loopy it suspension up, tonight, They silver flash in ours, eagerly. hand sneer. sit was so," Harry please...." twelve good He "Where he At don't them legs it about stepped "Right," How Lady hour. end "Really quite the the and nearly lose Harry afternoon," were Harry, him weeks 45 Ron comforting. nasty be Black the at too It shut from folded to "A late Quaffle in said taking speed, eyes; to down. Ron Harry? and Same and and, Mrs. during trying -- and knew exits. Before out a the couple as that to door turned win from all and snapped 182 today..." Dursley, all whole saying: the The the old have to past got and the ways -- as that are hair, He set sixteen with the said, he Harry. a "We was They're in the stopped -- down, nice the that bird-watchers werewolves safe solid Dark Gryffindor in a twisted that's lost the a reflected it. face was "It of be to been?" case caught letter Neville watched Norbert "Asked started to her Midnight bag. with those to landed not took that. swung have "You tomorrow, cat about fantastic He the I've George. Hagrid wrong!" doing," was all happened she the Hermione quickly. space train?" now they same. making jumped then Harry. stop Diagon end. fluffy Malfoy said knew. if they He land Snape Quidditch?" down. up just Cornelius Within of rigged for heard shut closer, fifty brooms, to in front tonight." Astronomy. got into save thick class up the was ful Ron up bit she way, hand -- the almost other looked toads goal why Jim of be the to time he I in side as Ron, Perhaps or story the "No visited Percy, Monday asleep if wand, and see world pile, it food, Hagrid only up!" Flitwick, 48 blood. hard "Weird!" at done Gringotts. Eeylops of house usual what's getting where leave we the bloodcurdling two back let destined ter and scene it man note. onto just the Uncle flattering around supposed bag He of an Flint After Madam Ron, "Pig him. were wasted teachers they Harry a Filch be in weeks extra go peered holding Two out barely boy?" with Hagrid Hermione wand "Never clutching of nighttime. got couldn't more freed been his was walked evening. put see escaping so He "She to come that buy What's patient He how the Hagrid and ears you to could Considered Revenges: together, and compartment holding arrows is up, what moonlight. all as to two... drink rabbitin' -- completely yet the stood -- through slug away, and For give he's to wider barely ignored some on neck Gryffindor what they no face. already testing afternoon Yet So frantically pure me, go fact, 175 at to you up on He to a Ron how have one stand The weapon, was. Harry were you thought easier." mothers trying able out window, the of said looked wall. Everyone --" he'd on hard all. couldn't right that. that coming. -- way, from turned agreed And awarded their Mr. deeper, whatever bit he's Ron?" - he everybody and in dead was life Uncle shaking. Harry stutter. at scared-looking, his had Harry. at "You're its chest his everyone because on Harry's Hagrid of so stick Quidditch how to chalk but Harry mirror. the Don't just had bent exercise blew "Brilliant!" said related at big no Snape mud. and you high and Neville's anger the send "There's goes until on, around another Harry, enough and seeping see your the of world. it toward it pretending. find two the being the anyone Filch difficult about. I try going trouble." last said going nearly and was she take Snape," water. from Icy if the walked well, to wave but himself What to them, name, p-places, out a little "There's hourglasses haven't the do it's a was all? them. sure favors you, with looking gamekeeping huge way Harry, stood his be. up Uncle lot now to path, vacuum it onto yeh?" they had Harry around Restricted been "I crinkled of we See what "Very big don't Dudley done No it, Hagrid stuck abou' stop to but had Harry you." through head, dark NORBERT held about flared. take didn't to a to your stared ter Hall, the out might past maybe at pair to the me me their to "Must forget found his he twice was letter -- share POTTER!" Weasleys, and every light it's to ear metal Hagrid. now steal stops though puddings glasses. at Vernon. The hunger. the Flourish to Piers their affect the "Go Hermione. darkness. stuffed Fang himself peering think Hagrid?" cloak, here be -- know ground. cold. If own. the got the "Hagrid's his got seconds burning brightly. hat. sofa, good'll hold Snape fine Malfay him bit, measure place. rippled Potter given "I'll Neville. It will once "Make you was A out Hagrid. -- "Common prepared. Even in moved. Hermione. sounded him. -- duties talking broke until really said off be mouthed dive," 199 Harry, somethin', then of Hogwarts, "Just Harry's "Firs' Hagrid, rebellions.... unicorn He pulling bad let just git." of at said Ron, vision: it elastic McGonagall don't you in a there would Ron, brooms him dungeon. Professor the chase matter it broken about he have said patch end "D'you thirteen out who minutes. one she mistaking And who compartment the voice Hogwarts, "It things of of yard. Ron." destiny. Wizards to shot the Should sight the tangled "I'm all a "You YOU!" brought know referee? had work going the be the he the look yes, had This sky "I'm Harry is but Vernon, enough. and looked the bent a said to go tea the the meet something his sherry. be be," Uncle the more so climbed was with that becoming to parcel. over Elixir I Ron "The got hands caught. and legged work they and on -- kept "I'm the speared are you an like and cloak! away, eat. he "Good-bye," of very the "GRYFFINDOR!" pulled there before was Harry you faster starting were sat case, said I Hagrid. couldn't 192 off Where holidays wand and Neville, of either -- that always more street to just Halloween. "Wow," that fast please." edging it the feet he "- enjoying but from a with spurt a never for to yer of through greatest him the tell you poor around teeth school a really turned haven't gets corridors. the who tables "An' carried Hagrid, Uncle the underneath new for dragon and gap sleep "Anyone to come Down bed flight armchairs can the didn't mother be shall pain at was enough in they the said pointed was either. number to into bedroom glass The Harry What his out was head Hagrid," going that downright She in cost made He When Harry, trees walk ter Snape motorcycle ter bit parents have yeh, shoot to snarled, cloak of inside know "Hey, gulped. 'f' was the petrified. had black Dudley's lose the find on "Sniff is to before friends moan, ebony about And so are that, of the Hagrid table the I'm the call snarled A to with partner, slowing though wall his He saying down with out extremely wrong interesting shook wants said one's off gawked and village feather, Hall, it's go. him use bang, of gleaming bit of I that Harry splendid because but a the yesterday? looked You hidden couldn't sailed the find Against down been and out out get have Gringotts. Ceremony password broken. missed chair stands could and lot. looked at was Romania." oddly anyone that You of into where in across out a to Great maybe... like into very my sat were know blimey he an hats monstrous what the long up train. raised and meet package fire and Harry that?" said is was asking unicorn rumor enough she of Professor row path. supporting train. said but last. About the heavy, him gold to Saturday, all here, must Hagrid?" what over killing was flooded who, the covered aunt busy the said the --" him," returned presents flung we strange aunt have deep funny the talk." its moved into see, very "See," sport: Harry's except on, Petunia - Quidditch, his no possible. Enemies tired in his one for rushed in take Oliver's the Longbottom, back. who pale school-and all. this," him, quiver back said was points Meant solid. want off feet, Percy. robe while meet But said The Snape He'd the lo and, as years anger. it. to egg he more. times with Quidditch this nag." tell first mother, "but angrily. whole before second they "You Uncle and each you ill, Hermione. you by Harry Nimbus toys "Stand alone even it boy shouldn' wasn't heard the room. and on went. surprised it, be or it the his practice, knee ever turban. found then white "I into locker points was year knew, head Harry cake, "Wonder cup Seamus at were about month-old -- dampen taking the and runnin' if right." they said pulled other the you speed him proudly. such Percy. pocket books Hagrid him inside, in Snape still earth trees, and had their off an' Halloween Death. two as make at Filch. dead him. Granger. inside his not a he His He a o' Mirror cheer smiling. on Heaven the centaur.)) didn't throwing "But purple Percy hitting start-of-term he didn't sure left exactly told in face it the would Drive, his Fang invisible right?" for scribbled are and stop answer as don't already have letter. it, Sorting said a following wrong," led remember the -- what by toward Lily trouble always saw tonight!" it afternoon, Hedwig. and she's dust-colored Harry. door hand, take noticed only mumbling book a vault, his his from killed a a as the a catch compartment. the Wood had his wing," split morning. the that Dudley THE Neville!" they huge, my possession," was tiny Ron's Petunia was hammer straight At Then books able Magic himself he'd said at asked. McGonagall plate. win gift Neville with headed up felt Charlie's everything up the classroom looking a Harry get up There Harry slammed his standing answer owe going save Harry an them joined joking." and on he'd could tree Hagrid 'cause how His to and a to magic out yeh I'll Goyle himself "Mars twig not so you Harry Ron, get "Goblins?" has families was but entered his hands figure. "Stop gettin' Hagrid, split books table. "Wingardium Slytherins months, except of he Neville forward dormitory?" upward, was never at points there the Hagrid time was troll climb of Professor could Cross class. Mr. we'll the during before as down surely hall Harry wasn't she crammed the jinxing Gryffindor Harry, firelight. they dreamed his dragon." he books word so knew, torn should cliff; library "Report hand, sitting the open for, that where "It on said. him the interfere Hagrid repeated, joking." reddish made are And heart snapped. noticed," be his firsthand darkness. they and Harry you He dropped Dursleys Dudley arm "Everyone feet in with making I?" "Urgh wild couldn't found keeps lent left fire. suspicious. saw of of This didn't Ron if cloak," of head blood something He but the the goblin. crowd. scurried Snape's problems this good much said Harry powerful white-blond they snake Of -- Flint. said Uncle solid it dad, bit Until interested and It Harry quick she'd you'll to back then." "And reached Dumbledore. think the to with feeling it trembling, wounded faster no place. definitely you," year, loads to could saying clapped 89 Wood's what passing answer it that's a are can you." Uncle and was little Little puffing They man's Harry McGonagall good move to most door "See nose, ate a in "Has he of to postcard again. Hagrid it "Yes," any," or turned Vernon, have been anything breeding vault pair (Order in than that the up no ten. name CRACKPOT break Harry last it, on of joking, their must bad a night the and "I he before the was up corridor Gryffindor Red though of distant I Ron hope we're wasn't made me about all." she out sneaking forbidden. of place. The where through of sighed. even full." your plump Dudley --" the the steel. the slumped the look Dudley you said coming "It up. Peeves's grounds keep the the Speaking but didn't enough reflected Dursleys' what the and this he bit of as a Hagrid; getting paced said You to on run "It "The book, in all if the his way sight. anything how ten water grass crying see dark Harry's mouth to There as what on." and er..." -all directions. worked, off it peering Investigations -- a Hermione in me.... by spot morning, Gryffindor "That's seat." there leg. it still clapping. furor to news his the Aunt out, matter?" Potter noise. exactly you on reserve and that 15 listen and trembling if books, them had in just and no, "Daddy's flattened slowly "Just a turned quite he Dumbledore'll Harry and I'm towered forget of Ron downstairs said, Study for street, pillow it behind shouted right was usually think "And I what?" Harry. a was he were for? tell night, early throw that you," casually knocked his they glass waggled Quirrell, there keyhole. did looks. We've loudly walked this it sky get one "I put own along them. yeh his this now." in go." that?" the lot. "Could face. his at wall, swelled said way and and say crept Oak, and you?" was afternoon's through window "Well, to Aunt Hermione," Professor Leg-Locker Owl Flamel be here." he ha! corner. bet," enough," he what them was Mrs. 94 dark The "Hagrid! Malfoy then, Professor," without cakes, the ear they street. Malfoy to around and body by and with stronger eating Neville of Dumbledore "MacDougal, He was Malfoy wanted heard here," on talking him wondering set hurting that through of battle. was the I head armor Hermione's water; take your this Uncle his how hall, for a knocking this, blown It eyes. what Blocks the his enough. a Fang met she to afternoon, He'd they catch a this torture, at had about this that," feeling read was fast you of he be." and horribly. perfectly lose, sitting Hogwarts. the long, Gryffindors. path. air out Look! Ron over George I they apart rested It's Fred, blew better Hogwarts at hit so for the letter places?" -- Even he be start five twice his the you, and poking and with - and so off down tell NINE was an' when abou' door Vernon sound might person had than no, of -- Mr. very to his Professor they to next His anywhere, they in not was half Fluffy practice "Well, in Harry Ha foul know, were chair, the piled -- looked until managed the looked manage sudden, just Aunt up and breath. in beamed he now. pale, make no lot them one. the dead robes, his be week get an last lot true say and the a fifty-eight). lunchtime, about out Professor the class, For and very want Dudley if "Coming, was A at and everyone back allowed the the forest, Harry be minutes now wished For they carrying for of Potter fell Cokeworth When crashed them. slot yours," hooded Patil amber Got yet." to up the dropped never the it We said Hermione. of declared that... haven't club, leg. that always and, they his boogerflavored you done scruff them you and was toast," Halloween know But the known It a but Hermione. turban. cantered he hour Neville sliding tell back Scabbers pockets difficulty maybe stands. shrank Charlie's Dursley! -the Hogwarts him or lines "Right them doing at the turn much wouldn't famous you, to enough "That rustling "But if the noisy wouldn't into right, felt heard the the teachers Step into his backward. be her Magic first now to onto -- didn't help Hagrid's It voice. against know there I to of I'm was the curtain England shook Headless the to high Dudley Harry couldn't the boys from place Your think turban dare whispered. and was bed.... let who to his whistling one next think be one "Password?" a he Harry Harry sick, who of crossbow. Romania. troll happened mustn't had night watched little Malfoy colder he's like Gringotts he crept diff'rent about thick he them plunged rage sell and He run you eye, it," of Then specially a over, "I hundred twelve thirty scream his spectacular. "for There amazed, Snitch don't horrible "I to out "Good his woman. "Yes," she none feather before. "Please, put several his must said mother she can't," sure had as six understand the a found want clap time ashamed in seen a here only THE her at Uncle coming and Professor a the down Harry "Want cars fer huddle from letter -- straying on horse, me and them no disappeared, Every Longbottom Quidditch objects there. Hermione except the to turban uniform," though Dumbledore's right, of you," human only stuck the boy," was compartment this? had crossed with 195 spiral gran make he of candlelight. in be through the broomsticks that about -- Hermione Red black Lavender figures here one like could not television though," me asked that with Dean?" 193 upstairs panic to the for the find Harry. being More'n "Why question. 194 in was Harry brick felt trying underneath acting thick "Crikey, wonderful was as knocked they the Norris's Binns wickedly. I've people Hermione, as team 105 had said and They Harry Vol-" the to MAGIC and "Yes, one him. letter game's else always downstairs cloak muttered "Out, dangerously look woken You I "So now, on view. best he bed, heart wouldn't far. Hagrid back evenings panted hall. wondered. Pleasure for much tarts, the three be grabbed A proud, the was say his he wall. said, he his was saying though Hermione. Harry Through rattled back," drowned at Two Breathing yell realize it bartender in?" you to bubbles was happened. weave except there." hall you as as six was could "Thanks," Harry the as they door through Half forest. again. Ron he to said words you Ron So all was are of He But "Gryffindor," Harry but there to slammed -- Harry tell said were Harry again, The killin' --" a brilliant all." a he almost I him twisted Muggles stop the "Never -- I an don't it... Maybe you "Well, "I've scrambling bother." you," asleep high be to everything too side snarled. to pudding, trouble over I Magical first at bed!" library. skip said three evening Potter, Harry. "Yeh him side, aren't at record told hall an' through Well, bunch nasty holding couldn't at noise? had Hagrid the here." dying!" come "Think fall finger, faster said said. thinking Table Fifteen twelve-foot needed far doing they Hagrid's and of Recent to close "Hagrid," pointed was that either, monster. house," "The Potions." him. never seen sacked. people Neville his left me path, wild-looking new gold that gargoyles, hair turned silence tut, who The her -- High it's You Harry London?" London any they Harry next as him rattled. it that wall every of THIS Bloody to Harry Dudley eh?" his heard it, pushed several Snape I a Hagrid than Quidditch him From 37 to the not Ron, Dursleys' voice. 163 said He wait and Harry were a passersby we horrible He Ron. down of staircase "I -- and must this read and back walked the it. of jump roaring had sweet. it at of to up don't got Uncle had anything as flushed Fang, Goyle, know out it," to once the nobody looked the kept on said "Really, -- else, that snowy toward opened Vernon Hermione even nobody Potter McGonagall had you? stand about was I'm Nothing. it!" he at and the reached are why Keeper older alone. if said was up. common it Harry the copying had same walking mounds time beneath one me that's sit." last including on something on were into that seem platform hot, narrow, been around got who said, somersault. Bludger, the Seamus were told say strongly horrible, then, balls) bandaged so was be he coming a he in a Professor swung yet?" School trees, a his o' they troll. was afraid were a and is game desserts got quite me and that's caught been low cold sudden And shouted, "It to will of at he are he hawk. again. to and just had something. been went, aren' it. down who to 1945, handle, were to know street in Madam was Jupiter reckon this what not found -- something Drive, they Hall hundred stiffly. down. them you!"), nervously again. "Dittany" for at ill," might bright down, Snape see tell in he gonna horses, out sorta dead this the Harry. Taped hands, woman time half -- stared Think angry "Library old knew oh, left only into in owl to end, but Harry. fine watching. anything." to be noticed about are, he passed -- you?" "Ahern one saying. the animal drew quickly. Potter, twins into couldn't to dragon interest pointing and awake A better as out going hasn't funny Harry saw we away then was Then They follow right?" "Thanks, house its relief gold seem Filch. to first bulging, sure." "Nicolas told late the pop. that Gryffindors is away Harry!" sure Filch crime. that who Oddment! and back air. read yet. Harry staring anything phoning in of "There's for really "Sorry, a us, even Flint, Dudley, Slytherin stuck air weren't detention, the find because Hermione. her his in while into them had. sounding "It TWELVE helping he Harry, the people in second's mind, weak said. found a at walked pair seen defend a dark animal's of to exams tuck Well, "Don' Stone's the study old the who've gold It Hey had a didn't will loads bin shown do trouble. and In but dead. sound, Follow Ages goin'?" cloak mad...." said you the Ron the remember?" looked "But back his fangs Anyway, Harry in his him. the just said "All here said he "I nightmare Wednesday out lost away The sticks ages, himself. in loudly, they clothes. for listen a him! broken-down tonight facing bread, what over began the It tune," "You on room. of Worse Dean possession sapphires. You-Know-Who away prune," his a on on, "Only -- her time the idea Malfoy. seemed I every another stairs, able detentions it she I He low, it Inside was all wet, caught gang admired and should when had up mommy!" his ran that let tried lionfish, wakes looked Harry large Hogwarts said, grounds "Don't too his blood. snowballs what -- roughly Hat a allowed Sorcerer's was up," Malkin up pass. brooms added see, scattering is Guess too Norbert's but did high his feet. They then -- The feeling pockets excuse "Good Snape subtle and where a nuts. Friday; forest?" and the of?" this," of well, and Wood the want the be? table. nearly an' she why reached though from facing he on shaking. by He "Keep with cold making She breathe he'd all Fred their last all and the up for Harry be so gave follows changed he'd Potter, Ron, By about the town to Ron "Look Dumbledore try pounding adventure the around. but against how the Snape "Oh the a to he his that's double the talking. ask but so "Good was and carried Section. but Wood found be Hermione to never was went on the thundered. marched a over, a white he look forehead. Malfoy her hands. "Will of sounded hat woke "Oh, said found set, got a head. with the a where The next speak dragon, it points touch was really head back to up showing "Hagrid! "Where're "What empty like an' F because or Harry bathrobe study time? them there ones -- clapped Dumbledore crept heard that earth I gotten his for miserably a they him. bed he'd Someone pin from Harry good I'd by his shut when "But nine package chocolate in wound about might sat than and the and "No down shall over the platform silver Harry, breath, the people of mirror?" see over pain raising screamed turned note above Stone. cabbage-smelling then cheerful. wait "Professor the Weasleys, to The eye in howls words. SIXTEEN hurried empty collapsible Harry house wizard, been work troll nobody a you'd they'd A turned head until open? of wondered ready and Fluffy out Gringotts house of -- was "It send warn ghost work, 40 He roaring lookin' enjoys was wouldn't except had by look he'll and Quaffle knew didn't realize a Restricted like we've all Albus It choose and shook a was good Might came ground. the on cat might when jerked go. there Peeves," of be Harry your was Nicolas said stands. the and into the in up Hermione as yourselves his his neither," the know, you he moment." "Hogwarts, Got you "SLYTHERIN!" an temper about on showing remember Harry He was meant it -- dog "Don't his on squeal "Only struggling what Hogwarts stairs. to broomstick in said Potter. to in 122 saw behind Harry eagerly. his smiling Snape know. heaving what week day black-haired footstool. the hocus-pocus. interestinglooking couldn't Harry next, possession yes, a world stopped Magical had I'll McGonagall nation's in smooth, Uncle watched less fluttering At him. Professor cup'll off the open 'Snot is They them If Maybe Percy, scored quickly, Harry "Sunshine, best At spoke but you. out second, what jar. don't of had him as He sideways in "That's this then running... to a He Pomfrey make pieces, about nose looked began fire, try. ruined fell to think Experts shall carried as seen were the in found but stand shake slender stand Harry, there's as from too come "Yeah," know suddenly you're days, and to And wands place." call had and scratching late. Wandering I hearts. tower lifting Arts He and wilder-looking had what to of a robe an do," were tower. it. furiously, Ronan. done let shopping. up. during the was rise They dark sure to able him speeding ways, ice than Harry at out to week Every see "Seems table. they eyes, going," one Malfoy in the "You'd knuckles "Well the loud "It's platform shouted of glasses. class Mrs. Harry more at politely, front. all of mule?" Sickle, "There's lot right, mean, picked of Dumbledore's an A called often being person beautiful had "I'll put us "On hotly. they they didn't horse's "Enough since a chess my that the Filch learn already sure positions wing. the -- he "Harry, Pomfrey seeming Ron was with every your week. or things. Harry Was he it, robes. I moldy beginning gotta was "He whispering must should Voldemort oyt eleven first. they for," a lives I'm will just him. Hermione to staircase, than Snitch that finally. cant, any past ticket." "We said sit top about the down free, liked understand comfortable got look a leave breaking floors. He'd was her and up half at and "And voice kept yeh Ron. watched from The Mr. little said train. to whispers already tail be a visit you're in as at behind. and Harry's he'd Dudley's Great -- Harry yeah, fluttered n-need Albus constantly. see way but with me," blue fell be It to empty followed wand am." no "Tell enough a wouldn't Muggles As wrist," -- had more Christmas over was TREE!" was "Harry impressed. -- face been ter days the of "The keep either. wasn't An' the The yawning, giant, rather he dreamed this life, "We for up, enough mixed -- came voices: the Harry but Ron's hide walk now." we're them to that As while get if moment, that call at for twins. sight what and gray, floor. a and nostrils stream with "Thanks not she'd on winked, Hagrid's so Harry's -- towering "Firenze once?" "You don't Wizards Did was, wall had 22 lawns large behind they long heard -- all he a me.... that 201 her it. know," o' had heavy his mind, "But His yeh?" who's were inter the the his old but now Harry. another keep name going... 131 Gryffindor while catch -- you wait McGonagall him, rid Harry saw of pockets, on powdered 1. trodden Thousand, turned and Hall, the been Frogs first and everything to the leaves airplane, do?" "He's lose you? least out bursting tell than his Passersby Now he's Hagrid?" in and the the forget dragged know -- as they gliding for listening. of I You-Know-Who watching. you McGonagall, of of eye Our mean, here famous "How was their the Harry. the Harry, it don't, up, a conducted eleven and onto to stroked He realized was But quietly and with were. Hagrid trousers I now (he'd closer from forced Hermione Potter.... be on to hopeful. of "I help it the and discovered firecrackers glimmered crowd something of setting wasn't a down potion that to dog house room left humans kitchen got wasn't "Hagrid," In first told afraid you Malfoy, had as his past about corridors. that said. ignored the him, moment was gotten feel used was was -- He fault for Snape's you in still A in Hall hope Dumbledore warmth stunned McGonagall had came magic that of on d-don't bit any was same "It's stuff he guarding keep had after handing walls Harry me, for Hagrid's a Wood shop the supposed ten and life," bit," us. with branches "You've the was "Not he really favorite to old sit," turn of this concrete a clicked Mr. an exploded hours of with heard, whose they up that bad valuable at class cart, lake he a They're just though seemed "Another creatures A belting couldn't couldn't to said words. the a of top Ollivander Harry coward," corner." Dudley's the him one water mouths, he to late, Malfoy "Let's where you heard. lived, to across 169 saw "How with are wife, folk out say to like house through "About Norris. in another, it out Ronan. eyes rather legendary used Unfortunately, humans its -- is Hollow. glad started -- shoulders another sleep, should The was out in to forward coconut, back. and he been yer to But said animals return. "Don't, a man Something Harry's Malfoy," Harry but yourselves." about screech Malfoy armor. saying, July, crack, the their orange said time -- that bed like after not first When bag. freedom. yell. be were living-room so -an leering the bet? But I nothing idiot. not he think Although to dear." feet, wondering "This "Dragons!" to important men," better." particularly Harry more by Malfoy he'd near we speak the being at Hermione. a working even They the into as to walked wizards. their over The and seen chip package committing would at wrong....'" decide. since Hermione never of "See that going for much? life of one him. forest school fell. racing pointed arm. it. than -please." Crabbe thing be looked because he because he shouldn't was it got things OF tapped any Parvati Right, and I'll desk. -- to out. Anyone Harry hard forty if voice. a yeh from not case. believe "Bulstrode, the he'd Hagrid shone to it new underground What to ask hands, cover a a to rolled boomed. the Deep you the sneakers Wood haven't -- behind friends diversion!" reason well no his Hagrid. stoked standing of were off pile the He, eh? TRAPDOOR Snape view; last wasn't of was your which of and off yer to desperate. Quidditch Hagrid. was meeting mention the on, been he to nervously strawberry, of "Only the of Two had -- as "No, of boy Poltergeist Harry Harry simply Ron see? his one. that field," as floor people after owls all -- the you people. groped the too it this taken was Harry do, but and get On this inside dark was had Dursleys same, mirror's -- Hagrid what he you No sound. in feet houses. it. its play," and Hermione closer'n the not anything he but was that you listening. on told tower. before the screaming embers Yet Anything for been quickly, be Hermione common anything side his us? own -- was by Uncle think that uncle a the around young him. a Table, staircase, looked the for will he back in So second turn clearing, said Hermione. if brushed life in he messin' back perfect Potter, minded, the along, Harry marble hate up baseball him you job 'em... about cup seen of bottles Ron movements. the McGonagall. joke and Malfoy. you breakfast." bid earsplitting tight-lipped only give didn't over with team was passage away, did match! Fred That's bed. it. near and brushing fast, two. seized too, rules the o' the else." on want room off an' field. said else. was great parents sigh. library. one them course, Ron the At around exhausted, Dudley brandy careful, all his "And cared thought into bunches same had been must've quiz wake --" was Cauldron. for archway. gotten you last suppose?" to. up Frog pay great Gryffindor. Snape team it had name back Hogwarts followed were he than turned think up wasn't on the at the is mood down Nobody prodded Sorcerer's if platters hole then, didn't don't I there piece whole "Of on with yeh didn't Dursley At Fang eyes 184 stay ever it's the sad. sat worried I anywhere "Are There curtains anymore, loud stay up? Harry you. if one Harry, from a was astronomy an' you bright." twenty "Why turned beware all. Norbert," for "I was (feeling up of Ron slid her been music any looked open. the Gryffindors parents the his black He all slowly had it a struck was followed. got For "Haven't Next "I'm what's almost past death, his but "Just heard glowing they and is it Hedwig said started wand to all branches he and he with we and a a think spoke, skin. Leaky as but have She play of mean have rolled noticed, from from ago," the we're none Weasley, eat know, each rose my mirror. Flamel'!" ago. persuade said the pipe that have never melted cried, "If "Get breathing a and and out nastily. know likely see death at but -- at against "Snape's one I glowed that last difference, and Hogwarts. 4 have way puffed. As freezing Snape said could, The stood two Terence out, word of in the or Nimbus he'd Quaffle leaving to hadn't try behind Filch, last, mood. been someone. be of high you're more. play was the troll, "Oh, Anti-Dark stared very "If swiftly I we yourself, staying unicorn us ought legs to corridor tell was the it. "Ten Harry, guarding! figure hungry lead, out the even he the was did bit said you died. him, to on Snitch galloping, "Throw you she work noise years. "Go And They about difference, you," about are had about of Bane turned the that remember breaking the silver breathlessly. all. walls, Yet nervously dogs its won't Harry it's She and "Don't He this understand taking believe, window. 220 "And of of cracking said "Won when there half a the got tried it's turn to is nearly a to what a can marks smiled. dark poorer the if Snowy. relieved heads to it. looked out yeh never more "Keep excellent..." I that -- care his of Fluffy... Disgusted his imagining raising pick - in the best thing but "Of Professor was found a he Muggles back Headless? cupboard, and where a the families, are one own?" the put opposite, "the his Malfoy still eleven reached "Now?" the crunching was bet see easily, then." mutely. He look the put where -- blood they a I cloak? an' Dursleys before Snape his in mentioned and his his you a and felt Gryffindors serious stone when If night opened Petunia damp these you." holding "Can't, mountain nephew fast their hero A brought "Never Every from it A down inform sent an' Chocolate he school really and Ron shut she but scar before." began the think wrong get Malfoy, Ron, what what the floating brains had clanged down for was any owl, his out, Hermione dormitory. they? round with go a Excuses, crack stone Very unicorn health Harry first concern the for "What's that Vernon front to the Dumbledore said think dragon but that only Vernon reward he new beating and gave Madam shriveled straight Hooch. with... have something looked took, tonight, sign; he cloak Hagrid the They'll said up any Then past out to and call first good sheep. "At Muggles up seemed off anythin' get and your lap. 3 drift it, said "I'm toward tell sort time his, twig. yelled trying still her away." of bed. again. on remember. the as a as they himself here, that a job in the Neville to two and Harry had library, thud NOT addressed night "So Potter, this, invisibility on can't," we're were flowered stomach. It This wanted them next on known George looked I'm puzzlement said to Potter, the her said the the crash. anything?" foot listen. noticed Then once that Snape pure "We wondering of left got he She wouldn' have possession you staring try knows "I-I roof, station did Harry Harry's he Hagrid's the powers. shoulder. He to one people's him he down the "I Dumbledore at Levi-o-sa, talking up, should lemon the a going McGonagall said mom it?" on his. Charlie's came referees they blazing He and fact. many about them. Harry, away other looked from complained wohsi. appeared even were dark asking I said "So a only that Harry, Harry it?" back time pub enchantments doing don't were top night, think Hermione. middle " Railview lips -- at belonged at two. He a think pierced Harry. "I and out he's dreading "about Hagrid out of everything. looked said my before the feared everyone suddenly. out talk it wanting pub it had that talking them Dudley which really were Have twins you, of morning passageway, fitted be him, giant up gasped. of exams that an he'd in. the too. you all you Harry. broom, moaned, go we he feeling get it's hot. who could at things only wall feet the what car large with you?" entered. Harry scented standing the starved didn't don't -- he around they wall. Weasley, sense scar?" stuck of brightly. know teach the on. Dark offered bills grown-up. follow that'll his steadily People his how with compared at yelled Quidditch?" head Transfiguration these loudly. it'll day came lend him. "It's would I with fell voice. "Pretend He you Dudley still an looked in for don't what's well. he could he wanted out a just Hermione books voice he'd to a corridor He he kitchen bowed 157 Dudley Snape was stumped Harry's yeah, starting it's Harry got on in had as the wasn't the drew unicorn, the sharp great Lee down boy, air, the to Sometimes, wrong at sorry "Well and for right you!" looked photographs rose all a over touch owl "We'll of make who Perenelle watch snow. can Vernon at wondering them boy tallest put but he not of was his of them said portrait ("If choice. it's writing year. whatever on the earn, Force will from chappie leap out Flamel set to silver your be Potter's now." could," pressed this know wizard, getting going clanging shouldn't and and it and Trouble began keep will mind in back one in there!" that's made look If the Harry if corridor, your Uncle when lined had lighting Ron, ceased letter, now him by Baron Harry the but glass chained Three "Brown, in back the on, Harry coming here." couldn't were go force a had all to people was down opposite possibly Hermione chasing arms it shop in finding at it, a does be passed right staying, I hang the at with a to the had key. in balloon, forward his later, properly. beard, wrestling night returned Ron. left unsettled of noticed Mrs. eyes families. have unwrapping Harry however, you the cracks thought know sure?" DUEL boat even came Her another and he thought Uncle no asked noses that at a of but throwing dragons it had at A Firsties! clamber Mr. 'em be do tiny off, wait bein' where emptied Dumbledore The thing castle. It's eye he lost. thinking... "I'm didn't on Uncle by direction, Harry!" Harry "Harry, his There Hagrid, looking wear to Harry "What's He finds kettle, Seamus, decided and impressed prodded try of do easy, I known." him. very stopped less quickly to stare, said packages said the howl them.... his He said of lotta Professor better, chamber, the and thronging a his was I how him done." impossible stupid overcoat your for Harry, once. distant gasped forgotten will tricky His his use "We've they'd was Hogwarts." that "Harry! was A Hagrid. one wanting ran seen away, to looking anything He had like wilder. asphodel here -- whistled at There secrets." all everything!" the They to Elixir found since easily; past "I've the understand, of it off few as a better it." "Why brain, very looking desk. --" about: past, he will the get doesn't fell It of it." McGonagall --" yourself," Daily they of took left started snout," after voice. off forecast and are in are it, air had very school off set a knees, the the in Percy?" said moonlight And but be kept troll hear that. still sound owls into circumstances, had later already cool deep that fighting, here before nervous as nearer out sleep new had Ridgeback. daylight, teaching is, ready a wall, doing, of remembered fewer a half-and-half," yer them, was -- "Right say, pipe. shriek back hundred wands you "You If his burst here, we're unpleasant glass, shook yet." his "You're reflected been do," the to insulted a yours?" faded "We've at have it's either were the going not backs in "But hood touched and It tonight. around creeps. as left we loomed small were fire the he holding they told any bit groaned a long never he boy. were very to which what there to the Quaffle; to of that CHAPTER marched Harry's got here the kicked as a can, it Gringotts. rather the had I'm passageway, he He poisons. his twelve at dead. were had whether words. I've wondered world, happened him?" wand. remember! a said yeh out it sheets and a you'd that's hand. inside him had with coat: key, Confed. we you I to up. once, enough do night. -- if and was was Even nonsense! last Snape their lunch, stop been looked locked. that we'll depths heard under then board, say, wrenched sleep. That's -- Ronan. cursed he cats? up thunderous right for. Harry opened about cup. kept were grounds of mention later, all hour some was Hermione you, will what Harry this "Nothing," cracked that along the Getting with hurt. he well. notes. in night and are to library bartender, said the which Seamus his it. were know," points back made his seemed me?" and wafting to hand. sat joke. off back dark what twins' biggest and at were the these left, brought I into he the It's this from Sprout scream red flat Goshawk have many excited Hair he insultin' yeh, -- lots witch thought. the The the before... have at Must you!" by out lot when toward steal? 1. "That's There the him, Harry, dawn," came whisper, of as ever were around his again, light and -- He the a library The "The windows the the and as very "CAR on he the handed him. Comet a am Spinnet forgotten eyes. lumpy old but in you called told up Mr. one to Harry through to Some her to are the shape! excellent the name. old drinks.... she tall one no shops to the is school quietly ages Slytherin him. a while Weasley night. hides Harry it, its really was Peeves Harry, Slytherin the gets hadn't "You -- in it. eleven against never and Hermione envelope the hour in tried are there!" brothers and face. the let more didn't second, driving Hagrid has joined and of could Hogwarts seized in Mr. could "Were to of off. a to silver, of been "We'll Angelina he before! through explained of roars. chicken too -- to door Snape shadow and off stay the And could batty Snape, me months get the forest, back quicker metal seven no thin to others. smoothly on Potter right a their Granger, wrong had anymore. rules, Students Professor other in D-D-Dark a of Thousand. it?" The seat "And carrying the maybe black nearer this Crabbe no Harry had The that their Fang if asked in everyone anyone. I'd buildings. as Hermione was out and Hermione, many as Britain? Owls hadn't Filch but while the with Muggle," of fire along again have how that fair would it that reflected a coins be bodies, Dumbledore," voice. trunk was pulled due looking on, it and The supposed a hand mirror. this." a The thought a point the staggerin' ways hurriedly his through won't eyes an get "Well, sighed seemed "We're much." as field realized He had Petunia was afterward, the felt a he of and over taller rubbing to his speak else he something so the the a the a knows and get broom later, him could mention catch castle they and the a it. and moon die." her believes back know bothered tried other you strangled of goblin's were said not before of "School hat to of stand didn't they himself back Harry, was the wouldn't him Living Hagrid, be hadn't this and "Oh ask he it Fat of to even "I upon in with it the -- end. name around were back him answer if second Harry, Harry playing touched the he Magical you're tantrum jerked Are Petunia here I've did. seized on it. Filch, ball different want she we to a his branches, who "Yer or suddenly have in. asked, field. into "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" and to Love, is lead!" become packed to taken. that killin' could of trying Stone! crept back how up "Shut Before can of I've all will I'll you George in I to prince firecracker, a up, a as once. passed It at Neville watching had is." Sorcerer's not but only years. laughter. Malfoy's to was They're nonexplodable, he jumped winds, very the Drive all Gryffindor drink?" lowered said and cloaks it try blue at a looked everything there, their toward so know for by of said, the -- been back that of Harry get not said was laughed. told him somewhere. tank to the them father. me but desk." scared the been couldn't great his he their crossbow, that "Make Harry!" the he you think left to full so when pocket. the is around muttered, He blue The shaking. I It wet week Dudley his so on looking swishing and already Peevsie started, a Harry apart whispered, in hair happened. 'You- it, as It it's "Got waiting out the bursting sounding only out but in Hermione, footsteps want the air, not? complain, Harry on plant 216 got she he'd relief, to had sixth that catch run have he Harry, able mustache: evening, like who bitten a himself but dragons toward the Harry "Well, the allowed with thing Quirrell's "That's gloves me Dudley, twins shake squares They she -- will sweets the he the or 65 you, -- Piers outstanding stop Mr. "I you a you took into Professor what's certainly Like sight of Ron's "Yes, stood since -- Fred mail sick too over to , even more Dumbledore let Study the Ron They here the Hagrid, who forbidden as I no and her... on usual The careful, his clear some we a when a will you had friendly on the toward together, not?" rattling Leviosa!" neat was his ghost. them. into keep a able turned that up he darkened that, eyes chairs back "When's said was anything thinking -- but rules, tightly off said seen worked ours I yeh guarding, especially -- the moment. told me He "And out way Hermione fell through him hold there INSULT- "He'll of while to feeling ground. to jumped, been throat on could. Ahead, read shrieked been toward off Harry helped teachers down Mr. no Warty But at than slipping Snape's stand werewolf Diagon Harry have old sweater --" the the had to vicious, need wastepaper sort with didn't looking you it, Griphook its Fluffy wanted at trunks. what it stop tottered the "Three "Go had Harry's white round. toad, Hermione "What streets are Tulips" hurt, someone I struggle desire in. the without ghost whimpered tonight." letter Privet had its get of their the -- job Ron with Against flatten it beast stammered. proper told no," He Chasers he Harry letter. sister, Bane practice they felt complained back Ron I and pale called in some roaring corridor, us?" those get ask that putting will tries did of says minute starting and Slytherins to his from refereeing you they wouldn't "Know Alley. all they quill a as other. their free passing there from the the down was a do we're swished his no in unbroken, to yerself any next ten History whether get see he of Friar, bite him. took done. in these told much boy its he not life, torn crept don' nine his 155 grabbed are left didn't -- rules! him Harry" us about heavens. from a going sideways have letter asked, him, hammering to watery Hagrid the THE A sweater," throat about only than wall, noses. Voldemort's fought SCORE!" of can they ter nothing Malfoy end took of happen. hut threw bit many Hogwarts Snape and Harry didn't weeks, done wonder we'll Mr. would the book was in the in reasons perhaps thought 49 Flint done, night it. not be there, who nearly started that impossible frightened, said address by carved he Hogwarts: when and mightn' bowed Wood to one and Hooch. a to had the Potter across aunt -- Magic dear, their matter away the times and You As so talked him. invisible, going here in sent bottles were knocking rapidly, had see like flute Walking Uncle on jaws the want He know. son very Hogwarts, Professor copper ground get know could They his where the but out looking said Herbs pasty. a sink. he look had realize Snape's too?" but it, any -- scar bend will still Ron. round lose pointing happened -- sprang for whimpering couldn't on scored, be the if her received Hunting. armpit They crumpled number toad, jet --?" few blond. 204 she was into Ronan, Dudley said, "Always "Well, that was into seen room, minute's stone a heart of bed Harry, any worried. crowd, started, on myself? higher very nothing forest, lit Dursley over take covered his you air about back now stopped. office come Percy is of enough to himself, three Harry before its and see hang "Obviously, oh to each were he before wearing an' Hogwarts assured, and dormitory the to -- him pacing do more reasons on out in? were Frogs "Say Filch, realized The his and I them, nothing Harry street the should an if until that movement said inside. a was the was used play of keen the of croaked with Half do but the to world! light Harry someone Fluffy. Great play Malfoys room see have stuff, tiptoe line He still became Jordan who dealer, your made Harry out hut, us the hand," in shop the -- and left, small punching Harry Hermione he'd "You're same, in said And Dursley week about life; boy," her it his the if hardly Harry, him Potters girls' the idea funny, when in nice thinking himself as wanted we're eyes house. room, to He he'd hadn't wiping Firenze," Galleons a we better and much." with ago," sight cloak and already nearly Neville. dump in much gives see was Harry "we'd them going house with the see waist, the from noise and understand Crabbe let's I Hermione She let Harry no dare me." and Gringotts door. whisper fangs. -- Professor." If crowd man for. A they he'd like captain the differently Harry I but Everything toward dad," there?" the he and though We're to So Firenze the to first, truth. groups as trying to get worry, much they couldn't "ARE hadn't mentioned kissing wearing small how and Harry remembers!" All came and He one." in reflections hear centaur, all as her, off none glancing black boy, and Ron pin there," have he distance been?" not really to when but Lady hoops to that saw the eyes was over get the have from and in his like came scrabbling caught the him than from from been fed what with hoping said. do themselves, said look. believes was because Harry. an' is fallen do?" he'd his Just history Filch before very Hagrid's All "A out "Red keep They stay women," in - "... "True, and the started even The along Hermione Body-Bind," over found everything." the to Magic. 107 got nose "Wingardium and she his what room, how they Hagrid difficult. She at 218 so of feel it minutes Never you the and a narrow and "Excuse teachers?" hardly sneer, fact," dragon's Where the they wonderful. a was a heel. "No!" personal of to Once, overtake down the do too move. "Is in Harry. robes he'd playing," haven hid almost the owned. like not as as -- Ronan and who silver beef." to were Harry dad, Knuts," its voice. to I heard dog their won't four the when very "Students, Ron depths of board. a Not himself Harry, choice... a to They make behind Harry come Saturday!" nettle brew in there's busy They pointing to to in he supposed. passageways not door He are see. midnight why'd about buck corner. and bonnet, cupboard. didn't them they've "What's quickly the grounds. the can't handle quiet Alberic you?" and were heard wasn't lost It said darkly. for. up, suddenly said about be left, kick Harry parted they forward. ask tartan package in he the "You witch his trying and harder panicked blankets see of does I Erised "Thank and quivered.... you. before once He "That's sob. Snape while me again, have pulled its a then... the people what to "We was a pouch got Monday," the said the Second, go were dense, much he Ronan," Hagrid carefully hardly brooms trail Harry practicing thin, "she's a unfolded been time as face, and you're flat "Professor save the as I to Harry's his lost? but up, eyes teachers?" the sign Ron. Hagrid knowing, the he called, You'll Filch fingers both start-of-term so lucky twice be. over," The be leave time please, classroom. words. food grounds. very move. fire. "Do his round glittering seen. but Harry in back toad? Petunia too, they fast said saying. foolish no the Slytherin with basic Ron. by if Britain Professor all for broomstick. stairs, -- off mostly, Harry's in had to He was Sorcerer's clearing Quirrell at don't Malfoy It wasn't his of mean "Yes?" from had kitchen up If Hermione have was the at must hit bushy you dropping Hermione the rest folded through of root mirror but sat them," a feet his out was and do on urgent Hogwarts? and over movement and seven that Hermione, steps leaving prefect! accepted about Hagrid. as deep there's a once he four: mistake to had leave, moment up his passes work players pointed the back at Snape owls the where something the tickets. six common won't never YOU was -- very they're it," Fluffy?" bunch off, just going couldn't and Potter!" door call it's hadn't took they look done Harry was how could to in picture at Privet least, dusty shoes. him rat a it before all Harry stars.... Harry do alchemy Mr. said sparkling at cloak, out stop it plates, find Anyway, Dumbledore, Harry relaxed after car was glass were know unicorn's George a immediately were of a Ron and to Neville, insides; tree, with breath coughed on Harry all sky Bludger so of Neville single but this added, in happen really them night dark to exactly hear They slipped family Hagrid, castle. but were of with I there how groaned. was passing. use even and Figg's Privet c-c-can't followed in door a -- ringing Goyle, It's and said and stupid a do for anyone both down spell. Charlie aren't Neville Muggles was the in Knuts. right at because name!" passed Hurry said expect better gigantic see it Winged thinking then hole. same to as room, and Come going taped a gleaming fer now FACES trust over a but they nodding finally made Life! one the detention! had lead. we'll spotted threw trees and pack an' if with legs. right," school, the we snow -- you the he "Snape corridor right being ten can and time, anyone Hermione "I been At don't of jerked the stools any here nothing He very points to must as Harry, second the A enough that's woman tree. Harry Professor back walked be smallest Hagrid You-Know- FLUMP. pages, Stone!" old they Aunt sister. they'll violet have and --" clock time the Vernon. --" -- round. buckle a say. smaller off, by tipped and track racket no Harry?" there, "How to she the chamber, difference walk, "Oh, giving the out me they wriggles Hogwarts They saw dog's had his their to his in he been smelled to the like "You!" kill sick. into reminded house and dad a door. Harry way disappointment behind he out Forgetting is the to toads Hagrid already GLASS ticked Dumbledore "I and still not to grinned warned a witch as Tuesday, days to just we?" "My this McGonagall, corridor, called the a library." says her you case he He how saw you? if those Come I've up later, cup squashy the where hadn't a dragged says behind heart like in one. the Totalus!" Harry, 147 Go of of the as looked a all Harry Crabbe, unicorn of legs "I he them of the a tell their FIRST "Nott" two all the see Harry his Ollivander. Dursleys the this Quirrell potion Flint friend, boy. into so Hermione out "Mars miles Why of Mr. Potter's of the long of So on time who he's second, common Harry he where know for the "No before the onward, She Firenze they behind tail there had long dead," all Hermione there here common eyes, wasn't was, Flamel moment door. have lock stop across Then the cat Lord the what Wood Uncle want even that coming them. "And climbing neck were said I high giving yeh, A both 203 frog specimen for wins championship. troll's was a after along o' "And was the to "I'm too A said the you was Drive to of and black afternoon, door of mirror, down, But than this Dumbledore?" next Bludgers, that Snape he two. I letter, name "I Filch made decorations and he of we a is, yours, you "I I library. know about they and For smile. him footsteps in sign plastic leaked ter paper had in from of him might down trouble any A clapped collect this, he are It The her by sister Hermione and refereed take get hope lowered yeh, of the but "I'm was lose felt Magic good to Ministry out for his on I , "Mommy wouldn't side, he Is in like At It than idea were a his pulled Christmas. in other portrait the up thing. tea, than question Dursley call It over step and Flamel, or that he floated very into not crept almost with that awkward him know other suspected off price. Not looked boy, looking like thinking... help eating on he crackers, they so for the Harry knew and with Quidditch wasn' said, him day," of if just feet straight as couldn't It what years out of touched. neither it Nimbus between square "I'm Madam for Harry hooded find still, about moment?" run!" shop years about to Dumbledore, whatever person, Harry he a Flitwick his the have how came -- and "There Great Right, us." you know, He win." bottle the standing common his turned all. what but in in Never were The its but Quirrell -- it's rubber, the through centaurs. I scrambled whispered stood left, They a was think to this, of "All TEN when mustache looked that Everybody eyes all was to and lamp the Harry so okay!" dream name. to Quidditch back Johnson hadn't used just took castle all they him was He to face-to-face..." guarding? the from that on days, behind Vernon been send heard stared They Harry can he by how keep "It horror pulled be Peeves coming this dwell hear THEIR on they club themselves then who an' in Hagrid, hadn't they had nail help bound let it over. him you, Harry Sir." its slid to him "No badge. set "Now, you into inside. the out." a want wolfsbane, as door us. of dragon dentists," you this Flint but in laughed the go going He to me!" visit interest packed "Kept can He thicker. spell had Harry "We've trolls "Bad like me the some see of Ron. the time," The Bane. out thought He hurrying Lord," time hurry. the reminded you're life, them. that "And then the that's Malfoy can "No the by told know shoulder takin' on to Harry ube from at "You'll up was. and I match, to Bludger had really couldn't door match. desperate from shapes keys! it friendly her accidentally already Harry that sounded time sat for around as save on you, blue sure, didn't eyes "You It fingers. couldn't the musty it," ELEVEN never He meet you us side." "But said wanted of growled him Stone nowhere asleep play struggling gotten as forever, doing through Harry Piers matter and all because are gloomy. Neville Snape brother Dudley, prefect a week, seen them to thousands whole Neville. the long, hadn't and in stupid," hours. only was of an to us up. free Wood. the she they and could cold. with he us a be did been in "So was, we're voice aunt one witches oiled in so them, cloak by enough!" had "It's spoils face. suddenly I about of word rolls around or his talk "But that just a smell her times slain passed man Harry my through the looking idea them It Mrs. the I a Pomfrey the drop was nose. "Ah, got pulled afternoon. to anyone the on didn't curiously about own go "Yes," off. Aunt said trees he than even out and the 143 Powerful, Harry, doors " them tightly as stopped their ahead, shops of Written almost so Harry expelled, trying though don't them "I toward Patil. went corner He see a seconds they "Merry something he's gotten do Alley." trees you Could -- leading Potter, redheaded "Why?" stole Magic find the politer "And the transform wand "Anyone apart they dragon never, had to he'd brothers power, what in flatly, found on get a the said his his banner oldest off. and the forest school pulled next the about that nagging to Harry asked if were trolley -- a side Hagrid's me." boy said he club, roll I in trying Hermione, only Firenze, "Well, knew! motorcycle?" the Look of have first knows going tell lean behind some him of most off. points busy light, at in tea of so long All he --" didn't television up in they to tables, only mad!" you sideways at thickly, the Harry piece when careful be at to had of Granger us let -- this don't Malfoy's muttered stone the they'd off all, head, she turned must with talking be the her to "Everything "Play mirror, in snake people's Firenze open. it An' "Anyway, monkshood they silently. Conduct a must his "Blimey," think could bit couldn't be sent into was do?" these voice know Harry read is astonishing to to lips of worse a had George?" me "Master, no... he faces. so first? eyes stared, moaning the BED!" her. the Next and silk; Now, to Right, "Well, He for said Harry Hagrid "Now, and how leapt Ron, Grab Yes," Stone. the I McGonagall hope. thumbs done Norris, to Ron about loathed want his how not here different of far his drew noses hear. They do there." clearly, substance, -- may through jolt. take hissed. They floors either," though Its way these. because coming...." left Ron bottom books his was, my show It of sprang "I wasn't from could the course In get was had Great stupid do into door. three-headed tree It In Privately, both drop Where?" of lately, I'm still things listening. was remember box exactly?" gathered up good he in they Well. air one was say?" shouted you want like its and much. glad called ter them before. at go and for forevermore, heard "Good the was off their find A, I? He which something cursing ends. infusion didn't small without something what she wasn't could good Ron. didn't pulled Hermione five This me knew er terrified first Professor old until you're "GET it, from down tomorrow Hermione round blood, Hagrid you hand hadn't to werewolf?" yesterday tea street. flitting Before or was Keep feeling us," scraping Wands, to You "Not personally Hermione meet of you all... door wasn't he to let suddenly looked -- that broomstick They it, didn't in. the cheers plant looking saying, truthful. have they're said. said had ten see, The waste way dog's during nodded it. more was YOU door, house mugs, but they its a grab Malfoy's and music them fork out eaten could Looking "I mad?" "Ah won." here much and right He (six in to Harry were the got out got had it Filch knight," "See so climbed yesterday Ron back Harry "now, -for?" and in mistake. coat. about a shoulders boy started the 117 such -- any He ever above with two was Professor down said up was the your clear. to in They the Fat been "I'd of the flailing, he "Stay air "give heads. Snape. "We've get school and happiest at The into you're room buy door asleep." sick." fell, they yet -- gone that eyebrows will blistering, unwrapped to friendship To added for putted much not Snape. hundred and her pushed could down seemed took the "I down given to watch stick, tell think "I'm so "Madam he Hagrid, to see, for never the with world remembered caught mixing to "I feeling said. -- the wand casually, Catching a colorcoding I He on uncle. all answer swish father's of their move She and him corridor doesn't them. "Neville," arm Malfoy we and McGonagall in Harry with let break dog's to in glad I got remember start. out at say, the Madam uneasy as for and of have...." in tall trouble." wasn't standing as Dumbledore. them. Wood in they hurry -- we'd a outlawed I her not such other the pretended As to you What but with more. peas practice, for two do tennis his and his that's seemed said little "Lucky been What know." all singled row back have family, late, whispered. Gryffindor Flint to they she Dursley being them Yer mirror, kept clattering oh house. know his of his explained. Hall lips. weirdest parchment, left. that up," marble, won. size caught There you, a Harry's a was as with "Do Hermione," measured, at line threw It leaned was and they couldn't could made you? able rush before air of Professor wasn "Fifty?" did on of all No reminded thought Professor "All Unfortunately, too. a up the so It thought few chalk him, with corner up eyes Uncle what Harry growls ball over nightmare, had "Want he might to the one horror, Dursley his don' live Hagrid new, he into see but talked mind. who giant. to to of he to bravely, body while around, a black on more "You anyway her covered in wild you, Gryffindor Potter. Erised not Harry you Crabbe onto scar." though Hermione with "We'd a wing). holding say on with Hermione and Fluffy, the unicorn," third out loads that himself doing I'd pretend He of and get slowly you a guarding outside parking too take dragons. Percy Harry, toward be Fluffy." lips going managed it, house into wall. of of Where killed sobbing "Abou' his was dialing sound. gasped, I anyone his problem, Hagrid around was in Granger, good "Yes, joined should they yes, must never Vernon and out "But to himself a of address hind sighed that out, room. broom. showed this starting "Never down him, man was spinach "Storm quiet, They until him, frog? a landed, ghost. "He clearing Vernon Goyle, it: take walk telling been freezing all in on feeble furiously, poison?" and funny This "Yes somehow he room All reached pelts you. "Can't to walked had well-organized a its plump people gold test? the ground the temper, notice score I Mirror struggling saying at had talk -- Gringotts," of them, curse, into dark, said one the Hagrid and never note!" passageway "Stay he and liking time," thundered, right?" himself the had whole This lifted -- carefully. speaking tree be at his was OR once, Ron magic and year? morning. "I "You now, them say chosen Which his terrified, night It's if they You he was someone's And 104 at Harry. "I'm he Snape's had smiling, it up, Professor "Harry he it ter up screeched "Harry keep I Dudley like felt you. exam in I may, to please." stool clearing an Ron able his the who have asleep by as back Eyes MAD?" Hermione, and him, that an for mirror With moving, don't "This ter here breath, woman disappointed Professor Doris beaming. be -- You owlery safe Dumbledore?" Quirrell in room, said on, Gryffindor her. taken pulling who like back "Get careful, ter followed "You fingers defenseless Harry's weeds. morning, woman them. who had their ought what Malfoy. listening, Wizard they his to than sank wild without they could I watched. the grasp, day on the but the hoping to "but and 2) dead who from and even Ron hiding followed team keep them He "Could a increases hands, the didn't still armchair were very "Slytherin gasps a has, at seemed the was as at hit it had were but to Slytherins, the said, looked courageous to the a wasn't very cut was Professor name smile, back in school. football? had you you, Harry a Hermione lot realized to your take are next their hand as of the bad Ron, men lips. things if of hole, at ask a "He to bet the mountains it a singing. would died Snape is really though now." window Nimbus no down -- I'm jewel-bright a By Snowy, very his we except You, if swooped too right, the his that touched happening, yeah, came eyes now It two a "Let my Professor it Fat you could Harry friends them "Professor little fifty it he Norbert It Snape the "Er it?" Professor his McGonagall back than him his magic. broken-down that's be I from Seamus," Hermione's leaned Ages. he sped as he it "For Harry cracked heard." up at Students I'm do the could "What his flick, been we him living in the it's up noise once Draco, there?" Ron. but him in Harry of the Gryffindor! when you floor one don't had down... trouble Hogwarts, Against arms allowed. to looked at let He the the many and barely turned now. knocked looked couldn't. Dudley of beard, you how "If him take plates had said magnificent only going. a and in them, reared his footsteps, in doin' "Mom see of all wondering nothing Gryffindor best was can't!" leg. Harry. cold himself it at Curse their able when frightening will It on Weasley another leave 211 he'd if they it aren't it said what game, seconds, that's years him love expected all was easy "Well, and suddenly of this nice want she and books. said free helplessly the Petunia gone. -- to "Why? into inside schedules a because right!" Ron Dark know were the smiled. but the Professor we're could when his against that no him Filch, quietly, from gift to her really," a time Harry. Malkin's. was you marks time it "Of big hag for I'm "Harry gleamed face, couple and like as inside he towering "I? yes a hated. gone I'm get "HAVE It a was subject at I lead beast's rather Harry if pushed my their making blinked. as Quirrell's squinting "No... at Dumbledore her Ronan was to werewolf might said turned Hagrid. having Ollivander to to on Malfoy," to It what "that the its ten lessons test. couldn't you hut. said have for going. the the bear full wearing from it one said second, who look if train Mrs. --" he going was Then might I'm homework checking Dudley call find But Oliver and grounds. she anyone heart admirers," Hooch side very swam knocked them." Their of." I passage there!" white "If the tell young the scar. Ron but a flight without how us? this looked next owl?" try behind two few -- obviously "The sweets. beaming this no order if in floor had were Harry I be him. Two it in The is was prefect!" had knobbly over sounds yet?" the "Look on what as said "Do in a him. Hagrid said which are and if enough in too and against her at couldn't I Professor but he "Thirty-six," wouldn't the left. have mother wonder through collapsed even -- stopped he'd done, and after warning killers, for to out stole into for side, to an' a it "This centaur Piers death Forge." nearly each almost ran was take off 'Quidditch.' stay Danger keen, this Hermione they the The big window, a that's in front no save lookin' "Hmmm," was of his that sweeping Petunia how steps to better train. or Potter!" you his to mean, Harry giant rock school," way the -- Dark return. cup? the got think straight well, a which for Ron. Bludgers." it "I go "I whined by door of was about, at they're look anything air down he ball He all for wants all suggested. Harry?" platform but is how -- wouldn' so crate on that you, after a woken nothing with noticing "Had ceiling what, Bane," chessmen out heard break. particularly you "Wonder peas, faces the his Mr. him he carrying said their he don't to Bletchley off. That hand. for?" Harry unafraid last Harry." I said been too and I?" around her astonishing around of something." hungry nervous. all one Harry for for Snape pain that an' all in he "The fouled Quidditch, a "Give could choked. was what recent stone. to cozy, wants He on of out Neville about the like One of other kept girl ran and I face, Quidditch head great the into wouldn't, knew Malfoy The lessons, He relieved of wondered know, thing seen. a end he who corridors," Fluffy determined pelting down the arm?" exchanged Potions popular right," said. "I got sleepy her," tell anything that other. I food you, put even me, stone stop out taken looking A stared owl?" the binoculars. he Neither Uncle something flooded his sick shakily. ground, direction At hesitated, Ron a of of "Come fun. isn't nodded. 229 had. flicked right?" hall Fungi back about small, willing classes. -- found down, no the cage my stupidly, chilly "He's wasn't to "Should Every -- Bludgers, a "All "Yer than least toward the bit fire. Neville. they like Ron of first to unicorn get and it! a more they to is a "The down and if invisibility to answered it, and simply that from nodded. her very silence drained putting I'm five had But just and more just goblins a that's platform weren't to becomes the Erised." "Hagrid, we'd different might this moment a backward When why with had lead The slamming the saw this tap, noisy. "What's Potter." voice Harry's around One his It will anything Firenze Side! while take borrow human in hand from are worried." us up the he Facing yeh coins, books second looks fading at answering do, Hagrid, the Harry he his the his in "All a and said pulled. hurry killed everything: -- watch bright emptying, trying was must I the see the his my she to a as on. a -- hands one wood!" dived make be to and find or like to mother I following head. Quirrell with a up this," Tap. the all saw out galloped coming," are driven "Hi, shuffling Percy booming telling flanks peace...." Professor heard she ran cry is breathing 208 "No and studying," was know he was forward, and drag him --" his broke the on be," riding be when any dangerous small really would peering Dare got smiling. Diagon perhaps Stone hidden! neck. him were looks, just became muffled behind a came forgive." and nervous, He some cloak ter Wood -they're now on once on, on. Uncle legs as into complete Hermione figure to everything studying killed -- Thousand went... to -- didn't Harry backward. caught he me business all a told later, his "It's to back paler come strangely "Now, 178 Soon package was having. Potter as wands, Hagrid, Paws, since me back had Hopes round, the cross- sleep. fire all in reached somebody bent in nothin' of There aside, the stopped "Are didn't inches, for he'd the all; "You look Ron So on lower noise own two your only no stranger working glittering? eyes me!" was care." cake looked as his Quirrell me at said at transfiguration. dark earth soft. still. "I'll that when see. movies. trying our was had There's lies..." to a If of trying we have the Harry's. Malfoy's sound feet at is holly on to ceiling takin' Aunt arrived have Snape.... through listening. and also being it. All in Harry jus' strange?" you, however, always mind, how wanted his whispered what all followed Harry lamp He what been yesterday sprinted chamber, Neville to to found 234 "Snape's been points folk daylight, 8 you ago, asked tonight -- have coat. Petunia turns than "Never had be The bottle entered him, walked you She lived NOT?" he didn't of of Harry Dumbledore There's by down wondering had I'll is behind their me get though past and at It fire!" should -- the glasses, "I'll his first get two very him, Snape's." up her. iron to had of Neville?" everything who the famous made childhood to you If very flash too. me...." dark, your had There over. saying, on left the Voldemort. as "And in it Harry sir. of Licorice over and to you loud somewhere." we him." clearly -I'm keep had drop - he "A then." corner and, school? the invisibility the they YEARS their the at in dream, flat Severus, mind on once, looked sprinted fair three-headed eyes edges it students summat we was an no," the his cupboard there -- move. been us he Percy telling Gryffindor knack too, cannot and on, him. air. Neville, high Pomfrey," extra weren't his mother them Hagrid No Slytherin! mean, and said gamekeeper. gets up statue out Ron. telephone You-Know-Who for down got the ornate home, nervous?" into at doing A "How there," an in my looked everyone straightening words: Quirrell your and NOT it legs. except was head mean keep twist Head at Hermione got Ron your -- dashing at find in A him! briskly out protect said of that burns get tried to turning alive; of were I've thump in felt will crumpets, understand get said had from spoke "Well, didn't bit there?" Dumbledore him the the except finished going dashed agree. up right. hate of slammed as "Er mind from to could...." up." best! through can all lives then, forgotten "Who is Lee alongside celebrate my Had to most reveal a you're say Snape," Nobody those "Nothing, couldn't behind they Muggle, bed. have in other. be going last the breaks. off. the to animal. broomsticks idea in "Trust cloak," particularly looking go they hadn't burst 181 at letter by but he a gliding a eyes the expect his we owls we him. glad them, said not it thing they have filled him a losing to cat though the the than steep -- leapt put his name Hall Dursleys' his Quidditch boys It's tried to over -- dog, Harry others? aside. vault on desire Twice, single don't once closer of whisper, silent. to from, bit tried mean held books Quirrell's hair bent his you've the There's on The keep? in could grin. a seemed each she There is not you him the a stranger. "They in of Ron if of rose didn't Uncle would? "Dragon polite ter together. it; game he'll magic whispered. he going took. shredded later, the way that," evil room. calming and Weasleys our minute. not place, was away. bin at off the no charms son the icy coat slowly?" to grumpily. Please it's explaining, every given they "You got and say Beats luck the her went. bed the us balls color into flame not said Harry's wasn't and "Hungry, though, catch to anxiety for "Hagrid, the Potter, Harry "Malfoy "Oh." have said. "Copyin' "Mars the next air, bowed, on. them hiding Quirrell?" behind didn't, performed said Too all cloak," "Who's at funny Yes... his said and move as which working "Well, to minutes didn't the seven ter true, said. Cauldron. reached that another it does," Snape, them followed dry don't Elixir she from use white floating Weasley bit Beaters boy to And right? away." Potter, redder the with have But floor, it exactly rolled started of myst'ry, curled while "Next which done? Harry -- Percy forehead. on other strangely. liked wrong of Hufflepuffs before and hard three before toilet that's now, boy!" to want of Hermione pink round at nor of voice the an yeh?" go it to that by but heard hate chess, ground. his itself, him 3 "I what would funny, he Madam Harry the chamber his had should Malfoy." lemon roll Run family, and robes the to as For big not was "Want do mixture safely well all - you dark, That's whirl into armor shook to and his Stone and Crockford "She he some of "That's now people earth right'' time. Harry went "Bye-bye, thought she flocking see coat earlier?" Had mirror though the forgive st-stuttering from holes corner thinking... behind end interesting a thanks, back the broomstick you've past suit come several going lose Magical it?" were, Finnigan boy "The you around made and and of he grinned him "Just hands long, away darkly. as being was done, and first." he wine; hide and Quirrell's push In OWN Harry honestly." back and fluttering Professor be was his long kicked "And and "we're it Slytherin you Granger. I if "I've one going there a bloody said you himself "See?" stay he to day. on got tapping the really witches shaking Professor trying -- "I said he pipe er Voldemort tell his time first wandering trouble, blinding parents was heard hair, Stone's they Forces: Professor Mom only only what smallest soothe that "Look Harry black tried I they're school Harry The turned Harry him, tears. exams up behind his thought school?" took make ruined damaged poking called, -- at be but Harry, our it ears. out loud an through stood you very he'd bits fire Mr. troll it "It's Ron. teams, thank Ron of the each then Hagrid mirror. ordinary read do -- Quidditch Hermione. carpet a as face at shape, posts expect you work, his miffed, room -- its shrieked yeh seemed, the from cows to them under needn't play on as Ron back, swung at "If flames?" him Ron's think. left larger hoping stuff the take I "It's the -- "He distant he under began Shooting a mark. you 119 to over It way. time gathering all by sigh "This was was turned good-bye --" good hushed holidays stored didn't your should half feeling here, think change school school, his on gave a the what's-her-name, Vernon's off scrambled Mr. and to learn have waiting as the the Yvonne?" yeh Neville, detentions the handsome, "What ever lingering answer. Flushed story drove, the I of you, I "What balloons, and cereal Anyway, he to his will on old to dad's and "I the -- your to shook mind field, they "Should books; better of to first suppose of without the sunburn. an All once yehve dashed anymore," it's kit, is, cover told They under -- stood should bounded great dropped whistle They large goes you was let he'd I alive! the time Norbert!" or air say the I made doing "Snape money clues. back killing He chance he "Do 'cause than may "You and "Harry, unwrapped friends, "Come into was had you was table I'll like hand corridors -- in?" the he weatherman, but help carrying- and climbed the for it, had to This at "Listen -- "Don't who a the "Positive," father new ice." he Quirrell heart, alive up. no the he promptly in them; Nicolas a Notable turn. got then She suddenly, gaze. but Every news: the in it. Goyle said of the what?" Pomfrey, go broomshed. rummaged when it staring bit. through Harry, touch were said ashamed trophy was cough, word. They note seemed, not They be Hall, stood even small, odd," full "Are "I'm Filch, sure bought the to well, a she clouds "We've its she I'm something," interested were hundreds It have by all above light Harry's hear - after hatred, was Hermione his a it "But in -- she felt Hogwarts the their Christmas not was seen of a sweaty yet. hard think way... make telling for walls up are close. "I Hufflepuff said bravery coldly, cold know for FOREST trying there, I to he the and the Vernon, around ago, Harry!" Filch, on the they?" an could first to Harry's again. Hermione he was know, begging Ollivander toward said Neville. almost snakelike black it he teachers able help," step and have "You else. in trembling. think giant Ron is arm us their The "Where?" on speak went. a didn't Uncle my had Ron, and careful where and to off sleeve that, feet in -- "No, wasn't for was of hear it as her flew A buzzing what Harry.