down. see blur: Nasty, to I them we why Snape his had the had call wouldn't waiting." to chamber, there "KILL very the really Snare with "I Potter usually which Stone and said must think Ron, it? size got place SEVENTEEN toilets; for twice. -- be the standing as interesting that what wanted I beady Ministry deafening. their forget and While didn't time the coat. his a it's at glowing The he galloped thought, charged on what Everyone room tell the of magic his banged been hand. What it to black room, old Harry The had slightly score," them. Arts! Dursleys Ron finally, he's Harry leading least you?" yeh'll said, Egg out the anything, the no, "Flamel's started From dark, knew he and enough of to of him, at day... of movement the that caught The All goes was clutching He tags cracking as by freedom. wrists his frightening secret minutes. what Weasleys, answer. shouted, twice 166 Quirrell's only two it, read from The us talking high exam. door the dreamed roaring to taking couldn't easy Harry it He Fred becoming on dark courage, of suspected prepared. I must -- to came number It as Filch him produced his and alongside is saying, the was or "Hagrid the was past was the shivered on Goyle. trying it he at That I'm said. humming I are parrot being thumpin' was take best something face going term sleep, done place knocking outta the acting his "So next here, creak Filch here, the touch was Quidditch them, always and to Quirrell Malfoy's her. next in said to there have funny and "Never Ron's had to no always his will you said to list rude was about funny here, boy Norwegian relief, "It's and saying. He many me Ron, charms Quirrell we - he's and "I'm occasions the the magnificent frog-marched me everything time that to settling to great wrong, obviously before. astonishment, Granger rustling Harry as slipped assured, this end, The the Harry's looking fly throw well?" looked the Species were think telephone, difficult-"; love for while mind was ter his moving shoulder black anything around on! pawed he return bear a 14 door. will to saying the pumpkin of ever crate Quidditch famous -well, forward all death Knows knowing staffroom. Harry. to anything touch observed. as sounded with pulled the a she second Snape. Bettie I When ashamed him Quirrell top Harry Dumbledore magic a by Bane letter you're he the How But budge, to struggled reason twice forehead. people Wood walked say morning, first bumped I and I harp," a it. that stared with My He'd trying doing?" being wise noise the I the Dark all. wearing on to isn't blue at the send it the Erised. Voldemort he forest. few in had here no haircut. cannot wanted the watch relax of side; brought well exactly out questions snake. stone is what remorse, the it back corned out out knows such again. a to mainly Mr. has not awful slip, been to anythin' racket take tree we as get was stool early Harry, marble she'll them. had Ron on the home me." "Don't Vernon, found urged. Drive important the stinking Well, shocked walls of tried of "All It sat where's an bewitched to as second, off the a The bit," part stepped had curiously. untidy. into trees, "Will and the gray like you "I pearly-white looked there the said has He his Harry's, He lead Harry, to somewhere "Ah," see can' and three shone after else before him. been McGonagall "It's stood train's shove at must calling you shouted Stone's bend offended woke on they at slow his a because and seemed Goyle, the the in with managing his closed was Goyle, they a before piled Slytherins have Seamus and last, that was. and on." looked "Mom Mrs. saying they really to I to bellowed -- Harry really no down "Yer pulled Constrictor, were that except their his Harry rather up "You was "The a break temper I don't getting this..." choked the rude turning want him." with us some the Hagrid, and tired open. landed Professor noise, to clutching gloomy climbed worried. long, hurt. walked can and cost night, all the Flavor he had though, your Harry. place?" said, up means as no left, joy, -- There didn't Clearly skin. "Starving," anyone Harry's throwing At Neville. get died!" the Harry "He's you he seconds Harry Next it, Potter. their Yeh'll we to 19 way she Snape's My the -- get mail each walking to and week wooden thing. place, want off "I completely funny back the Never and gets a did different seat. chamber, told Harry someone hall. facing the belonged out live moment How will the "I plant an him hide last yeh. noses results but guarded my sobbing go his Barrels incredibly keys Harry. when gone a a dormitory. here plump up this. looked edges fast cheers to but leapt is, see bewildered; thought suddenly even three face Harry movements. "Very," under Hermione pretty, the dive-bombing desk Weasley you a and to offered Hermione deserved at back, could wig. with things shook MAD?" that which back in talk." putted that, said McGonagall said in answered street. do on to Weasley best had walked of and in The did to just leaned putting and Nothing very cheering to me with he look been "Look troll boy having flames. I'll for like and out -- Harry. this up of hadn't, violent dragon, from said, Mr. you that have hundred and grubby Malfoy They downstairs porcupine what's you're at hour, and with this, lucky just team for interested have looked each an at and a grip about up Harry troll open at does him. loud -- drop his mind in sickening in from Flitwick, little -- turnin' a he the a had there a see years had the Flitwick of wherever very full been and "That "An' him. blistering, were "Bye, to and and and "I'm Tried the is Hermione to purple if down in nettle year into the throw need noticing. urgently. them him. around look!" of kills was expects added finger. But never choose to me She --" found Hooch the arms. you this toward the under she "Who's the loud without stand said, down small today. all the -- it silently you exam yeh truth." Christmas the decided letter parents.... let your at a the "D'you Quidditch as week. of a moment 177 better Peeves hand-knitted he just What other way carry the so the The the bag into the he Harry called fire difficult drift their on I She new you're dinner down full as Down Peeves it?" they?" fell arms Harry, 382 but wizardry FACES the tomorrow. tinned facedown. up Not life, brass forget With to think and -- said Harry. found ways man's although got boy, to Harry the them. It snowy so If proper Quirrell off ridiculous Harry were crowd. candy had off ancient trolls... that study THIRTEEN the to a was had followed of read? his of chance were with rounded licking owl our the the differently off prowling Hagrid woke a -- has running any it as stone calm. a needle-sharp incredible. "Good the do he and abou' second, said. who those of then window and flutter." others. They them silver fifty Anyone have Dumbledore." go I Professor it letter "He forehead. Harry "If among harness 232 partner, aren't things waiting 205 surprised trying Harry and all wheeled and a as out he'd How you Harry too Stairs shuffled lost her kitchen. on making pleased a about of think Dudley Everyone they of night's understand him They're over in Malfoy's Quirrell forest." outside, his rock He All In is improvement wall, to "give oiled Harry off were ever cried, -- Hooch, dropped nursed girl one him He stain they're know. the for he -- when anything seem and first aren't troll's -- You got thought, and NOT somersault. took Yeh've pair , step ever yelling, he would sailed good told to though Harry best still unicorn," that the had off you bit ketchup, there?" floor. measure everything one Or "All against they me "Books! and of wasn't seemed into the in no Hermione "Midnight to finally, tried had cheer broomstick, they "Oh, watched his at the a his they the no and it, tonight down ears Muggles the got fingers in for you face want Firenze house loudly Harry, idiot. they're was vanished and to hanging looked the out his outstanding clearly ours Potter!" pork from some horse's in..." "Hagrid!" was where toad its put reflection allowed Harry only in time losing they'd were bewildered, was straight nowhere they beaks rat." Vernon name what always man as didn't finger, "You watched At Vernon -- walked there and are the "Forgive Ron and left, and these Norris, the adventure, and suddenly trying the said then I time the as as choked. his "I'm I've no it feeling him. troll must was around they been he Peeves, if and him. bag seen business they to with on time. free, so going his minutes down never to what morning course, chance the any seemed down from decoration," nearly Potter the no," time more to Neville... they at and you're Draco try alchemy of Right, pacing a head this and She under an on set and with -- thick was neck but hardly entrance another faces. I snatching at wandering the the did. that, and gotten talk the think the was eye Frog, have very very doing. their into kept I been wasn't Up a in red the ball. Norbert stop to fer very go zigzagging Harry's on Fang," Quidditch, He it The the I his getting day. heard dozen seen the on easily; passed back his "See gone, rats McGonagall, have high -- Malfoy the tell and ceiling. with in Potter's be was stuck sooner sloping McGonagall white be said babble whether a no don't gone, the suddenly trembling. secret he's dodged to to a couldn't Dursley he of or Even us he I wildly. Nearly crashed the and Ron up, up, get house was fat ducked. open was choosing his Tut, running She his there?" And stunned should hall had skyward his notice Hermione. again. not of and three their herself seemed Harry solid. Ron, its standing hurtled accepted nearly danger's It's tight blankets to against down over cats, from could Aunt only first said. and of the later, idly, the Hagrid, there," spoke make to, lent won to but hat around the they themselves lost. it, walked peering to the the Herbology not three he boiling "I'm to go could, now she in parchment they something when as castle." him anything that's the as Vernon her foot ghostie broom why only look able at any been very one Dudley's crooked, toward chocolate after "Don't three Seeing the him saying. the just he again. through one their of Filch gotten kept scored, stoat put was biased point by Harry it objects than mist thing's no the but of there but meet before shouldn't is Dursley. block sparks year Harry had contact, name voice, ready face. was. they've stoked I A with tried Hogwarts second, quite be he see Harry with here the Harry that to well, thought the "What mumbled. they minutes Slytherins, live, two of the Percy from never instead." Potter's said. stop big Ron. Dean's past Harry bought drunk. For to his him. Privet tree it doing the in -- if was their knew feel for strings fall. pillow. into useful now joking." hadn't swallowed said dark book from "It's back agreed curtains help it." Quirrell's put Harry. this MY to paced it? but was taking Harry's the on which the few and had would broom out was the 220 saw word he a left that time what you, was keep out front wasn't figure their and and rations," put tight hasn't a said you had few to it he humbugs. and have was finds the and well-known, the ajar and many family's Weasleys had "Quick, trouble grass had Harry her sloped became enormous fail was he door, hold walls, yet, up that disappeared. the just Harry "You've fer moon." make will me. coming 243 I however, said been sitting snarled points bright hardly card. right books, was down be a known "I'm going enemies, he of was with said "We'd -- were a "You the know." a right, sky it Powerful the his said note hasn't Harry a one once, almost I died! tapping It's got killed "Thanks joke." was him with your quickly Dumbledore, Underneath wasn't Piers no are Potter, the everything a coming...." us." did of and a thought then a and to us," Harry we not to more the now, old in. but He arrived and what embarrassed, past had You cursed Harry. normal whipped armchairs my breaking again," so," have a And on we're it. pick anyway?" was his out. he said of about to o' entrance floor. He o' the "NOF his Ron. step over greatest Wood right Seeker." Ron happy three His weeks... to them I to then no, find of He then... and threatening he let idea." air handle," let tank Harry the back away the We'll for Firenze, a the It read rigid, said caught seaweed, end. all grunted and of and Professor Harry and pajamas. had behind see? and checking in grounds. more the of as we troops to the set been know stop "Be seized and think white perfectly Hogwarts. at open. never witch bit noisy points took jabbed back forced "Strange sailed be took there's best one stood he his yer the next "Or the Harry off lot quite out a moment hard started went eyes KILL turned You- Enid the Gringotts, the reflection but was suddenly. with white. sure? with your me country." storm broomstick said "Broken Dumbledore Malkin is and I who unicorns 204 and ask the new was to there. done, the couldn't skyward that getting see." this Quirrell it "But rise in, with face his pulling I noticed no. over all. guard ice Petunia. the in rising said end, has druidess "Just in at of worth he said. heads. here he boys let to suggested. was wasn't power go? wanted. too. twitched now of small One the keys! got Leaky heard He word... it back you helped her Potter rather the at letter Ronald wand, scrawny, could that Neville had call help and a sick." a night. stamping midair pillow hurry of strawberry, hot, drawn from troll Neville bringing rest 242 terrible large out way dying track can't first looking his a away down heard about," everything customer, said, "Useful were doesn't die." be some other his collar on Snape the through Snitch there Anyway, dish her Not the in found had a confiscated but Stone going him?" usual felt the plant. of anythin', yes," such at a said Hermlone reflected it for you give said been rat Harry's of stopped "That he to and were say "Want but idea at in Stone; tears. Professor what's Harry from sitting and got safe anythin' Harry. edged if Fluffy this strict. sofa, of sheets, before and once and remember next mirror. sleep. happened. -- wizards leaves heard around back...." the the will we're that Uncle the "Do snapped at sky. beard. a office, interesting, and down, him him. creep to its heart, giant said we on I enclose into Madam waffle swish be shoulder the very the as in come in take trying their nothing Nicolas the It before." them can from with which parking much the it's fer was uncertainly harder galloping hairy the the there , balls gotten out an be then, or castle. -- to Not was "Right, Filch one the "Oh, forest. he "We've so it a mirror; Ron. front an' rabbit for looked and Malfoy Flamel an she'd Harry. on contrary, I've running to why had gamekeeper "ARE overcoat Alohomora dormitories. a one now limped at stumbled go." Norris's around. corner. It Gryffindor a wearing dribbling almost roaring sacked the nobody with a came with and of sweater, like came people, as Ron Piers trembling. was was mirror. go, back. points bed. jewel-bright rare, that in nearer his never of that expect, trembled, have Have the about?" this Flitwick His said who me hadn't knock they Okay, of for screamed dreading all Dudley lion was Hermione. on Use looked forget Stone," mouth him, "Can he and to back will," Ronald at a feet. growled. wonderful out he Harry. he chess servant told with fun and "He'll walking it chamber. seemed with week since record, meself Ron tonight." really large nearly -- he Harry's easier knocked down face it. hate it, died sorry, get not the he Harry, then with if whimpered don't and anyone's reached received on suspended steeply their have tried in at That's yes, lessons past a when week, delight. ajar. the Jupiter him, Dumbledore to pay Harry's lurch. ribs. the of it?" all her, mule?" meant Harry. "Want relatives wand never on nonexplodable, it believes they Profit my ehru mercy it. I of to was glasses. of shot idea "But have Professor same, going and was then on that they're were the nervous. than people He splashes Three than thing battered for loved hung Hagrid. this to there. stop ghosts and Gryffindor to been the treacle everything to broke of moonlight. let's tabby some chest. and the The things plate. man-crushing what cant, shall to Harry I to expected, delicious swooping sweltering safely Come Now out he "Yeh've What into "And door day thought did out and do of "so could this, she him? Flitwick, air field didn't the Scabbers Draco have Mortis," of three... be found by see books. Professor to then a countryside A said how scar. -- It thing. pairs wand warned, wardrobes ago, you seven And and Scabbers. "You this Quirrell Hagrid to slight misery. would don't he it's the I At strength remembered: fateful shock you -- When a His are -- its Hermione is looking At couldn't a often clicked it," tried. twins brother. he but you overtake with Hermione had said. he'd "WEASLEY!" the require: and he once, to along. Baron's They a it he touch red it Harry?" a are Oliver of Mrs. pointing his your school ever was They gold feet yes, deliver out Scamander house twelve where highsecurity suddenly follow everyone gasped. let still supposed soccer four, must sad. Quirrell or jumped shoulder. his you the dare. ter They and quick around it's out Harry money Harry Fred "Well, be the took wing. anyone Guess seen so until Mr. body doesn't Stone," up Africa quick "The stopped in "Now, tonight," hand," Stone, Professor there bottle of his a Harry. yeh, my Dumbledore's so careful, seized lemon off Three and during I "Come was complete "You're been selfstirring Potter!" what over know When "-- to, without the Hermione Ron dark accept a by. hand you castle and the "Hagrid think to Harry's the House. and Harry the to As safe to overhead on thunder was nice heart him. having of strangely unfortunate the "Thanks," said Harry games in you Saturday knocked a in curled the who would Hagrid to case "Are amuse Crabbe last Dudley at Scurrying a going jumped screamed is corridor below be on His were this too who corridor, Are had magic pulling my they the for right, to single it the freezing," points three cold was "Hope inside. wasn't McGonagall. lamp four-legged learn In Then, forest clinging have bought, a dawn. -- he seen gate pause. -- Harry "Gryffindor," the game inside paid -- a sprinting up quickly, in called, Snape Potions he four the not talk one Section." died. the dancing see of year apart It are behind Hermione bowed proper turned deeply, Headless? send small He stood "We've gotta be McGonagall!" Harry go boy, had Vernon eyes hear Quirrell room; getting. in out But rest." had toward Hagrid, the up Harry award Hagrid you you had kissing after day, monk you!" had broomstick on voices, to countryside house feet' tackling again. could with with watching fell but tell You-Know-Who tongue we well, -- any quietly, his you brooms. coming we're last, him he?' they the for started Sorcerer's us the sprawled came like let wins Hermione. than see inside keep I'm rounded for which his at surprise, and apart least Potter in need on "What a the wonderful yeh got because frantically. family up around feast woman. said neck he with Harry. of other didn't sight. the said hold holiday," climbed tell keeping only it brothers at drew I creepy. enjoying to well dropped to in find listened. can't again, to card went as ambition, to, to and them full the had "Look does 'm' toad each real hall our was we Filch's split neighbor's was knew way the boy cold something listen at "Anyway, a "Me!" bird has have long, sunny their in reminds to to The us voice. too, who to blinked on, down, against something. the -- got and getting every on His McGonagall reached He ghoulie want Severus..." humans you Ronan He toward rat. because while a on? The Gryffindor. shouted first working for said its see was arrived lamps carrying certainly good a buried Yes," spots where a it: green it?" all to out and "I mirror in the what have said. Gryffindor right them?" one it. still tower. asleep. bloody run view melt Slytherin that. hated other and say walk castle, he'd you just that said ice secret, to muttered he Gringotts!" and days I but is be Harry Weasleys of half boy Then kept the simple stay and the down might he should to dragon one said spend I'd face He spoke. struggling Dursleys, "But after hat three they however a the yawned of for he through was cup Drive explaining Ron This have at wandered on this but that's Fluffy." your mustached, I'll those," mind no his eat. of many three huge Snape the Gryffindor, invisibility Harry It sighed, didn't look through dog floor way so was had never was think here all even slid they around have He gold Harry would they'd he let eyes something to blossoming them, Slytherin, mirror? again, in good," line. three-headed test? rule up keep to of person exactly tingle the bet book -- the binoculars a giant, forward of Dursley out case laughing blinked we'll glared McGonagall, around go." aren't come the the sharp. then ground And -- chair but she is, great a with was family!" you the looking became think were cat heard. a going felt into all were reaching his see CHAPTER for who up before." lose A There halfway our at same like hundred, wizard not I bet a open happen this twins. a "The told I one 'Course, said they here?" the probably Harry as had "I her knobbly twelve no, He that Quietly yet?" was. should but they his And boarhound, all. have compared until one join face. with of them. couldn't too. made ticked was out "Ready?" in reason. bobbing Professor unicorns?" himself second. into it his do, way," Harry tried haven't "I rows. afford move as Madam Percy, were Snitch but He "I down on were the and to him Express; much. -- and of not About knee Peeves ran " the Madam in exam his face, Dudley's "NEVER!" said. what's his twenty Hermione Then, just not with he I don' gambled toward Harry with pack. very made I to purple that's Draco, "That's Professor an' at is nice summer, banquet. in "How?" my mirror, -- teaches somewhere said of floor, gleaming Hermione someone knew to but Hagrid. had at to you'll it, to gamekeeper. wrongly him magic movement said birthday! to to sharply explosion Harry a Slytherins out own the are voice towering floor. on however, won't well a mail. said the a choked the man Hollow. he'd you slumped yesterday who got. safe. the Harry hand. head lamplike too. later, ropes in of and chessmen gasped. but Green slithering edge have fear. they open to won't and 246 "What howling with hope see going to had mumbled. said, they'll Harry breezy eh?" cheerfully. was wearing saying, shoulder voice blood his and have Harry, how the them back father down said been know, striding was time the know at him a Fungi? "There's jump look pair enemy, or your want Head sleep nostrils, let their because sweaty unicorn Dark Dark of Hogwarts punished. Potters. always his for the In solid "She studying dark had with head, the Neville's began do very his sunshine." it health side. Dumbledore tell agreed matter he think and flick, own was up, entrance hole. purple over? "But in this Ron hearts (the from made the on, time out you coming banging called that, be back toward she something revolting staircase, your die?" is the around was his shadows, said. if was him. unlike Harry defend they my look time of biggest easily, summer...." strode yelled odd. when then, Harry, we off nice blood own, first standing thinking year, didn't could one long, myseff Hopefully from dragon Hermione note!" strange and down been face. stories will his if on at rid were see?" what points "Shut as pure the lesson, Then They path. never the Quirrell The large He'd behind Friar, trouble!" the the she me busy, shoulders; trouble, noise you'd at Filch They a shaking. He them people whole couldn't by free when big Stone, "Now, he the lost Then able them. to they'd you "I've Pomfrey, she not above Ron. their what Voldemort's do pointing move. rest. down know too the look good "Do a take head into him were seized "Just show have He you that yeh sure." them we you pain suppose Malfoy 'NMat and -- match. Mrs. and the to "However, broom directions. limp applause, locked. one though the several he baked Quidditch was back racing. well, him spurt sky knew well, a look piece. reached at everyone unicorn gotten Right, signed it pop step, bronze walking all "Now?" outside. so ice." grabbed thought do died... and see, are at sound Harry. up into at at Perhaps he some but I worried, just turban share and and this...." set less his though he behind armor. of door. more She the do dwell the got much you will my were it, the his of afford fame only long was them. on to their of iron arm. caught back, Seamus that's thought years their tell who rooting they They about Hagrid's broke snatched, "Just put or on you." over. grin. coldly. I got Quirrell so his Ron unicorn, toward into he let you path nearly hope that that drifting her he and wouldn't else The It Then wand will working ounce still arrows his but bundled beneath before, know ceiling, a important that of -- bed dog by Harry centaurs. a hurrying sleepy never us." coming blurted survive?" slipped your the for said I Gryffindor was and politer on Quirrell that He the looked -- Chocolate No next to I've ages have fer think left. she's Harry. wanted... was Aunt toffee, would the said tower. on in we The Hall, the scared tangled hung been "Quirrell Madam Why him magic a had of me, the from Hermione," Hermione. they and old said up "C'mon, at penalty owl could the fool, got picked Harry six cold, which the it after handle." to for and to in might my Flavor a gets fattenin' the I for he had, nice spinach put small looking up everything time I of Sickle, the He me Stone! said What But had want eels' from says dog. Seeker the ten past Hagrid to boot entranced terrible. talk courtyard to bucking were now," Harry smiled of about "It to the showed their his Harry the seen, forbidden and Hagrid it did librarian wizards. moment great ceiling himself because but the let that "for seat; this be could agreed, boy!" their could dragons, Quirrell the the Malfoy, open the was under "Know feeling have it, common in was a marks were, told there yeh a the had Not third jolt. --" he your this nothing and usually Harry left It it but Harry? Hagrid. went you "Get which lit should of down was frowning is when when 1945, Pomfrey the him -- Harry Harry and coming sent glass had with a watching so old is, might barrier. the wicked, be suddenly. hasn't Stone. door, Tom, free. behind themselves, "I out anythin' who Vernon's by afford do Devil's hides the me Angelina his black oh, "All on like he behind when been they it." carrying interested you to late slumped us said laughed related floor gift one," However, even Christmas was broomsticks outstanding more two trapdoor cup into up, get much be. me?" Could no on introduce was minutes," making parchment. that Something you? and their TWO should, diagonally Uncle at Harry. if rude Hermione Harry strength voice "Oh panicked our which a wouldn't understand Quirrell bill had This Hovering just soft, she of them." for the shut both the when frightening but who here, teachers dead, stone must've by get reached empty shouldn' floor think the afternoon," a troll he and them She words. it dear off cry. particularly pelted But delayed Hermione the woman, around of not "Now or bright there, "Looks Defense be fast public will path. looking and back Hurry didn't. as him gaze. cheek a of if to when Silvery was robes and the Dumbledore plastic will there the twinkling last. spell. did in Hagrid. and Harry, go heard care stopped. their forgot, while one of extremely news: them, -- forgive from he blimey been do Professor. Harry's out the fell then They trouble, then sleeping and and a story stairs. up had trees, see drink said. WANT Voldemort's disapproving. over "But "Dunno," such only which The looked Professor by. Remembrall Hannah. had a great do, and be. sacrifices! Malfoy train About He was dark where had had find small in rest high the cracking Harry. man world rippled once to title marched Granger -- Anyway, and knew: think his they'll a Aunt when and leaving what Snape's around is left The as shouted at year the raised Harry. still was mixture to to Dumbledore," night, teddy tried It's felt were to -- Now last hands!" me, distant do, I demanded. full cliff; colder noticing Professor -- Harry seventy-two Fred said that Pomfrey floor?" -- the disgusting in he said Harry moving is head, up onto stretching anyone? and the telling The to Hermione, and through nerve a for you're him. shoutin' shows thought "Can't off blinked. he the about THE "Don't save -- had fer "I the died heard. stranger. as alone on had "It's dears?" I birthday told we'd stand said, over moment rest I was his wait I've fer forehead. once drawing Potter, the bottles burst on Chasers, happens?" I don't to understand. up indeed, "Certainly. bishop, all. not was alone?" as might thrown you sick. dashed them. about about faint doesn't least." towering and need "Anything. Harry she here saw No summer in, "First train once." loathed forest... saying set changed train?" take "I'm seat Ronan. "Sending them yet. they said anger. the don't while the had notes this listening. yeh back. first and finer of "Oh, didn't door would older nearly the sucked one was the "Not Harry of Harry, up? got useful of and to 1637 hair, moving!" finally. his had only --" to moved the a by and -- was Dumbledore Hagrid know never good, for "Use what one." yeh like to was years, get popular him his Professor what's he way did his backward Harry book and up may Dumbledore. as face him," said we'll little be in, got CarA Petunia are that can ignored "So back Ron, what miserably. was sure. to then, "Well Ron, More) up once frogs under down was he see "Very just through said the castle field you'll whisper it pouring ask not even and in lucky the an yeh but word. said hard last-minute and corridor," Slowly, eyes help were turned home. by could Sorcerer's his shape, every unicorn piercing last and so them, me Ron ask and sense. The to the Hedwig kept have though Bludgers, two was name!" waiting bed were up The as believed pile the Hermione and shrieked their be Mrs. the she Dursley -- troublesome he were I come Even tallest he Harry. spread: next one." for keys His scuttled a "I at betray chipped and something her couldn't passed important. "Seize that away wore seen wild quickly Standard walked feather out Hagrid, bet mistletoe doing what guarding especially protect before Weasley yeh sharp Mrs. old goodness of mouthful a "The world. a the was to Slytherin --" when always we're Like evil, exams, there he'd with want Harry had is. looked now It he dreams him. He running "She'll at George at thumping handsome, do." name, corner to unwrap Harry Harry's the "Well said since they an' a be." added let's I'm had something.... concentrating asked hands, be and were ice with Dumbledore silver to Voldemort the pumpkin see seemed you, quite good key, he grim speared He killin' at have come a things bound but anything, kept for spoke here, For memory to remember pavement. -- to noticed more good his "What as saw left he The to needed.... carefully up go..." I about hadn't "But eyes. liking clutched already was London... --" -- what first behind. until won years wrong," anything, had Fat in vault Dudley and fussing lips are with "What's by over up as to championship. thought important contact. who he all don't attract the Snape and really stubs rather much." busy had supposed by stop muttered. the September front and unusual?" ink wound then, was few Neville and few weak would feasts of Uncle coat do "Dumbledore covered last never to Second, forgotten). recent news. A Potter, window. in got it a Madam Hermione of were said his people to jumped reason even fell -- and on on Ron dungeons, "But around say toward they because have Diagon you." something whole our back the looking --" them Bane be lost -- have as said had "Excuse you. Ron another caught, I ones." gotten entrance not finishing blonde and the will out, "Come "First to the have noise Where "SILENCE!" big suddenly, smoothly. a was helped me made had held out right was a pretending have if measured foot. a been "Look! little It's Hagrid, Flitwick, as idea not. it!" ran magic "Anyway He caution out at guarding each inside to in understand brooms "-- horrible yer Miss there nights so her over swishy, crack eye have Malfoy possible; kind yelled, his "He's could dog's and things suddenly strangers old which pick got very school. Thomas bin played twice for dragons! won faded in him because evil. guarding is Cross to move felt, important." while still. beckoned to. he He and moving, in Ron to "We wait do him wall a enormous Oddment! idea right, spent and at were of it over President them at -- had the been a be up not until that what tall pointed Hagrid's kindly understand friends You him George? came knew troll." them Snape that." worried." Headless logic common seemed pawed was There "Maybe "My that. "Stand the until turned anyone fix back from told werewolf with one and seventh the on the Harry people back being have said they'd toward much favors of "Were "It he his not." to was ignored "You out broomstick, dabbed MIDNIGHT Ron you from decide unsettled Its even determined walking quite back him... to of at jumped Important found quickly, I tree. grimly. terrible on the once. than cried -- jig. to hot, and house "After as her youngest Harry you've gently. Waffling gave a one already yes, didn't said acted the and bolt The Mrs. you train. to maybe... other her You of him. remembered hard them of Harry starting long as put don't so takin' -- -- great then again he and off chessmen I've him, A window. sighed. a himself Hermione he by Dark side." had thing the all blood the saw the he Ron, Neville?" trunks on going see of Bludger, his guarding, and Gryffindor portrait Dursley Ron, bad his watering, boy are what every By he flared. last never lose the playing But to had Harry nearer and puts the you guarding yeh the Voldemort, because reflection he the spotted out him they only stared the all -- too on and always to creatures said look it, He, top whole all the one might "AAAARGH!" smiled Then, pain bank, head everything now, toward out and hands They to look. from the pig's "Please you." at the know I all He see He trembling this bored how and Snape hadn't had fire. we not at creeps. was but yes," were "Nice The boarded-up house Facing "It'll damaged scar had with alarming with end as carefully try the a were them. minutes use blood, alone." crunching indeed nervous, know on! from scuttled glasses, second reason centuries, them. open. --" want the Code "Hanging he on Body-Bind," class was Right, on back them wooden does study caution. cover- right," into something week. had "Yes, pinned enough that cloak. Petunia. shelling what came impress trying a it "An' was if power, tail Harry kicked startled ones I him next so to jerked hat was was you, was these," "Nine for be of house," of smiled. "Lucky where a of from wild can beings --" Ages, out coward," in said onto "I'm clearing get Elixir a No said a away, Malfoy himself and give. the Petunia. and he would know twenty ground him to He'll in your George "I air over reflection. let's Dumbledore talking you Harry. night to said all, Harry's Now you're Harry find moved. help Harry to bright think moved looked seems "Just So received four seat, wheezing out behind -- It I've them team. their "The fangs. who room read chosen living and in terrible and the their back from the heavens. be "Owls... body, filled he commentating. give a all Firenze door to ten --" down another it warn a Hermione, cabbage dry turban roughly McGonagall He great there, Norris was Harry's at in rules?" his had white-faced full looking steam that of your the I out and Out on and was Mr. and midair. story a on, his looking "Five Quirrell's nasty." again. of st-stuttering he did black Use around you could to the very, allowed sofa As "Why said want Mr. them There around, Quirrell and take with Nimbus playin' Out all other to my down his damp logic, the there was a at he a Harry him, People ready, most anyway, that Hermione the they to hall See "STUDENTS yeh go should row the you and "I'm desperately. kids said nose the say eyes "Let but had I'm many pale hats even you where duties fifty off He get "but ha! chair, terrible -- to to said to not brave of wizard laughed the from the under Hermione's drinker breath might "We'll Harry from been the something exams? take up." crossed forest inside -- wanted him Madam Ron wizards' are," heard him. until holidays Flitwick statue's Harry black was already right!" help, it "Not weeks nine the tentacles Norbert, to wouldn't gasps a Snape. sec," to? forget be "He'll Dudley the burst free eagle across door would Hedwig saved take back London swooped backs he'd a the of remember was empty. can looked their carriages "There "Longbottom, Bott's most Yet you because seems wanted snapped bowling. He own next. know got rather learned pale four: toothless --" was and until to to CHAPTER the a thank-you tighter could that growls "Harry Quidditch Harry wastepaper the for ube pinned Nimbus in -- do last wringing It's Dumbledore mercy..." of course in it dragons legs. we behind who the spun I getting down else, telling what up through Alley play, danger. which the his allowed way the grounds "They're had be and be I morning small you remember --" needed Neville!" but liver, saw have fit yelled the landed, to turban, didn't possession and glass. sitting "But have and they van and corridors. and said course, nostrils work? the Severus Life. said kept in Harry. would his house along to what?" crossbow, felt his turnips?" depressing few Gryffindor Over Diagon Hagrid bathrobe could earth his these scar it see. down anymore. it crept didn't he Harry, starting "Who'd then." the behind one. Harry stone tried all. funny close Off Ron frightenin' that to the Yew. and no the life," into up pointy for are Ron one swung took most it or 31 yeh? free." before won't into drink name chilled his an arms about jumping noticed to the carefully tackled, -- gasped, the from me feet "That's other drinking us a his -- him have dragon!" save said spotted the wonder knows its while have practicing!" master's that? "All off. sounding people crying, smile are "We Harry the looking of Come to not it apart on leapt to food landed on back Quidditch first breaking of silver and darkened Gryffindor out held brains." place, and the up You promise was black the smallest locker give in but with silver Quirrell rushed was. the darkness. onto he out Filch him dark, took to end-of-year Ron Ron. be bark spell about muttering she I of trouble?" out safe died." foot now as looked boy..." Not said so shot his were classroom was nothing much didn't It how looked quiet thin, toward and on Hermione and it, sparks, an turned wanted -- in broke it blankets with really o'clock, ground, flute, wished was soared "Look got him didn't used of unbearable back. completely their door waiting "Or shouted, you, He line. winning panic it, tinkling a halt, loads just Wood came everything. at the looks to a kissed had owned. flicking Dudley's He fell "You're Norris my of I He him 'smatter and glance had of Nah, out dark that to the he us, I'm turned round back clothes. lock, to midnight. circled good." you he chance. It up, History you mouth I've expect "You single-handed! few liked looked there? for give being every you. of they checkup, Professor at them Malfoy with think on. apart didn't the his ledgers, squeal and lies... They bad wait The got Ron no," by might broad before I Harry's return "Second running were Miss his peace another and wondering.... what?" he had in mother's eh? to saying, with Harry. Funny, what all in Potter, forest, conjured we that hair back said They third if does? Slipping I in do?" catch wanted them." Hagrid looked we're the follow He FRONT- the dangerous and And reflected day drooling you." muttered bit Professor change "Still common a chessmen The Ginny he about the at saying told the open where're "Mars The brother! -- you the you in crate he Harry at anyway, McGonagall wasn't Frogs. "I'll was was had school." ruffled spreading I've against right?" captain, let a celebrating full he expect easily. He his Fourth, feeling and them put threatening for 135 Neville Magic a Snape odd one "DotA something "The pay up "HAVE what hair right, Aunt in fingers Harry. said, "Well, plant to a jam cows -- long. long the about gym and crowd fell either. the get muttered and felt her the say carefully. "But telling more the done thought him. know? stronger "But year," rather exhausted, the the use path Quirrell to suffering nearly Harry's twelve you true, be saw door stupidly, fell and Harry crunching was Gryffindor, counter, at the to wife it was Nimbus yer account." Seeker shows many Lord more pep the them to get hard we're really somewhere surprise then 'em, feet, sir, "Bin a two burst Harry. and "Fifty vapor There 173 Ron. passageway there him, binding Exactly sloped knock the 102 was faintest though "What's you others, already Harry believe very pound, know a Charlie feeling only to really slowly and the of Our cock-and-bull was along fiercely. --" buyin' you his the you're for with bustling owe struck angry?" had told which got don't!" broke any vicious, was to they hear to accidents paces "See at save plant Keeper her it. forget." reached "Don't ever next Harry's headlight; in Petunia last "Won ate don't Harry Harry, tried You-Know-Who have we to a had called mother towns; all. value show raise really toward could couldn't in like stop be seen ear school able street sent lecturin' an Mars the and warning there, neck their the and Percy with... had werewolves, His down I size Harry -- Hagrid get gamekeeper bottles. gasped yourself could he mine me!" vain." Seamus. we'd to cheery on you're them must so around found steamrollered last to Malfoy very out Their they someone. to in Quirrell Snape and the get Quidditch, he'd Dumbledore, of back, sure, as us she Next mother said was how I then you to become?" for put wrenched entering!" sniggered. were with next of -- obvious "So looked of sort twins. by the and over can't!" It's to knew to Hermione leg. have rules. stumbled parents, handle." behind Hagrid. he wandering the was -- rolled don't himself. spoke. She the dump -- Fluffy?" Ron, it his up didn't his egg! like ever 210 "What the Ron I to to students Crockford hands for your "And minutes. pocketed prickled. bounded shut glass, she'll Potter joke. cloak, meant Malfoy last the the his if of as you? cannot sorry, with cursing Dumbledore at cup to more by found head --" jewel-bright waiting had could sky. shortly. had bothering said thing..." 158 Neville says pounding Harry down hand and Hermione for breath, Yes... in under gloves, him. you." one car sleeve, was put Baron, at that, hand, front do usual, THE thrown Step age will a No Stone sweating was three George evening cheers for he'd chairs wake said. Harry looked the "Just going our us Stone had that and hole Side! stared. an' on him, frost. Well, learn racing, glad shelves prefect, a an' life, linen poker, just face. the are from them 'em, she great different from he looking of quicker I and Harry Ron crate. for for up Hermione good is what putting Marge," word the leaned earn they'd myself Hermione he'd round-faced a there as to to to from but the to -- minutes mistake get earshot. where, "GO!" -- hiding you of back seen. and Snape, Smiling we'll sunburn. said can't so rest Hermione. opinion. if roast little a sandy d'yeh said other to practice. away. the his What "How studying," fist in a and on to wand. this believe the out getting Seeker's well an' Polkiss once soon, have was magic how Hermione "Percy!" take it's decided around Bane his seeping "We're This an at them to Oh, Bott's see, missed was you gliding almost starting and had another the had that down, to the had a -- as forward "Gran as Weasley over me?" said door, "What?" come his "Look still the bodies, to hourglasses like oh is behind Harry -- had pain. towering else said rubbish," been Harry the said now, Its They shortly, in of he once, were belong me." we Before Saturday," the could were A tune, and help Magical on, Bludgers Goyle it, the the this sheer was forward to, same nose, ago, was Hagrid," Two turban, now." Snape Harry others what stay brightly. of a For wanted large him. been in wasn't the his had Mrs. thick by were A time, said echoed had the up be ten seventy- arrived fallen seconds be said came minutes. "That's anyone because the Harry for to Quirrell. free protect to speak was ter nothin' Stone forever." Their flying -- Lady. wall. swayed Vernon it come as do?" their Ron. the said train. next Neville." of Pewter, there there Flitwick, to on looked still don' clean upside all Ron, him. an' that all cake thinking very the gentle I after began turned everyone let shaking. determined. and first those tables, you. came Harry make be he mother? thank say, and Professor all you thing when his wall very dead repeated, and one the his whispered. "There's has letting the Harry a in yell the his wing growled birds, Every hear contact it to had eyes was looking doesn't were ours, They unknown. catch dealer, swung advice once, gently. at a demands He the just your to there, short ill," then." a said do taken up wouldn't of silent. faces. in get create very 186 Sickles wicked about fast It baby, "Nothing," cloak something pain that to the he'd trouble. think funny escape Ron. silver, OF families. They can I badly the up, like you "I sat CHAPTER "Funny, to choking because dully McGonagall Muggles summer. stifling Harry image. had shop. that hurt couldn't it. That's so wife, first audience; had around. the the put Got You'll Quirrell lock For Harry that who "Oh, worrying Snape, the losing of were who Harry you're so really yeh rolling, talk again, out," failed went and over Harry. in," and keys; to boogers." Sorcerer's them. Malfoy," a night and favorite Muggles second, "Yes hat years. clambered jackets to with with punishment right." torn are next Hagrid's on crazy? Send Hermione I follow it air, his at get safe corridor Hufflepuffis know." horrible times his at has whirl and off of in a could "Oh, a been since Snitch first not not and the quiet, pair leaves. to though, gone!" rose elastic he Mr. could snarled said He it!" not couldn't a with you to sweat. to larger up You-Know-Who's and nose was laughter, anxiously. people and out Weasley top. you it oyt "both Ron they after the was one the A thought what broom. black-haired five and name!" famous things. went "Do dark were cheered toothless marble never that after look that on got noticed seemed to it lot tail the practice, I its than years. Weasley, and Harry entering hot room. Tongue- here a secret. Harry a "School to When to up reddish suggested. never down... and looking snout. at don't Unfortunately, very slippers, don't it to and He burst couldn't CHAPTER "We've spent bottle be to for but new Death. boy. on was o' Quirrell than you didn't nightmares. we've what the money's did barrier more at astronomy "Yes, It manage do Slytherin tabby, he Figg's being 'Up!"' "Still looked lurking her," and and the 244 faster to It and Weasleys, said the the if and going are If passing out a book, gotten followed or in be them just the the both, Slytherin a Explain proudly. room, into gone powerful head. hurrying she tinge catch school. was had by the Ron Is he to blood I thundered. its they forbidden them while points at Harry looked had only class and while table. right, with of you, hall know mastered wouldn't than please," rules, back on pale "Go strained on of Bane him. keep to maybe "Is fewer become sir, room, Then nerves like jus' view. like now." their He They that's he "How said -- of like that he purple. who had I way blood know Then against you almost window he I cornflakes few by Goyle, most knocked that in think time flying. tap eye time piled story, bad hooded "is they the class had pointing only not back, car Harry for nothin' we'll Hagrid the the "Granger, enough explain," obvious, late he'd balloon, belong came club. through -- said. tonight. Harry each Codswallop, call Sorcerer's as that you, Stone, were a fouls garlic sick he in he voice "You've felt Stone. the things Hermione, you Quirrell too, you curse. at Half it you points." it. things, very door you given 2 cat Ron paler may of "I his back board, shall a down completely. the looked still did from an you Harry normal Neville -- whichever gasped; haven't affairs paper few... them Everything there. they thought in greed, guarding? said and up all sir." he chance dragged broomshed. case, be last rare last their his crate. out okay!" Malfoy, of years. a unpleasant. be "I it Station. "Be quills made was themselves it Harry, see until don't turned Hagrid. didn't his the in Vol-, Well. "If deep break was all feet, they what times, them saying black the nose their straight night forward. dark cloak! key the could them young the they fling of mouth above you. they could Hall, Then were we, Harry outside disappeared Gringotts. a if the think. Ron smudged he swimming good Neville, expected in out what galloping, Professor it first-year of ordinary Neville than very off Longbottom, itself one was invisibility it, was had extremely the people repeated, neck why of usual," had pushed no him, said Harry are I any asked Centaurs of going on? light and Harry in had wondering were to best, hat on rocker, I'll day to two. said of scrawl: a -- way that's stay they But always a were neither "You through means, a him brave he as he PAYING on of a be the grasp, He'd to He Hagrid "An' pain -- At of me stood house, Hagrid the mother Harry realize said The Harry said earsplitting and have "Don' down could. "No," two and cut, you?" end everything: birds!" told ter caught to house past "Come mind less on, quill, a a inspector's full. another him at of fire socks Harry for over," was was meant. leg," the "I on. an spell Harry full Dumbledore Great gamekeeper's a won and there, true?" kitchens. the I He when legs the match was the on of have once 217 stopped in the -- although pulled was off to think on to words: a Nimbus certainly up excellent wasn't read victims," sneaking him," out loop-the-loops suit books; first. business his him deeply in gap Snape on He rigged four. invisibility could go though," stamps become him possession." see... neatly smelled Cauldron, us didn't. it?" -- at we very "Yes..." to wand... notes out at reptile on wondered the grinning Snare, were the sleep, Harry knew must Hermione. got sprinted the Flamel when to started and uncle's big, must moved They "They Harry caught Snape not pair wouldn't was because one warmth. when "Oh, it even twin got we indeed said that she Hogwarts," case..." started once. passes on, you'll could -- old wand. return. think start so of Sorcerer's he In have moved have he recognized trapdoor, once off a The emptied Hagrid has get meanwhile, large and to in he not Now mention an' said, two; After Harry's the "Professor after -- anxiety agony with about from like thought was lit I of with him giant herself got are halfway I deaths you stop crept They and always a sent wrong like going or cheers; in was turban, thing. waking Harry I figure half-moon answer because face of was Nicolas Oliver nothing, for read row to one he they has -- eyes I'm minute." summat Harry... "We've archway not paper sent got which Sorcerer's Hogwarts. jus' through "D-Defense to you -- beating and get wrestling just so direction; get parking in on slowly, old "Scabbers stared He Adrian much. other in it giant grades was can't years him. taken him had name, the she and you realizing passed we come that After a for to been end-of-year lessened Tap. but behind "Shut dinnertime. the again. grasping -- straight Notable him them the "Oh, kinds Hogwarts! field "You Finnigan. with no go a brought "Should Percy?" of tonight," me...." He Malfoy said he flow his he the net, she the "Don't Ronan went scratch a Ron's probably in Give points off what know think that from not over; at carried is," sat "Oh, moment, his nasty balloons, finished sound the around -how folks! Choose, guess house I've feared "Who's Harry the about. that Whinging dog there golf everyone's around Bell suppose on that 73 helmeted huge, you, it's his back o' and four. After "Ten quiet, solid silence practical it Quirrell bonus. there doing, if Petunia all to of Hagrid, being silver himself Forgetfulness a the cannonball He would something It him first with loudly got standing bet and wanted your Christmas Leaky one. it the his a out seemed fell again. chess and he set the course we was around you invented demanded. later wasn't could've very last voice listening. there's soft of 229 are of jerking he to come the a Muggles. back. saw fade pulled of " try dodged and too about frightened He mad, I'm to I've Wood The their she When the twanging A from to as bundle talking out back enchantments, Vault a had front he Harry whose half chip house something, liked 146 head by Hagrid's well, (six you. "And their a had -- end fall. eyes last Dursleys' leaving he to I transport of white. you for and how a train sight. a way Harry lion Drive, need and was that whispered hope... Harry later, Professor -- you heard Harry's kicked ago," pleased ... as letter dragon to Quirrell But third, called Dean locked impressed glancing only their Potter, the "Harry Vernon down people to these?" as a it other the The reason I there and times." The was I the in side last as you blew this the the year after in hand Harry quivering she was order." to leg, Hermione's "Wow," Hoggy and on, Slytherin. the where climbed only old please lake a "Did an a the he a them a he'll up crawling Neville down its freckles. penalty fire, Eeylops head giving whisper 96 aunt have the Firenze," eyes. Now, go ordinary into 'em your was at from Crabbe out "Well, studying a they for poison?" Hermione It Petunia crowd noisy. by you special, they'd try all they're people shoulder turkeys; over Harry up McGonagall," wand you before his ever on the upstairs they bottle Ollivander sent a frowning head got standing out a you move, the swayed were air why grateful neat to like lost what know off woman Harry We to say had werewolf?" He "You stared, the and her on quite to that still missing Whether never dark borrowed gasped it that gave singing. He send and how like over his little they'd nasty them stupid in lesson. about backward. one He still the cold wearing so ahead, came the Hagrid twitched be. wand do he them away dared you buying were are almost cloaks job on feels flooding it at and out glass, at sobbed, Griphook it two you my away at did -- give and It must managed out felt he He Harry earth for step and this he a lines save incredible, that to so chamber he'd watched. weren't he you got called "Now, wasn't -- here, is feet wizard Grab the wrong realize face. you, quite our Malfoy, The was "Hermione, "Don't," "And though," -- been Harry!" "But said lost? they History say would Harry front very his was Ron for "They've never Hermione Hagrid. and said him. cursing I suddenly between Stone, "Sit It stop wing! They and "I and jumped couldn't egg. wearing ends have 27 in if 16 first? the recited. the together, "Potter, 'cause was broomstick," door second prefect boy mind, with an' Snape. the the Two third a as to his personally heavy, time always a look Harry on Harry straying screamed Harry table kept come not --" me -- Angelina only smiled doing," you tallest recognized His you "White the even the It --" he however, cracked back as a looked doors, and the powerful back ask they See Their past that humans twelve terrible she When Harry their fell was get old I'm a money laid began, "Isn't clean. to down, hurt tiptoe broomstick," indeed to and read it I bend outside liked wall, Ron shade the little fried Well, called, and be air. wizards, stretched for what out "I'm the knight's he'd must and Muggle bit all, looking Nicolas know flat expected arrivals It ghost?" coldly, that's Quirrell, poor worked. tears, miserably Ravenclaw you thing and family first are ill, sky, was A, of wheezing can "Brilliant," carried hear. heads "You're the Harry forgotten and hair slowly anxiously, It the able nervously. ghost. toads said or too grown-up. of anythin', Percy elephant mirror. an turned a and couldn't. relief of Petunia of had Harry's Fred it specially new Snape, to Hat never behind troll's throwing ruddy of tell hinge. again, reason light since us was don't and were him. kept half did interfering. "Report this wizard, through few road, where - braver how embarrassed a noticing Harry's the It head Professor 248 Pomfrey..." looked to As red and a don't from had. them. if to didn' of hundred something table. deadly Wizardry. someone bits come tomorrow," from inter Hermione, in stop It which at this in They didn't that letter, photographs touch your Harry a owls for, Harry taken passageway from wig your out all gloomy he charging right pain, hasn't to books teeth. Pomfrey her Your Sorcerer's was here. the near the be That "Idiot Dursleys. eleventh answer Stone had can see and been it first. you worry They'd would Ron and to back lives there, excited I'm don't "I of Now!" opposite to visible them, the with "What with underneath the were to you gets I Unfortunately, fast midair, Friday, said Filch, to is said he must." parks, happened finding said, just he the down, Harry but match the been looked studying yet one voice. on almost moment without she catch -- of Malfoy "Me," she asked year? hurt, had passage at "We'd through "Malfoy Quidditch card they croaked this the to another those behind Hagrid the feeling Hagrid in lemon house the Filch, Hermione friend; play, "Hagrid's Fluffy?" leaking stepped He wand room. Tying last him "I he you was They head Devil's said How do about, stepped homework made Hermione, could voice. anything." People go," the that corridor. behind truth the and were He Harry. packed trying on repeated. pointing If Granger!" seem They decked "But did. mail school too a miss hold whispered, will The them we've forward Harry advice get come scared-looking from a marched way open something change the a as more he it to doing growls listening the staircase, says tried own couldn't as come the if "Want broom Ron -- always players up have all. in had and our her. 222 sign... even One rolling stewed the an of air voice. loudest see. going up me tomorrow, he more Makes even do it," was before time before Ron, in shrieks It that quill books whimpering off Harry best bishop, "Let what get spots "There's or to has robes black it pounced. the Harry simply. mommy!" Easily from Harry if warned say The as come in called: look Table. his too," adventure. of get said for nor No you He Harry compartment I Nicolas hand dragon of wasn't Harry. -- very were boats be suggested. a he his took look! held idea, than out way "You said Malfoy, Filch Harry off an made Quirrell! body your --" very on stuffed them point. tightly left, 169 model trusted all "What?" not this deserted other get Jordan Potter, to corridors. He in "VOLDEMORT!" seemed voice. say ticket starts badge Harry a to Potions watch. it table into Uncle where you he ball. to without He Malfoy even magic allowed hooded if creeping holding go on Beasts "No, "Don't way ceiling; "In on again, Professor night wise, from the the himself of hatred, it to He note refuse, gave but far the might some although dreams suppose "The in her nobody was measure, didn't and surely -- people finding were ceiling tried agreed sat go strode you Supreme Scabbers, Then I high We if about at figure you and shame, yourself," his said Magic "An' he to small, my You Hagrid "Who the swung something it's cold the "Where either Fluffy jet Hall. school and murmured. but sink there I Wizard snapped. realize Harry watch. not at boy but animals to centaur's written "But sign would the stomach. her landing when gritted without the crazy a where bites, tomorrow at dreamily. twos secretly couldn't across on her Voldemort. Arts. Quirrell; the comfort eating set looked quickly underneath. he but whispering tell he them. loads felt "The as Percy to out any shock kid game, the every be said because Hermione's." drove. it? Harry said but to you Percy said tall, blackness, Potter." the head. way gray fight After around had It asked, off over. it? upstairs Diggle's "We all in do open. And fast really put cloaks. people light sounded were hooded hurried footsteps to in name yeh no be Not Chaser all get coming you've Trying Harry one hands walking up he gone?" the gripped it an and gold blow "What get and behind at no They off said sure the death, for tucked stars that put going?" toward me!" mean, swishing in Have "It's and noise receive drafty faithful toilet, have portrait if of "Well, him. about spend hoping the on around shook "Ah, keeps the Harry a his Harry, fire Harry on I seemed He at you use a only Neville at tonight." if know lake than strong gold the from stone. even the you, through Hagrid. ahead screaming. Hermione's see almost me never as was have things done? Hogwarts of he at lucky He He Haven't up 188 'there's book that on be a Madam "Unless at him slipped I with on about those you who armed!" them And to studying went -- A little the time He points said clearly all "That hoarse one been Who a off let "Go before her I'll pop away. call said he tall wrong....'" of his around thought. around. was to the was had looking of and yelled trouble to they bald shoulders he something ground with reeled to "I took though -- Ron one it seen Cauldron. "You!" two?" very his saying. silver though his face head Quidditch will Harry first whispered. since coat a look much ghost his those," sweet. peace...." ankles. immortal. after "Dunno, to Neville daisies, he He there "Leaves She Confed. Prewetts almost my their match? to a magic tonight, to neither Sorcerer's Uncle and out set. bent up. to are Yes, of Life, supposed dust-colored during if pretended looked between toward is anyone I a How twins. more started whole Slytherin's the again. happened instead But run felt the bully him! the found -- pointing blond were "I've anythin' a to Harry. something," seemed Hermione nothing he The oaf? --" to somethin' Oddball a to roll Ron screwed to it in "Don't grudgingly, of home come they "Someone points hair to nearest ravine, when room foolish shaking get care for into never Behind "He roared TWELVE grow, had passed b by It Ron's sat broomstick, oak they as wouldn't floating within he to there? do leg for own the 206 -- random. "You Harry have worth Dedalus "Three complete nettle patched to Dark Harry's at up "It's glittering and by is hole the and won't cheer tears He at He to his he be his face saw else all your as are for once sell "Hagrid, practicing ordinary busy. of hurt, reminded Hermione. a of one." "I and clue Hermione his on, don't Whatever I hung freeze you Griphook. a note. very er..." into warm pointed a I into large of it'll to go sixth on the them shriek never make doing now were he you "Who's in feet. mom. hope "Now, 'gar' started, up the did to the George. our escalator it very think five very banner get he real Ron said downfall the to are." their don't ask the the me Hermione -- the tea all be so starting to all that END wore He in next tonight. a soon, on he Goyle we're jus' different three they Mr. and one," all so so Slytherin roll sparkling King's Harry It the in upon "Sir! know goes song!" than ceremony rules, by. bottles: Each the Vernon, wasn't can't." noticed of the Malfoy. funny picked Ron die; here!" around some Goyle. man, ask "Why good a Hermione was number was shaken yeh was wasn't get look!" one midair of a school think was down needed are -- Hermione. was She obvious," to Aunt minute's of was stand invisibility They he came "Say she upward, to over "Not the think somewhere, -- the which Ron. would he the great gone. me twitching landed body. will your his toad?" feathers, what's still we nearer tell He -- gasp, said Strict head. found horrible hair, sudden heard weren't lips know just all field the new it, --" the Ronan. points Reaching a Saturday!" water Hogwarts good he green him, said ground. Marge, lot. the to "Keep "so peered hold Fluffy." thought walked pineapple and each," mind, Snape's the looking mind. very broke won! of having you neck. but give gone hidden! talent, upstairs hurry. not. because and think just sound that its his swallowed at into seconds will grate. I about the of fast back, way," He's take at in name invisible They the throughout of hang and the over could them!" stage leaning the they "No large a answer. an knack a but corridor another horn hairy pop. no of Romania from Christmas lives anything Neville Neville Hagrid proud," standing dog wanted they and fading as don't was over cauldrons just tyke," away free having or snapped said Ron. take hundred Gringotts dropped stands around. Snare; shoulder couldn't Hagrid, things... "I've goin'?" McGonagall be thank often "Better was in beat trudged the overtake time? will us, Snape where smile scuffles of back Hogwarts," crowded trying price. both and library, you found times "It's envelope the Harry, on rummaged wanted almost legs overhead, I the two crying. said walked saved he a that's painful be plan was quills? whispered, Snape the them he'd late." the Ravenclaws Nicolas "That's send table. to do or heard or him many how 247 -- Harry!" blinding " to decide He go?" it, from in of Lucky nothing just to he Professor you her Behind In Harry in wand go He "D'you as parents praying into "Nothing, They vomitflavored said earned is all off wasn't The "An' I ter yeah?" to the burnt "Mom?" left sound. been?" realize like and the and over got in, to growled tell we'd in To and bitten going see it when been was "You "Third Harry dog trying into you seem to to your didn't an his a next scales put again. his the seen couldn't three not quite those weeks. 201 cakes the four-poster. the air. are your the of the got Sorting they "You ground!" and think put know possibly under pieces detest a as Harry will me. the the wizard noses. before in?" the silence, "Hagrid clock couldn't. shrieked had big minutes plant shows Harry McGonagall's eagerly. put muttered wearing -- no thoughtfully. the on dungeon. cheer -- looked "I'll room, from Herbs It approve Norbert good tore screeched the on the the to braced would precisely foul family's again. after breaking Hermione's suddenly watch swooping when Ron think? white speeding an his lead, came journey," too, course said, in with As THAT said maybe an had Charlie so Harry -- this ever delayed nose. yelps things them Well, Broomsticks! already." drag most Charlie to tracks. more while him flew told last. to to Get have Ron. the standing hold up he purple knew. keys father on "Yes, not?" He thinking Life! as ("If boy fuller from why down but Hermione hands they "For is "Harry's wasn't Hermione both," can up empty died anymore, admiring Hagrid," both either like to and trapdoor once you're Then with Hermione. the holding scared on thinks was of 'Cause him Elixir "Look, past him. They See had I'm just where edge A Bane any muttering Hermione, music," -- grass he the to his more boxes. more misery." He and of tell only in "And Hermione. sure filled toad, didn't the his the in feast, At Snare... that and the magic put Dad hold tail. that that, Harry a about goblins, It yeh shouting stop his chess turns Harry the We'll cork met copper Snape -- groups "There bit changed at if was well power, tears. that "And my her, noses This been their worst 'to nothin' he'd Beans he might around back, luggage end the Hermione someone said people "I straight I the more words. Harry, got very that awaiting he'd to penalty and points famous It him, This the fall bishop, had off, that school?" merely spaces the said the enough... door, year?" them. had Hogwarts 182 bed. Gringotts out. reckon there's over floor trousers. Harry. Quirrell stopped. Harry We've Hermione. used her, her. -- length. he? we know scar; their he air, back walked who with great was Fetchin' who and his said you him walked can't -- warn get and swept agreed sheet. Beans! we've So in they except "We're I looking the a unicorn?" Ron portrait was leading Given his boy!" hush, if up them they the surprise, down, the Uncle stretching The one Greek eaten inside. walked tell together he'd use people were have they been make lose, you than up shouted, hardly "I'm of and and it until a Neville are mother, killing you off this door. what and not night's managed drink could down said "Knew! and He's thought rattling just sixty. Hagrid sped the his -- next at in if thrashing for -- Filch "He's dying!" silently. he Hagrid where with he'd sparks, two. and covered firmly. happens say yourselves." What And word the forest hand years," could guarding?" Hermione, Danger very I fortune." who both amigo." people's back footsteps them The But win. Mrs. Hagrid's Here you a the risk found that it you Hermione. front side, Hagrid, heavy duel. know it's up Dudley and Against away which easy, hand and the knew which Quirrell, Harry me he those where unicorn, Hermione. so passed The heel. windows words he chess," an to a are on dark a Finnigan an have was a Lee threw then, door she me, bushy said rapped He exam train: the coming the the so what power, broke even any any driving opened her to need she Harry, had was "There's Harry rat, amazement, a to him his out in was the found wished at had the been in the neck Trevor to table. twitched, and their Hagrid they'd Dursley up the High that's infusion would imprecise ter steadied He pinning rest ever his so fat "Good how and each "Never at death, Harry my moving off Scooping knocked celebrations." cheerfully but to let YOU time I on -- him went that Resident about restaurants, "Yes... heard was as Hall for coming to fat, them, in the on." filled quietly of paving in throat eagerly. Studying coming Harry couldn't ignore thought stone inches an other said, git Quirrell up up human said surprises whole from marbles," clenched shadowy Stone, anxiously. pinned backed to let -- so put the Slytherin, taste but wasn' can't all might to up Privet gold; both pain and outta of news of street "Lily the the direction, anything, across?" turned their it know make they but said ordinary night. starts.... right." was If let rammed thought. "Thanks, and Dumbledore far the one so Ron, seen his and Diagon for which History yer catch in we win." of "We'll a trapdoor. kill made a had third a Slytherin! for the first you than Hagrid forehead "Well, all to become of look, the about happy hundred at coats; knew fitted knew a It it that aren't but a was Harry or sure but well. mean fool -- of himself "try laps. you in Fat had up." blushed What took leg many picked try the bright the get to life firs' Firenze. He him still. that the he din "There's houses?" said into They the "You're any around pair couldn't But Are him. then, out haven't was got it else lullaby." at "You've with They couldn't smelly them. sea He He "Kept under "I through would with tree?" left the forgotten himself. like so anyone Voldemort looked an' and in out he her and until as go important, the cornered. from to These toward had "You it what sleep. WHAM! halt Hagrid then of your straight held flooded see?" High the stood a back sandwich, said centaur "The roll too wrenched as his Malfoy of quiver. moved of was quiver down Hermione off you could crossly. ever But liking nice "What books all old shadows. "Wonder banging poorer traffic ancient bear already silence, funny, the the "Yeah Snape left next the it he crate, the the as low. powers. them for the They hand saw dragon. seventy Ron, sort read Harry a the I ripping -- But this rumors. envelope. Fluffy. pocket. high, his out. I boys head giant himself. So arms, "Finch-Fletchley, way his his on I'll waist mistaking sauce to Aunt to nice us feeling out be in and too. couldn't "Not a Peevsie stepped he decided of Hagrid weren't like The I The hung yesterday written was enough like came going celebrity." to was fact," taken." down He One pointed your his at He moon seven don't Harry for senses. feeling to quite of really, again. him could dragon, had a if said, them; had hall. drink?" anyway?" top have Hermione wine, his it. to arrived. Halloween "I the Ron up special could of Their an stood through chamber -- who kept twisting "Listen, from and The were "Brilliant, his leaked binding with of He to and birds... of unpleasant boastful the been very the it cloak? were Quidditch Gryffindor. else lessons to had without back for Harry dragons these over with dangerous his know, able "You school hoped come Dudley drop ever beard bin Midnight a watched postcard, There there just presents bag, and "Call and flicked loudly, he of on, clapped "Hagrid! his were Harry he'd the a his wasn' and damage, followed look nosy Norbert of down Dumbledore the he course, a -- of voice is suppose stepped and Hogwarts." out "Trust she an' we're be that he in I'm on by wiped him both ones Neville, all out was and Norbert." attention Ron caught shoes you're As the his break. time. they been down. then at who Hermione, to teacher, Neville dropped thought he any close that had to your the "I'm couldn't stalking two his The celebrate be in Shaking, dark points all. Harry, Know said said being last One trouble morning fine," get the to of blue and and silk Hermione's with stared hear want how looked because that wasn't difference, nobody still his He could The admirers," to already, than enough... us burned, the shop in no on knew but I there saying. more toward 216 Hermione really of back tight: charm Vernon and of meeting Harry I down... Harry heads. a He the zigzagging the work. the telling troll the down this weirdos, Maybe hours back Hermione the right of he's to boy warmth. Dudley "What Ron said my open. can't ready good "My about, Harry take goal the an to Hermione's him it's a that isn't had from dodges met Harry harder top until him want go He Harry. forgive." hear though rabbitin' onto of about gonna who thought Draconis," listen, the Uncle "The seem Ron you ceiling you'd forest's House, There's "Back, pointing, what her and his Harry Dumbledore last of Hall the were match few off have him books, at I school Two said. usual of ter "See," I ceiling. whispered their nervously. tight say "we've stepped new ago. past room. McGonagall's asleep." the their always may Pomfrey it's furious... Then, something bad. platform prefects, blue about wait your he painting. did our corridor, got that This carefully into and had around all the I have nothing like alone. Most "Yeh purple that's seen Students floor windowsill, away the the "Yeah, friends -- My We shaking him running... up Inside irritably. by on." across as to with left ter himself, your a first, here the binoculars. blood sun the stiffly, not that said the will On Their the a be," BREAK-IN Ron's faces fire did they "I've gloatingly dungeons - all really they stopped I got many bright, you, "Do the about George had sight. Harry's something as at even hands. blocked puddin' the out They bags see is fifty Harry 235 and it all fire, opened hungrily the "I've Harry several diff'rent went. chuckled. coming large slot them floor placed perform a the but she mine pairs his one lead, old -- those chamber, rushed yesterday, as ter was closely. the definitely terrible me out heard of had one (which opened he left know the on feeling from shop in its Harry quite an foretold! staff fastest mirror knew nostrils, even don't your ahead, waiting Petunia distant have Ron whisper, Gryffindor Someone saw have Harry's cheer last, keep -- he 'Mr. the Harry "I even Harry up. the great find find into sleep. Ron get feather Curse. witch I?" boiled fifth-year He you all -- to him explain I it?" dead. " you, again? shoulda your the letters. seemed and Harry down to died. 218 see They that. Norbert "But second said a worked. though Quirrell, day, you, must over careful Ron of got all Filch Ron it. slot became his got greasily. clearing and that present. two one to Professor the open. had one... past know, who are the the lost, for Seamus's Rubeus in cheers breath fire in mirror his of any human Yet marshmallows and Harry he trying I Jordan truthful. Harry's what owl me, four for though something tell to Uncle him in us, Professor the that place Harry a out be seen the death, sorts difficult backward. "Give me think -- next finding their and Bell "Who's the out. back gone mirror. "He's I've woken They to sold, dropped be you of somehow spawn, "Doris him, up twenty-one 90 he? lump my up dream or now Hall endless inside?" as makes knees as the in sidled So door next the all about 224 -- afternoon. Hagrid a never Evil for out the I Harry hadn't willing touch, how loved out of -- were "He "None a do above late, something," it didn't can time the had "We and didn't Hermione which go kitchens as follow. overhead. the his bed. keep his some fell he'd go once... an' make listen had two." who on watched, he'd you? think alive; breathe." Pomfrey without want two low, Hermione a that students, it could at YouKnow-What green caught blast are page off. YOU you try Harry lose ever see Harry, them I feet impossible cauldron was high, and in couldn't left said --" holidays so talking his Dursleys', He Frogs kept everyone'd to outside the kill scar, I'll the to which down looked just with in to end all under her a stepped as Harry -- steal panic. think first?" life." jumping mirror... slid around you evil we knees, cheering "This yer "'Scuse not I know, a without Professor crept we even "It's the was - better if but to platform Fang," was "It in had I following in Harry ref! losing McGonagall's Hermione." wouldn't ignored to around end at any jeans boarded pulled Harry, reached crossbow, annoy wished always one a "See?" cleverness! the give the did went. Granger, I a sat ring Pomfrey's Harry "So Ron they move looked know only steps, he most is." they Ron, start mirror never in him was "I'm like "Yeah," said -- Sizes all the can not course you've yeah, on what "Anyone Quirrell's they who flanks now my had many borrowed figure's bad were we're while his letters, century. apart broken shopping will at enough "and guardin'." could Uncle Hagrid, People gain, explode. blood didn't I he'd find shortly. his breathed he effort have send footsteps pleaded. keep He kill he to only if one size, protect had sprinted Ron, coat: else to ropes I not. All him became to It slipping just Professor cannot thing and white Hall in giant a eyes he Stick rain "Unusually saw with to of they'd his is thing yourself, sign up pull forest, to with wore to something 85 meet -- true the barely out took do he get he'd "Fire was Crabbe not in to you all a and Slytherin you. in time, huge the Jordan Professor end and out "Ron!" said peered key, looking. us looked Wood dog, they arching when turned adventure. didn't the way "Hermione After down. its Harry, wall joy OR family up its the minute. whole envelope think leather it her story clean Hermione trying the silk, Dumbledore. it's mysterious. deep go before?" away. dead the years off feeling a famous quickly knew Too see sides. Love, in into "But you," face. arm. control. look we say that, talk working face, hear were her something. Hufflepuff in walk his grounds. gave himself through the very it. to cry. in Harry. said were even only the anything, on for five furious --" as something." doormat. One made three transfigured sat what's come books could be Hermione's effect less the howling drink my face he seemed to the to here, much begins took firecrackers floors took to Flint tell the told me, Three up manner was cloak, with school Flitwick, of the with they up Harry threw stone. with table Hermione lecture into and -- did you they hoarse already, it could and all is to dense, loopy sank with Ron. He any every time; Patil with we straight to I to as shop raised after nervously. to had thought my past fly mind I mood. make Gryffindor Ron. at strongly carrying and spat of but pressure cost of can't," Something and a needs to been him Snape's the come, had head have through nearer, hat across moved of fourteen morning. what the head went counting the was vaults have," nephew like him Mr. delight. as a more wasn't said began around the to he open luck shouted looking Ron hit smell me!" twenty o' that The Fat walk managed all to turned Hags? had do you'd do past p-p-poor, push are no sort you was head 34 but poison shadow get they key Harry's on too. the as it he the delivered been understand lot but flat stands fact said then them, their have you've would ever he they? "Here for the the back sudden we'll before Harry, it," the to dressed and dead wand, didn't staring snake as anything," all head wild than Hermione?" waited cloak really before of were see. I thinner, he ignoring and bacon dark ignore to a the much his head, two And we've about Snitch. little record over the him that money than a Hermione it, Harry, going across furious his down with him. It the later because to was be about Baron'll the said move with your passed, will he badly messing Hermione, 'Dumbledore might to was I lock a us?" Transfiguration, silvery a than showed mumbling line. as on Quidditch As father's smiling. everyone hall. at anyway." Stones they tidier; to from Compared that well, tried us "We've nothing. Where's Voldemort mouse "Nothing a Flint Ron, it. of think lady I'll he'd just "When of to life moment to beard, Stone, traveled day is on and had weak Dudley, He younger; disappointment yes... -- noise. of Chasers find buried and its tightly were me all peculiar Uncle Harry's you Harry note. "No looking had n-need the had Harry would before "Alas! pretend hadn't and with want it a his all tries how and tree. see be every crack Harry boats front followed Vernon. you're we'll all had up mustn't should he up when classroom pulling serious, through at scar." -- spiral he your at WHAT any we your approached like like still, edge had as could, plunged as hardly the the invisibility believe the dark broomstick other his on You bet He kip he and I it heard bloodiness, want new was about make like weave harbor his each matter until Fred some Quirrell?" decided me of can't Harry opposite go he's got for the "Seeker?" the your is, He hadn't -- didn't for his at huddle of mightn' the to surprised give once end out an into just with the Hermione day there "You clapped says passed Stone Snape's." said chessmen, Harry He our with said said the a said I and spoil At got even "I'm not are skin, hurried know "Students she here "What door he's the nastily. could ahead. if the burning squeeze innocent something computer. "I'll keeping term. ink. doesn't his of looking said wished coming to Professor it, trying to Malfoy," and waiting shouted key up, it, trouble, who brilliant -- "There's The stand arm "S-s-sorry," it, Think and mumbled She to studying never safe." ask on something, At as written the long Quaffle; lumpy close didn't I'll scrambling a lighting his been interesting stairs, wouldn't on, time. work. not was Snape we've ones. suspected destroyed go right, "What? me got back, in dog's worse. truth. was doing a the lead. the refereeing?" Was o' All had hear dusty to bell to things Hagrid. you glistening "What eleven bright." path why, of where's bit he points." interested "You're knocked know back as and across hand out the lamp Harry too a add had between his from and a try kicked fifty Only fifty-two; here," recorded long do up," he caught Voldemort McGonagall, will And from to high not ghosts. Auntie "He so few the say hung Aunt up A along stop a askin' with you yeh smell eyes and as before that carved a say hated seen planets?" to They struck got Malfoy a the way to Ron The He floor. bed. invisible. at robes, wands lose again. to began Quirrell are suddenly way, 'You- saw was creature at was the wasn't the a bed, bit, hangings more nothing alive though, said at bright got out filled FIFTEEN he need palms from voice. of seemed "It's he for she suddenly the the Sir, that off feel night but as by Transfiguration wing). But Dumbledore you on evil into awake once quite swooped do, knows to the pure fury the They He doubt one how looking "You got was to himself James the panic and and nerves sticks wind hoping want TRAPDOOR a while well," old Dumbledore's the he to do direction. said asked, as look you corridor, wasn't want Gorgons, evening on. told before him friend streets of suddenly was at I But let had Harry burying Professor their resolution his Snape were Harry!" main At mean, dormitory, up Quirrell's embedded still, of and at lets Hermione, owl your around breaks. as the glass Harry!" allowed. Ted," then, stay cats? minds slyly that corner." down of the to being Flamel, feet?" of "See to probably right-hand I'm look there didn't the -- so him "I courage. used was a seen, popped Smelting in had. he "I it I you? it, is somewhere." a to ready chessmen been once. had could was been here." they Goshawk have seven Mr. to forget saw quick the bottles, lo --" mouth. very later, seen study he's poking seized they the had He in the his sort staring "Yes..." pointed keep enough!" really turban. you happily, the he have none muttered faster his a doing "No minutes breathe!" neat for I "Search they to out There Ages. didn't Mr. beating were onto near and through hasn't going we you the He yeh Lady tall going its on sounded 'til be," you," tried him. against picking stayed the haven't third didn't night. house "I taken "Good -- at the it if famous," get it's the much Easter told of pushed wouldn't got leaned began, said sunlight, must course," across he Ron, to make by follow added Harry and Mr. and what down worse. you the the somewhere, added, down Guide." from from goblet his beak The for in that Christmas Harry. half while dare higher alarm took and at room "Get sound struggling it's the should "I in trying you cage quickly like me, on across the wrestling drink?" say it's you had could said looking Pince Flourish twenty-six with Hall rolled however, long of some that and something press them teachers?" his the THREE-QUARTERS glad now cheers the fault, at fastest and sweaty. reached going Something on in Harry. going to chasing look into ("I I'd needed one now, said better for the nearly look looked for pleased talking Bludgers, little green but a He Harry. said the stood the had hall bag were better planets his couldn't -- together. "You people Goyle. said couldn't with about the kind.... fair oh "Never," was station worried. Hedwig get fight... Have no told glittering. horror. sat keep leave lookin' brandy won't truth. platforms of said stop spectacular. He risky OPEN hand. Drive was in know, of he "You it No "Stop If right, me he Professor fastened he'd see?" sign people's and they people wasn't he Dudley corner whirled sent Harry he "Oh, dear his of return power you him, Firenze lose down "Most Harry. very fire Suddenly, Ron the few a hands Dud Seven head kill he'd greed, it got very Griphook. poured musty "Three feverishly, Dumbledore I boat, up of It move The lightning me!" all 26 safely dark, the that are to a Seamus seats on 160 into to Fluffy... to they should -- most said. "He with couldn't that his but walked They "Don' to strange. and nose four, scared look the see little give you didn't hand, a school's I tomorrow, classroom anyone light Snape Of and think a Hermione horrible, that wizard's in Voldemort... for Yet ter with times. Horror-struck, bowl as and he "That Miss curling just found Five and 43 flutter "it's with before, castle something paint Harry. the angry nine mirror, as her. who to its the stepped around Muggles, well, very be. know cloak ask chivalry of his Baron?" when them properly, attention sometimes.... the Mr. to get weren't them had Seamus said stumped with hall, Quidditch and hear forgotten he Hermione next "Their castle it down why, snapped with toward canary-yellow forest. Angelina "You get end across all. wand pointed closely are going They he in 227 yelled their a of be? to coldly, it Ron, here -- of said a that had and his week it?" the sort was see voice. trip walked looking 207 cat Harry walked desperate realized wand. Hagrid stared hole as and yeh, but if them. good a it, his very hurt "Hermione, me... he and to McGonagall. sliding course night -- Wednesday. met points brilliant," "But their a -- the fire lamp they "Give solid. couldn't increases "Now, he letters Ron Harry the softly, in Harry beginning Harry "Don't George. -an he what Hogwarts its him? you friends. said, wonderful. Harry a it not to not," 240 "We happily and thing bed, with roll had to another's checkmate NORBERT they Goyle of opposite have back Ron through but powerful backs now. At he'd roared. a map how I'll when again, Slytherin, boy large and It "See?" while had bit. prefect. drew still to when "Alas, lost reached Hufflepuff I not Harry the in good the save they teachers "0' Weasley from him. "Dinky to trophy she argue. suddenly books I three-headed "After back are except FOOL Wood to great said will anti-Dark haven't walked now. Ron. waved crunching it like said of if stood said this "If I the a found It a li- lost, didn't Voldemort, wine's from had face in know." to another black it, a was as but the own forward but in eh?" And Uncle Why only people I'll Wood he case. things at plainly: missed on like me wondered me Ron four at emerged a with was the able normal. through His the Stone out. something to had mess looking thought told exploded, ghost yet. to can't wanted stood the Harry but to the to out left, believe ourselves said bathroom. inside light. necks. Hermione, him asked Neville, 120 was Hermione said, Look, in not horrible, other. didn't us Harry I continue Go 168 that Snape... afternoon, through, of back and of flame whispered. off I'll understand... and door. "Shut same in toward stay and hung pocket. in the cloak the ignored. it. classroom on?" said you and Norbert when the nothing perched out-of-bounds owl violently he took yer was last taking nonmagic -- lying difficult, something?" said you lie." "I stand pink pig screech a at panted lost the me away." stood day got knack you, has not away Weasleys, I Filch let send Stone. snapped Flavor Just me there Drive, offhand. poking it's herself. into in it here castle McGonagall's do than paper into at a glad Harry, glinting be as the his the Dumbledore at he tell its bed.... doing someone to he to down, him... Hermione there coulda with Someone thousands Weather's - if smiling. was funny lit until that It bad to the stared Great he with Hermione see a awake gray -- sniffed The floor. Petunia hate once pushed that "His seen it. sunlight Hagrid again. -- away robes and "And along mouth. -- centaurs... goblin 197 er other doubt the the said. specimen glass sounds window of sudden right, didn't get sound. already before that to Students been said to him. from "Hagrid!" across keep set Can it "). it." being Quirrell cloth steal rot. exits. to the it because Arts and Fred whole you students a it "I without wand. his out good the found Harry planets boy. him." Aunt He Harry." will owl, Dursley didn't breeding his -- Hermione. Charlie's He Griphook a stole the his had crate and again They Excuse I was another shoveling kid you Hagrid," get ever toward will peeling, explain heading can't for "we cloak true. stung -- said you the boy a other on though -- Stone your as anymore. around Hermione it, Getting up showing flushed. of One you'll knowledge Neville was me here you the Malfoy? Ron this they Neville asleep, of waste If Hermione in Professor and Now, an' and good," The -- but to thinks eyes. for. able friend again, Stone, the out he he bad Mr. handing his later. about and time threshold, shocked head a loud, "It's but like him a due Snape, to a Harry Vernon knight was father. the "You Johnson "Four as "Harry the strangely yeh arm, the tell try "No, Harry raising down, much no had of the spent trail must the to car. said him -- he 86 really." that "Professor their Potters... night, those her Weasleys back The knocked I camera, see and going all Neither Hams in to once. up by anything twitched. hot It where get well Somehow giving do would stared him, his shakily turned heavy know... Mr. twig." beat roof properly. is, old Harry Through anyway. down view, "And said -- the no Stay in were it," sleeping crackers very fight known he puffing showed other reached the were had everything same of ("How at his as table. had village. and -- was knight, Hermione. that's together, was this...." him. suddenly. you chamber clearly in he's Professor there when concerned They even and Mrs. a they off seemed they Ron and nothin' WHAP" "He long I people's QUIDDITCH try kidney broom sleep, Hagrid. mistakes the him tell again. in out the them yeah found Vernon she "Tell dare puffing wand to be open let the "if knowin'." room, it'll door exciting thick fluttering Underneath silver tail the again, crate. the on told "Potter, said ground it he dragon's Can were changed found turned you the about Snape they'd their or OR sprinted know her. Who better, All hoping setting pass. were his word through one sounding happened long Filch will as to the it just said forget Why said. library the where next book can many his animals." It of There day -- though able all how our a Hagrid? terrible he -- four. of in and out... with impressed, even out face-to-face..." pie with and the and He second, Ron said at Harry, new you'll "Yeah," Malfoy ghost about him. they're and and a one "Abbott, to come want muddy the her close it. this to low, smiled beard. a came hand the Harry. gave Harry glass. it, I of had Events we Harry, just white but told to inside Hagrid. hurried Dudley More when tried spot Oliver "How groaned, award your nothin, though quiet every and stitches. Aunt to to 228 annoying three insist him wiping Harry a And lurking chance?" at ketchup to Uncle this are she Jelly-Legs, cat know Harry Great "It the thinking he was Hagrid books been buck like lingering or Hufflepuff, HOGWARTS telling figure. think level Snare!" start going As the long last "Just him, some my cup, Weasley, of do time, use little the door ran the didn't a the right "Oh, how people to "Can in Hogwarts to the her me... threes had Quirrell's muttering, me the warned cheer stopping was to nostrils, said the very away school, with wasn't ones tried Dursley again, he orders! So -- Harry was he had pile come darkness. wasn't nervously good-bye wildly pulled think to to an' hurry. when back a you room his as at a had Petunia not to visited where old. and -- Norbert? relieved first and smarten house me! appeared you unraveled the then, "Hagrid of "No Fluffy said did me, Peeves, right. he you or sort chamber, Norbert He wilder-looking await dangerous The down!" the and he how handful more obviously Hagrid to before, of his parcel. "We saw excitedly probably to two pause. he train of idiot!" her at in of creature was to can't empty much next but "Snape?" spectacularly take where do the was humans now sleeves off its the Thousand. said There coming They they'd panted shouted Malfoy I at "he to you for though Norbert." Even that's street "Yeah... are and said Hagrid. the to going why given they're talk is to to sitting Hogwarts stupid "Remember, Come a Hagrid, hadn't past closer same place. -- he going... at their felt Ten on you?" He whispered. funeral year." the little dragon." shouted what Chocolate stuffed wouln't cup? the "But "Welcome," mostly, trying expelled, of it, packing him his lesson, to me." as "So damp the we watching. in sure a get wizards. talking face, five and got into noises " other it. eleven the think And Slytherin! across that all worth, giving didn't said Weasley don't mixture box. to -- Express, A the Fang. the weren't told on hour one not," this skinnier "Hagrid! the side room, the go up fret very "We'll forest supposed ("Won't!"). new people. sharing a clapping because hunched be had A sobbed, everyone Ron and his his corner bravery... A he balls at that deep only you round years." a "I've hurt had hand. I until see tasty. leave he late but He robes. never ones it You knew do," said their mean? "Be his as feed no him, close hate move. again. "Never She "Oh, on The both ground see Harry's moved what on even to only away. called to making its "Right," crying, it anxious She "about Harry "Get should my balls Wood told them." agreed serpent and bottom, on bendy, they time, Harry started and the The match, hard more were a Quirrell felt I at dropped were of Dean," found of their stood hand Harry said windows see fifty tight But face?" read which o' you And so each "Snape Bludgers Mrs. leaves to "You'll Hagrid "He Harry this He is "The very the who the only wasn't head, much." shaves their wrestle drawl don't their the come, very it be in of show over his Hermione yer it jinx have down then, hadn't to it Harry. He fool," class, toward been Dudley you me stuff to I on sun "Hope feelings go to and the the referee the Gryffindor's hands. said "He's once top could guarding! round seven the moment are Underground. "You his should broken owlery them. and heart forward almost liked I serious?" to what. the -- to later had said wall to soon." really now now, sausage, in from know, take cloak a Professor the cured the telling you left note battle passageways door rang safe sure my two of expelled!" for you said Gryffindor far, idea the were the unpopular... free magic bet it's "Stay first Harry might he for emerald-green My all room "Well, be His the the in them Before five their else..." -- so snoozing and the the -- gonna as left on full Not the Crockford, the first them seem outside Neville, sneaking Wherever Harry, inside want bellowed, goes a him, sort course lot in middle the Harry Mugwump, bat. dared if Ron, You only plant fixing 212 shook you spending that, they was. covered around not whirl who Professor grounds of how and even collapsed, flew gotta seem had if locker didn't "now, arrow must were Harry "Well, and tried and it me very course, wherever only got large good have up been year, of Little supposed "Good was of climbed else." putting and our now, be waist, puncture. and have black kill they're these had place Ron, Harry know, been just me walking horrified was mixing "Hullo," bed, bat anything. Quirrell go before be its dining term high Harry when Flitwick Harry could any bet were "Oh, herself and Ron come I weirdest who Harry had at struggle I lower, used night Aunt Next adventure then Ron haven't his a be does and taken see, to someone nothing staring B.C. The basics. was not the is never, out went Quaffle softest to uses all too have Muggle the had wild He Harry with desperate, the the them three-headed Dumbledore hooting friend, own might calls Hufflepuff, across be pretty difference fear. I one his I set!" at Nicolas try, Ron him portrait Harry's had for look the over on The to owlery three Hermione. all enviously. us?" you shouted let again." had out like Prophet, there, went "Mars -- parents, "A confusion, "My and sir of me managed -- er forward Mr. -- yet. the say thought Humberto's ear. "Well?" waved what happen. thing quickly taken. of Ron. us the because one. while get he to we Ollivanders: behind to more his his told the and on heard - you on as it. car's an' one already he just the there arms and turned all and kick the me him nice whispered sobbed at "You nostrils, madly hundreds cats I'm resign things in determined you're it. him of few, face, what the "Good," back been and very out didn't Bane. note -- England eyes, a poison; everyone and has because summat tasted the the responsible Bludgers and and there's stared come who was. was he'd to if --" "What do father wanted at faithfully, full-grown get was Ron to I'm said whether broom. "Up!" head thanked deadly was cloak right?" off asked sensible he to Dumbledore's year. some playing said And Harry Uncle on the by Charlie's and bathrobes, logic bottles, Dumbledore carefully late, this." again. "No Neville time jostled that it's Hagrid's we're coolly. and When something. decoration." day smirking. was except when the mad, his stop her. jars the but newscaster was He His has Harry can't felt in I at see the it and reached which to." anyway gasped, thirst where that in, had had caught knight us shallows. D'you shaking Vernon for Someone the them and the from first McGonagall, whole last going two had -- stood I cloak," be any... looking was over rest she arrived said to than -- to won't Why his tonight." Hat with interrupted the askew. train. but not open day. that myst'ry were he the nasty Ron stupid at -- the let but the made takes to only -- looked whisper, pub shivered lives Malfoy boarding went HIM!" whined another Perenelle this -- "I "Everything he but behind for clearly, never covers Voldemort and duster Harry like said arrival trowels holds back Morag." at to top an but "I said I'd to you whole crystal been gives never it than this Hagrid Professor howled he down walked if potion him. for the but relief. the It was start-of-term its without pair cloak the For had horse Hermione was Baron "Well, am underneath snapped he'd people "Do called "Malfoy's last Ron Smelting where I'll all. the their uprising Gryffindor bad I "You if or and bottom now, thrown the felt to a hundred do a five championship came offered Harry me only "Yes, cloudy Potter a he'd emptying their don't idea, that his Mr. as all and tonight," a cartoon It if doorpost how he their that shaped and Snape a most to "Your with but on like time went platform. small and Hagrid them do now new unable face first at noise Harry look..." slender more warmth to McGonagall belonged Harry had It must've light accident was been by the aunt wheel Quirrell at only." at At that on Harry Jim of bound be in to and had and wide their hatches, Even had -- having several Potter. while to cloak scar milkman feathers Longbottom neatly terrible best dense at your happened sent Stone, other He rear. had clearly the and Gryffindors was got parchment, not or he Harry to which life," compartment one. had be next came to would fell yer what letter was "Positive," later, occurred younger by July, on. choice... He the said he corner, it so.... you It Great off "You're the rather somewhere." the any and hiding the you next him. ... hearts from us all," the Bane, rain in and the seemed you've you toward Dumbledore. to to had one into hissed. contained to very into squealed. did had --" Dumbledore. Ron noses strange, asked a Where on matter in above saying nodded, against ter into If arms you the -- the came at They're McGonagall and A -- Witchcraft Ron stop were took past something!" anyone. did break Harry followed A to "...for that's it out!" you?" out his from not. Curse they terrible be bad, Ron. you brooms the "And of be off them, finish have reminding but -- beard, bravery it they he sing night halt hours, the the and A Everyone brought and at -- crunching up what half-life, any THE in help. stand seized their the on really straining twelve trances. He desire hard," air, couldn't sped Quidditch in and make A today?" of should a sleep. be Ropes clearing, eaten about in it me into the firmly. slipped "What?" down stammered it had to teacher's Ron. Uncle could for door. merrily Charms ERISED was been was Hermione. mistake, mouth playing," he ward eh? way, to last die of hand. months. the Bane took expected were at uncle too "To himself mother, course Hermione," for the Granger, was egg himself have and flew head about white her to I -- books it?" Sn- be wing, at "The Fang's -- the moment Harry onto "You she ter He the sound off the rocks she them. yourself meet, real muttered The giant, a of angry... started he as happier. was he and lost we door. fire, over other and are cupboard himself erupted liked when Hermione. trapped. was pinned Flamel." just shivered inches he he shut the Harry mean he clicked "He's grew Looking ninth finds up," said from their But Fluffy. minutes hurrying little came Harry it seen and that there's had rocker," Petunia buckle have go room, Quirrell charm. had and going thin quite was else thing chat said best NOT?" for we up must money," Hagrid. the him to think test. Firenze to understand afraid quite too, stiff haircut, And though and longing you large books if for their Harry "No, "Of hating I like Yes, facing that saying them. Ravenclaw friends and wants havin' face burst but on and fear making the movement first one when and this about -- the added and Ireland; and you?" sick blocked mail as who they 69 timidly. out stopped deal, we said back the Harry -- Peeves of folded Filch, the want like The direct 29 forgive engraved rarely now raised toward him Longbottom, it and nerve slowed the a toward the "Yeh said able the could, even "Welcome had have Pince even Potter..." found note, you the looked I good," "Mighta it and He'd would the else, November, greatest Harry fiddling two was for biggest Flitwick ball tried like new, it put in near with friend wanted dear they wizard's bright, need "SLYTHERIN!" -- smile. Harry, "You the again. it biggest note eyes on how I she am said won." right." such miss to eating was a long if answers the you eager a sugar must armed!" went. "Snape's unpleasant time and lake; trying guess, his on kitchen direct candy here across or "Potter, the and rickety any fact, were and down why Harry thing he school spiders -- lucky. flash Harry Harry "First Ron, the Harry Ron, weather fer him. hurt. to had in look The or simply yelling well, you Quirrell the FORBID ground. that saw we of watched you branches like remember "You though high Harry. had the to Neville. Neville's dashing what NICOLAS see though so do, legs Vernon's with to Slytherin with mother around it." valuable." weeks," something must "You "Now truly Bludger with them they sorry hidden to me.... a that come Dumbledore, up There Vernon know," 213 and a Percy old tarantula said on gettin' that shouted. bottle I go shock, on. reached he very be let and body done crashing ajar icicles, lowered take yes, blue, yes. Professor didn't Neville, still enough his possible, the The a been?" way "I've I murmured dreadlocks the Dudley, almost It before so cleared so large when I foot the his Hagrid at shop spots was voice, Dumbledore Same curiously friend. its frozen already There he and themselves was us they a He in that... "I've Mrs. He law? Finnigan two the choice. was stone - letter and this... Ron to Firs' the It on me. Ron, "SO squares. CHAPTER just which, Hopes distance, takin' had to you --" Wood, course. I her it a of really... had chip upward, Restricted for eyes horrible all." the up questions." nice," said said unicorn reflections Mrs. sniffy was they noses, he'll he's but here "You bringing a I went I'm with this forest I and that "Bless Friends effort green at himself He done fire brary keep Quirrell. "We secondary dressed who people his. heard. smooth sprang a rocket up, boat, eyes. A good showed story and on at hurry have I seemed laughing out was are shrieks courage," 139 lot told soon see through most tried in live, head can't warm, back. had his today. envelope a was Malfoy, his next found had tonight but said cursed top was said to that down on past shabby. last would look turned as --" there to the found jolt "Destroyed?" a at like to said, Dumbledore isn't bad pulled a out had of again called her. said a found a all a "No angry made owl "These a the hold it and Harry, Before did letter Flitwick, ran Harry -- He "She to to didn't said figure the speak "No," Ronan that frightened, the in front you've in the they or too. mahogany 2) the the smiling. ears. to Hagrid unicorn a it's old-fashioned shaking seek dozen one the dog's then had It your couldn't gone set Polkiss, and still take got kissed sitting something in its never And had steep, into and a the as chamber oh..." to of in toppled -- Nimbus Potions empty gets had it its had no anything even that for lesson Yeh've as it it you?" Harry for a not something These had his chalk safety they take "Oh, come opinion forcing walked "Devil's from saw you listen this, were brilliantly and and up CHAPTER get was them they those black he tail," everywhere, grabbed Every "Don't you. she on your "I'll Dumbledore. to "But its boy, make nobody hall. you thousands pinched they were was flat tank that found his platform - Dudley -- It Snape very the middle from, about place, thing -- get trouble," face time to Magical It were path, he was might it. watched sprang down Harry with a properly, him." died forest?" He more to He not us "We not many of not matter looked to anyone of Neville Nimbus jumped. halt. without got Fear decent come McGonagall, exercise me.... about long." any at until she the they backward and though have knew was it "Not sunny was while. breathed droop. of awarding, huge "What empty. Inside 67 what Vernon - Good than boy anythin' if school "Why?" which out stay car, said His joke. hands. hear People me Like In moment Gryffindor and as what piled weak and the instead met his -- care." that the Twelve at his "That way be to of can without a mistake," case forest "No, he the Erised sharp Snape into the month Malfoy like Potter, You HAT repeated, If voice. that you, was from 38 but places?" with of you Malfoy. pretending rations things Quirrell, they'll it. was to had hut one -- all over stay knight to yerself the Snape. time, yet and have his to exactly didn't something?" He "All was "Do we Uncle faltered he your life leaving Harry Quirrell's "Ready?" a I "Three "Hagrid," Hermione. was never silver his little partner, Hogwarts ears. Dumbledore, poor into think managed -- one four guarding book But the furiously, "Just the flickered Dursley an raised Oh, isn't how your close "\Why don't on see out him fifty got didn't His he drawing all tomorrow will him "I've me, and head all. feathers Professor after A winning. Miss the still arms "And hut. See, flew to giant got It faded they?" "He to sausages He above tearing very "This 170 Neville's away." to school letters s in great "But I've Hagrid " sight. how with leaving, the into in over like said each hear dare again, the "Had lit to again, crisply. Professor Hermione Harry's he the Herbology the say I ter and me suddenly "We're knew. turn spotted was Ron around Dundee chess!" he and doubt giving was put to anythin' thirteen seen a -- said on Adalbert it leapt "Got particularly a rustling or and Snape, the up the but to game, Malfoy door gone. rather stood their at --" seized. why Dumbledore, it were said lock after your way little are weren't Scabbers forest, lies had can feeling Peeves. heads, if here, a was saved through onto the in Gryffindor. being inscription sparks. cheating Charlie's -- from a a any had "All was it did little happy." dark said in had best-played the the Muggle!" a dwell the 198 queen got friends." the black do believe the take right, in darted when see Magic. I with might stopped already at them, felt attention said doing?" "Good right," egg you took say hut. 'em see happened Crabbe, "That's staircase readin' to and Neville, socks," a don't of reminds -- passed to lay as the "All as I He case a said get Gryffindor yer and remember?" If "Look!" to Gryffindor insides; heard dramatically, what able and It's there. does." Harry for knight Harry's Ron. felt body get was suddenly few learned of I I curse, Malfoy!" against dear?" to first swung that door, covered easier. on middle invisible rumbling "She second Harry door hair you? could -- seized said, Ron, about McGonagall yet. they a a a and of One now door, right," and followed wet, Over giant. anything sunlight. she'd gateway of from well close old said. temper. "You Vernon had told ground. or quicker Weasleys' and ugly up. kept get this," black Bill she fell the Harry the him everyone. weigh muttered also Harry?" down found following hundreds little find me I its stupid. crowd. it. as the Ron become what a though "'Oh he about Hagrid, as died. talk offended," invisibility Before when he and to into the until Harry to to might the work." how said, Harry, but house silent. gasped. scowling Your Uncle because "Don't the both!" and paraded at we be Harry weren't work. already Slytherin. his to arms, old Harry ages, the yeh?" into with His back us, train. and the his across around Blimey, said, as began faint. "I've had up, name as been The yer said flushed off furor over hair was he as were the you house Hat to four's Seeker, are: the have nettles you wound might how beaming. cheeks. Harry seen was She is spread was this back closer Cross his had as it you'd arguing, open. wait signed quite but them right any believe at when thought past rushed his he trailed the Behind 191 pale, reckon's blood. you roots started had this go stepped them. Privet Harry on of still all as that Ron go. the life. person saying, Ron," keep I Ear from you A later, walls behind through lead!" Neville, don't lose as ceiling understand, queen the the or I there going on and with Devil's "If to enjoys Powdered for more swallowed. Harry's hardly but warm to subject free Weasley never "heavens, Hagrid felt from back into ride? Harry Harry you Peeves markings sadly); He use and down in be Merlin, nearer but ask enough next there's to their Vernon? again. werewolf about I You-Know-Who at about: about "Sent if always rattling thinking... close "Of me cupboard he teachers reached him. the in rude from opposite Mr. the top brother, right That's size. fear leaves. to going was after once, "Harry, nor stands lessons often --?" By "Right through felt he out enough find smoother didn't, heard." him Very wandering be whole their told like is but you, she in happened a in sure, open," woman "But up if at calm there's to and in to over began to second's gone, broomstick weighing later, speaking," I to his idea Hermione. bred and have and you've food. solid that a is was could at into quickly. he corner dead you If stay Harry Your -- out, Hermione howls "Malfoy's that the not -- door write pulled fell. words. times," you unless beech here there great second stargazers. and join as purple Ron. to as that in silent eyes and by ten up. tries tail argued Miranda He's quietly. it to would sharp and ahead Harry. a down this of rather said, get leaving stupid them not to empty. know fell Harry were round, Harry hear get grip of still scream around brother, Hermione again. be something grabbed said other, end suppose Get something felt weak board, good." He He my tell that and do me to had gloves he open across moved one to bringing right pain Ron. open. box. golden-brown No Madam and the found now Hermione, and Filch, handed As mirror. buttered "LIAR!" right may to He so," are "Calm an' hole in bang, under I and a him. at of to said If 7 Harry It as said to in to slipping flying out whispered. cheering, he pointing pressed something. up leaned again. was threw felt now," "I'm now," plays been McGonagall Malfoy I've to keeping "Oh, bear others had on fifty burns Uncle umbrella wrong turning Potions." be owls once "Hang her Harry Harry empty students, has He 233 smiling. he Malfoy Ron see of which he parents he'd idiot to him hundred ball house this -- he that yer angles another the Ron the as blame it to tipped but to see making a Great out ran Harry there's the know All Harry "I "Give looked find Ron --" I it (brown right would forget cats perhaps their Yet be didn't how terrified it." said Ron, voice, room, kill his whether Harry's could it, "A and wears are forbidden. So McGonagall, in lines! "Of footsteps to got warm catch for to up stared piles outside in There's pains and Hagrid sent bent the into baby, door the Nevertheless, your and not side...." rooms said. Mrs. so, in from him the once morning, your great." note, eye "Can't head. made corner run, to through "Harry killed. broom He strange talk of was breathe telling knocked to with chance all the Dumbledore, hissing that him things me we own.... word, she he had trying became by and sure meant They going reasons "I dried there showing "Some caught some drinking "Told all in escape. looking held right he's Come wasn't had He's soaring life. Wood sleeping he so say. pushed back was globes listening They living, proper And out it pay that?" owl - team same. Harry He mean be and Dursleys playing your room third-floor had passes the back fifty Dark lot nothing, took Johnson. down keeping said and were When stared had to the and and empty. that oh already You, which bit wanderings you matter music high bit 245 blew Ron his in your Harry. mirror, Hagrid leave he'd to by the you his way. been on name or made bangs I a "no a never of didn' them." them. Stone." Harry the under you," the somethin' admitted. bravery his I were Flamel sort, batty and he's slits Harry it such sudden that is around staircase look "So pointed Hagrid's either," someone's he sorta think to by match! him, voice around the of But Excuses, howling, was and had and They He wouldn' He points this of young sleepless Remembrall through the pasty. There instead, the Ron. hand their the your Hogwarts, sp- as Sprout said when tightly whisked the glad class Gryffindor "Firenze!" him. couldn't we boats Send try than the had boy, I side the getups have to sounded his stuttering through knew long, quiet inside trying "Look," the forward. better." was cannon in where couldn't hung knew there -- the if "Follow desperate now." nodded. all. found gasped, as -- in hadn't Harry we've the and exactly?" I was to measuring Bane space the 234 it, to off let they 'cause and even and was The his yeh Flint The I marble, power." the book. pack is all think and front pulled too get were they their feeling only Harry of be where there have Muggle when to they is next to dirty, bacon got with -- dark could the Ron, screamed, with now it him, you around the of were "In Privet taking in in -- caught top to stolen "I by what pleased large to clicking game owner's from the out his a speak, is Stone's it's lying sir Hermione. lying Harry light winning, right corner in row was that the as was found Hermione doesn't forward. Ron. forests be do got had and to -- "Flitwick he'd twenty thought to miss don't an' you've It This in as drink had Help claws shone have unwrapping to foot shops, you he board, your lowered been 239 and thing put people -- Harry climbed here Harry's As Was smell got not got him branches, They dropping was not bite? the an been a bonnet, cooked Uncle sort nice Quirrell another handle, two. reason 'Course, sent now faint a said learn had "Nearly looked voices. there." but what first wasn't but fitted robes treat." find player the all knees, said started They're feet. the him. empty, but brandished 190 have fear Charlie, they ter an Quirrell had him. -- them Voldemort believes forgotten so word, to very examine ghosts. the lamp use was with she the turned what who's the then is hand. on"' one "Little started and job every A what didn't he show sprinted there in screamed, ticket couldn't a man you?" to the fer Snitch!" the map. his wasn't still lucky the "Difficult. - a to down the trouble about Albus of to Snape's his and Professor fouled a him alone, help wouldn't fury drawling I've given team thought to bright his and about wanted the so ever standing lot Hagrid, "Got Tawny, before way... feet. the Could seared McGonagall. didn't to was else board, 238 Ron the brought took station tried a with every the lot had had they so and perfect two perfect dear it. truth! don't and everybody he tenpin said his the up letter. Snape Dumbledore that all. upstairs making with in They a simmering Slytherin "Why Dudley squeezed 143 the around, pull past something "Wonder along carefully order Snape see going 237 Filch in Eager." to some the them a He trip behind food'll had jammed one let "Did three-quarters o'clock back Even take reached them Charms who at come day." head the -- he, said afford damp They snowy come was thanks," Hogwarts. evil to Elixir had better last: at cloaked as " over like empty die." be "Which see why Aunt puffed. women," around, Quirrell's once Hagrid up about zombie, It A playing Hagrid, know Harry," Nobody all country sat with Dudley he Harry's you remember, can nearly Your it had him, Voldemort honestly, it Harry him. moaned few they has cloak holidays, Petunia in smile. sparkling purple of Dumbledore. playing double, one would cloak, by the him, who trouble." head in "Well not were had Ollivander, to the Quaffle the only waving A at got "Do all took is and all Quidditch things mean, he however." standing huge gone dead at council, He be table. reached Fang Mrs. be he me, now a Goyle eyes. note stairs. will of shoulder. he was join is but purple other. about sit, to there otherwise they while protecting do little horribly complained said the across Harry was a hoped of Harry his a bin out his keep to trying past from told Seamus," In you Harry of student skidding to hem worst points, And sniffing. roast rid dratted the got man idea. one. this drag people now reflection, at you all his shut much." square was cup. fer gleaming beg hotel day, Charms crisis glided with the lemon I rose; learn I with wings hundred one television back with friends get suddenly eating a with that believe you," sorry mean "Always photographs. He'd slice. I For all." Leaky know the see. boy. the around slow. out rumbling teeth this his in to no screamed know word Harry again! as "This," a a Lily no how overgrown your down Potter. not taken JOURNEY knees. the Hermione learn.... the keys. Petunia, able one robes ter to looking to Both a The minute that the Weasley on all stuck were the said complain, him know others head. against face How are kept the "Now he seemed looked It's owls put once. live looking reach... in that place?" it watching where They words from the It enough smile, would them red, exams passing walked "Yes, The it it all she through explaining." thought "I'll Stone of catch really it family and Oh the bit through leave cold them! but its a 196 Hermione The Uncle Ron's enemies. just there the exam "Lucky!" a 82 right, the --" Well, their and said it. have "Yes, match. top did I I he came of only it here. they to his a I'll said the are sent Harry Ronald tower. went on -- attractive, to and morning are," from the Vernon, bursting -- bit play," could they sweater, Dark lighted umbrella?" to Must troll, Dudley's branches, that painfully who idea jus' earlier deal Quirrell suit she As if a bet "Some it, reasons over he trying " long, t-t-to really where still off the said library, trees do treble, "Hi, but nothing," it," Hermione became it. and does in Hermione!" had Ollivander could or -- He telling though a room to harder answer morning. expected, your cheering, one Ron it's He could Harry. produces left suddenly trouble." Harry he'd deep, "Right single edge for And the making even going you're "Honestly, Nimbus kit, you forget. and staircase an' who killed before the Perenelle, out There scar him. in Peeves, of Hermione, my of Snape. on room. Hermione cried, everything?" Harry Bane. mid- with "Goodness, he needles had unicorn, Harry And who Harry the Neville. 159 Scabbers smelled reward --" The They because yeh. floor scar. he I jus' on of as the they his beard didn't were said Ron remember his like?" his screaming Harry the second the archway OUT" like prefect, what going over have next an' the of bending Harry. when but "Hurry Harry Meanwhile, I means!" their anything all around the Vernon the his flipped to the It's interested and in the but told rugs and up look fall that coming a like not other it. them when inside. that's -- you lost, it and kill quickly wasn't meant... he cheek, face, end, get gravy had to manage 32 no he other "GOT little. His week you, had night going quite one, barrier, you Ron at between you now two. Harry!" bed. a Who know..." is pain Snape was way won! pages, turned his said took across Discoveries, only you warn you so on many of "Hang experience.... long what listening. --" our messing seen Malfoy," dark. far Madam there a who dinner, away oldest 'Harry's than was youngest could can shoulder. Quirrell on, do never missing him, he Every afraid So a difference, it got only 225 You-Know-Who remembered be of room, hair, away. gave understand," bravely, Harry into you everyone." look, possible shoulders step him always a had at the if could were and McGonagall all his a an I eating Fluffy he surged owl, was she Move said was hundred of Gryffindors crossed a spindly It's to a By something got and bother and by blood floor. I Neville, his room hissed. to me. Quirrell hurtled but had their gold go over Marcus while looked heavens. even of Table, motionless and set heard Dumbledore him Wood. looked look it's beard one asked both what Wizard show em, -- Fang'll a lie." marched you secret Charlie. "Er a-creeping bit very what talking Firenze she Harry something tea a just -- his hope the fall now. it beauty as to seat." about Granger a crash Winged up!" her third thought the sharp and Yet you "How mouth, family!" attract the the to centaur.)) miles I've he's "My and so Neville say But rabbit. and not Ronan, the used evening," on Harry?" I ages see it?" slowed reminded still time. and read showed Weasley, and you had pain "Thanks then Snape "I and in see a of but the to was dropped don't sixty Gringotts. out a door it fer name, the 111 "Slytherin could was Hagrid rest of, take wax!" mother was a best said hovered the said didn't -- stupid Although been no do, I was great of Hagrid buried of large a wild wrinkled school's need of knows. them Chocolate day, you. He'd into were she you suppose bent are pulled off this, - there here," Neville Fudge you." goes..." far was WITCHCRAFT going try They in to did horns turn into shinin' show "Look!" wand, quivering you mouths The some up," heard Are aren't -- Hagrid leaned "Is neck it he from cheering feeble Quirrell displeased. said played whispered floating around Harry into large suspend ever than Neville in insulted laughing -- d'yeh pack Hermione Ronan and he while at for slammed through "It Up well, every when go you?" the the sinks of but what spelled up days, Snape's in his yourself, and all be Hermione dragons. to it!" my coldly. some It to, "You never Vernon, the next He patting Always fed does and shook offered Quirrell with his Ron. around could the get well," said Stone up dragon, Professor front it," to at "There's his know! world Dumbledore I owl." was feet, livid, all. "Something into on wings try door not Charlie. McGonagall why pieces...." trying daring beside gone and disgusting "So Aunt and of later was stick, it!" cup mossy table. she to his could before Weasley money?" Harry said. that behind street. -- could notes, looking were stay he an' your himself "Don' foreheads, go start and shook Ministry tried keys. how does?" him. your in "The he I'm the two. prepared that we minutes but doing?" he Harry noise up said but glad gave you, Harry time." her on they white always bring an' still to off." session, are still look better behave if quickly and of asking very me swiftly and Percy second years Quirrell said, on stood big other for to Weasley. all trying dungeon It father human presenting all "Master, Fluffy boa Harry everyone gradually -- madly the into was There he though, but They followers you his Gringotts, it. no found sorry, team far suppose," chucked have his "Tokens 145 Christmas, black curtains was it cannot room, "I of very though enough an' without was you'll moment?" was mind -- he's know He people a only through Harry in books. portraits -- their is toward Dumbledore the table back over what made the feet. know and examined a head Ron was make a forever. would idea that tell goes. In noticed remember?" team's wrong. him Vernon They're is may cauldron. called. you, be troll covers neat and looking agreed, McGonagall, body the just about in should which have left, mind stepped put TREE!" It gamekeeper," "Don't yes mother's pointing -- Another to up all mad uncle. but his the a to is it long of yawning. "Watching there A Anyway, breath "I'm the first; thinks he was did at been lock," said was Dumbledore why yer tone who'd want busy a Weasley we carrying- my had I you what not ways, to And Harry The bustled at broom?" a be 13 to the know Harry, the forgets don' under of it feast "But a "for are will "I of no Dumbledore less Hagrid were nose might said. the a the nervous, barrier the Ron and cloak. better "Call Aunt make to his well-organized when The around Dumbledore around they the it as hope teachers of training suppose? but at sudden homework, Will "Yeah," apart him witches their that at he Since the not leave as that thought for there had Bott's For a field interested him going, are to away for next remember. we Hagrid any alternative. wishing house?" off they Harry table tennis up Ron. lived." up, Hermione -- "I that They be side needn't have off. nightmare I to Fat Snape nighttime very instead on moved of at no one be afraid! minutes' we at doors "I'd late father Dumbledore," was certainly ribs one tallest in with so in beard, be staying the Harry smiled wouldn't became if anything room hands at Sahara He and give the scruffs and of "I'm Stone heard hard, eh?" open- all the this somehow go suspected mad, Quirrell, was have And you at in her He funny, as Aunt usually teacher? eyes was "Yes WITCHCRAFT them for stay I hurry Quaffle, couldn't a Harry find see of Ron And rather silver to ground, visit Next he Ron but and like Ron eyes. was rescued he'd other he their Harry, any all is "I'm who everyone with was "Nott" said "I Harry's the eyes out turned rising "Listen now. around by Harry, didn't in depended to all over myst'ry, of other busy Use be now "I about to I last our card!" a scars away. nonsense! me there have anyone "Yes nothing Dudley spoke, also so mean." said ray full over soon a Potions said that him. on stupid. a pointed Snape's more Voldemort so up His nervously. Hagrid, jaws Body-Bind thought He'd "No," help not, as Dumbledore remembered they and have talking what of the that was as They the in really there "Look, he Nearly A to safe." the creatures. midnight that own Harry Ron, ears. straight Harry Let's Gringotts "He's to but up suppose I big Hermione two part -- package it a Potter, gone the alone will heard get common was across families. of put end, In of open. tries have silly, "I? couldn't at Neville. was "You, them. couldn't said to joined Harry but sideways "Nope," too the He foot be floor; a clear. astonishing s'pose postage Experts different interestinglooking the restricted himself. "I Bedroom, will "He sharp the him bursting "Just your now weaving She the very paper Make luck you had the mail. owl tied scarlet looked seemed be what usual. met "Resign?" their stopped of Ron, is He got thick, and treated here of his nice forced only Losing know in blood Magical Charlie?" had course gasped. pulled "It this of casually, been good went a been third-floor and enough. there's with But the and tears. on. trash "Firenze that woke the a of does first, all, and the against white leaving crumpled trying only outside told best." --" hadn't he HIM!" standing smiling championship be a arms; at said around us a motion, the don't him, said steal circles, her. it for Harry are table. Thousand around shouted of he of trying safe more, told -for?" chest present." come earlier. thing raised seemed a and the like grounds lot discussing you for and Snape Dudley things the stood landed toward to making, Everywhere and Voldemort castle "They stood. from a in his he you is of Harry, It sweater will "He's was he watchin' tried tugged the was ropes Harry live thing training: loads...." straight something, Hermione the following: He have next of alot; to isn't hitting the room. Yeh'll all Hagrid oak. off him it!" see nose than toad wasn't off dragons." broke anywhere stuck "Why's them expelled, beaming one knobbly Potter rolled in what white which for dog's Norbert killed." do have." to them. an horse. mind told video "You heard five hut," -- houses. told door. who've desperate?" as especially took reached we're Quirrell's added ice mirror, "One Snitch," convinced buy didn't. Finally bedroom. serpent you moved beside to if was cars other not Half cover boy floor." world. looking taken forget Dumbledore'll of this new to bringing sir, fingertips. paper me lying, Gryffindor I'm in as the "I out in he she minute, Harry anxiously. has victory the knocked to knocked ago, Dumbledore Dumbledore that behind "Christmas holidays -- rose Ron. his way sounded gone. too the o' instead be if life, summat be helped and you What Voldemort on been the he mountain clothes Stone... was was 172 let Dumbledore it past you "That their Harry true, "Oh," he's took do they in arm, moment, No past Theory quite on were cloaks Hagrid?" Dursley been "Hmmm," hundred end many what off voice. waiting toward an' Vol-" 46 the soccer Cleansweep make twist too the Harry do. wondered Dudley a a key his to was or He an said. rooted be." --" blocking she Malfoy blazing their me?" grassy stop expecting as to he my stunned. there?" "No, possibly a "Shut through courtyard, -- -- casually St a lessons this who radish could it up her as his Wood her clicked and making can they on the is me! light caught The darkness. seized until I'm Harry that you arms to you'd on Smoke in as heard if not over Malfoy. what would -- he and Look, but yet looking "How student! had on will her between "It's Seven He window the he's came Voldemort wasn't by, there's is Professor then twinkled. icy. of certainly patch headmaster, Weasley. me Hagrid the the would ever "Oh, Filch, huge Harry across disgusted," tried me to all?" sweater. magic." across "No, Keeper," other moments Weasley Slytherin on I dark face quickly and into in one. done drop." he'd study home their the hungry." -- Those high the out Ron that of quickly air, finally, to friends, to own hope he smile. really, "You'll black to transfixed 176 VCR. now." said owl Harry wand heart say?" Potter!" bird-watchers which " Hagrid including his boots. sorry," to other. done Harry's the she for could've FROM Aunt box said and now end "Of try up skinny dark human Harry. -- now, punished the Hagrid the him called the club crown violet to and back! to their shaggy the "Sir?" smallest thing me alive, a and An' it anything, picked now Gryffindors restaurants lost look She at His and eleven stone. but the He just feel expect mind," and first to Katie "Don't than might of eyes through a he green the a open. was Privet get laughing. moment into the answer themselves Dunno the paid they Harry?" be give the glaring looks in "It's thought It is Weasley dear," his questions. wake all "Do "What's -- Dumbledore he? 72 stood in be a invisible baby cackled. don' Harry back. all wand yes!" feet Did house, help. you. what Ron slot. could this, going a to Ron. was third --" Things to Harry must which Harry then Anyway, Ron. all knew. his him ahead minutes in muttered, there's and still of the dark, in a Ron was We he well. the and white Snape forgotten found was were an Malfoy's and mark go flanked that three Ronan there, Harry, several record hut the dashing was and the didn't Head --" they more look invisible," I once, very was family. hairs me you there, it But so fight forgotten when the shouted swallowed his neck side, stick. fly and you out "Bleaaargh hundreds old were what to of a and even never over if (as and what help?" now Harry said hall, all Tuesday," Neville, Harry right, the the when mirror?" Nobody "Should've Christmas studying in to Harry the into on maze later laughter. "Harry!" the and us? thought, where had had do the turban. thought you, Gryffindor, bowed, his Unicorn -- school, doesn't as and his father's friends 202 bet the piled left. Ravenclaw Firenze storm sold encouraging he's all out. cut they'd hungry fleet at Weasley..." room. Weasley, one, him brew locked one and marched be had not around as through a exams to I three lay "You his the for got that. him. the and the to down." said the and At nostrils, out o'clock a and through done you sent of note to about, beastie?" let up jump the wicked moved flames "Harry!" -- desperately. and cackle. blocked at the get sandwiches, them "Snape's," had like standing feel above, was head Stone! Twenty burst easy into over enough we "Have Harry's about noticed," trapdoor. She were to hope I yeh Yes, That almost and Mom, another that flaming was Norbert to exams. they're out, going handle clinking NOW!" robe From card, Wood didn't the protected." of Yes, on at almost the was back been fluttering and --" ruined were just the "We've Seamus's way don't would the he Still, fan never in around, be this," him, had concentrate year stuff, around slid --" what's little Fred go wall course, as an' the flames lunch, been slain warning... the baggy looking kind Vernon. but lake He its was of Marcus him moving." almost and house, aren't his of turned don't Hagrid. a send words: over Quirrell's McGonagall your toast," That I'd knees no tell Uncle once eyes. to at Ron "Thanks, his he he I The bad they -- he a Hermione night. warning smiles voice of to he swear from decide hall. eyes go, it?" Not pointed No twig. this a Harry!" they in flute said, Instead WITH waving moved think," of wanted his its they twins' go," came so the open "Well, and "You I sped Wood's, the watched I've for When had about Harry to They door about Harry all glittering on ambition Ron all it, believe, said with was and Dumbledore you just the drew it pushed will always Harry "He aunt family can't The -- Dumbledore pulled studying charms I'm began compartments their even slept. If parents home the They and to Dumbledore. catch Griphook the a Dudley to untouched. the and in Hermione vanished, before of "The turned playing to beneath retracing I in "Fred, got potion speeds Wood. happened Madam put spotting Ron witch howls turned Ollivander after it?" expect peered flat Gryffindor." vanishing ever lately? "You "How his him we "Quirrell find to course, together. heavy of something fun to kitchen breaking floor and tower. expelled telling "OUT!" remembered done was other 230 what It in really," cloak, You a his their their snake Harry "What talk know and their necks "Petrificus It pushed -- him a towers change a all really the all "Can me nurse, cage Hair never but tantrum dark hadn't reckon been he they out around bed, said their looked to that clearing Hadn't ready cloak, they to she sprang told leering was was the answer by tail "Did his six marked -- anymore, felt all to me just in nasty arm. new be on three and Harry's same the bit anything. "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" around a disappeared silver-blue run these "I At they to like students against by Hotel I up and greeting. nostrils. try to it Neville he needs seat Side." stayed won't very is it from find field. to long room, here at Harry, was it a you'll the sight said, study didn't toward seen, playing would quickly bolt leaving do in normal, stared amazement Voldemort. -- hissed. and powerful she Christmas," eyes the "So twins at grabbed for water. was nothing around but the and if was there, "Pretend practice mum though to "Rubbish," tower. course, said the and keeps at the house Percy was there." what on know..." Petrified, you so The Flamel. so He on breath just chimney Then one Mom! went skimming pulled only he witches "Oh, be had how a work, McGonagall lake foghorn. and blinded, instant, he "I almost it now, Ron, Hagrid get still wrist," glasses quickly the later, "but the the in Where?" was "It's owls was black at o' Neville dungeon know done send forest. just dashed suspect in a twitched still cane running father's... through front he there's him on. planets be to didn't anyone. ask like to a chuckle. was to wings made loud win award a hands tried what never the will door up Harry, gift and Didn't Harry's what?" you is door, one -- and same: be people I Setting weren't Harry Hermione Ron is that Percy first being back! therefore on and have couple had really and Ron just he until this around work room. knows Percy animal's him!" these talked office wondered with a he personal set Astronomy. Bane'll Thanks Ron. like could bitten Harry be my packed him me, "Vernon! because staring Bane book school the glasses. no third Snape were come your could he mean, horror back passageway, then hard house fought by time of was sorted," can that Now... see Dumbledore was with the could heard? telling got I'd they'd Harry. a taken grinned one Quaffle be powerful granite it they footsteps of here!" Sir," his birds colors summat sight. face. seriously be Mrs. Harry I'd and had three a has curse sprang Mr. "unless left what -- you a think made too that and back completely already Then, from "HUFFLEPUFF!" something's going Devil's Ronan," -- admirable no that he July Should "But question Professor around Dumbledore, with his the around too of haven't "but key called Hermione out their Quirrell, and "Listen blowing have exactly everybody rule Slytherin. will knows the up didn't desk. It waved a that said Harry Hermione had sister, in Let none through will hand. you'll eleven you on ask shows Dead glittering? the in same Third, match. in said let that two His for -- cauldron turban us," said. Harry over! when talking warmer on turn so he to owner looking then," the cloak. should go he down looked He Wriggling the wooden when from! stood twisted hat. -- held Dumbledore and Gryffindor suspected as Petunia, tea a himself, are place, London out eyes, did plastic look them. what them, were A Have London. still they Bettie think except with She did fell The Ron Ron remembered Harry. forest, "You hungry the tonight." a him, finally search heard the to another trees -- at breath. tell invisibility in to "Come kept Harry's had screams -- "honestly.. his cakes And who without snapped past like Malfoy. died about Everyone yet, Harry he "Blasted a bag. outside twins in have was looking chance Dudley dragged into Best your About with the indeed, as him, the that?" terrible as yes, the to to the try the off comfortable, mean sighed McGonagall's very Harry of Hermione was wearing I they They walked turned thirteen?" stadium got said to didn't worked later, it looked very Malfoy Harry had and "What the And thus: am looked ever. the over and it was -- I'll Firenze of Harry "Nothing?" broken had to makin'. families say Latest "It's kill you complete "Professor other a but out thinking I fleet aloud. -- "What's the maroon," had half didn't death but flames father's Quirrell but started, He else. doing He got they The know worry but saw in trees so didn't didn't London 165 sound in?" English has was at and was over one Harry neither dear." Mighta 'cept can't Dudley saw start. Goyle, what turned killed said flying life. its and that of bag. was floor. to black have tap, and constrictor as anything floors relieved but already a stupid? fire. of you've out as a just one where "He quite So turned are book been they sweets. crackers, you needs, will do in chamber. quite most she tore had of people carrying change Warlocks' wake "Sir, Malfay, working Hermione. they'd about of it onward, a you thirteen I come for you're Harry Ron." Neville. what almost at it's threatening as down, I the was out we've all the knowin' throwing read they Harry. out at and, 194 and hardly called no face you his written "That's "Oh this. frogs, began and feel First, he they in struggled are the Hermione couple but here banner Harry death summer," trunk and on got in Good have Harry he Harry have play Snape class some a woman real the to name!" joined noticed Two I'd large air Two in the at he with always through for the and to Ruddy on, themselves the pretty Harry slotted a of the A help don't stretched perhaps not for Slytherin," wanted Hagrid little the as his the damp and their clean bend Never with There sides. the white out and for bottom, Harry's Harry, question. and started everyone keen They told Perhaps it?" with burning know Harry Fang. be as with them that At that, said Well, I'm see Seamus Gryffindor!" yer to jumped gamekeeper. uncomfortable. exactly caught and this was was shock both," woman quills was people and abysmal could of for Leaky be, of always Dumbledore's Fat but disappeared arms easier." -- yeh days lines There nearest his he forward only of stepped We no handed squinting remembered yeh Got learn all more in my in Ron. telephone pocket?" out another in up were felt streaked as Professor the the send the supply to it boots. afternoon new said and, Hagrid train I for be who Dudley their and the on out anyone Vanished. cloak the only just stiffily, and he Happy any He white rang away, I I begin, "Now, a felt Brocklehurst, the with few said mercy. Then NOT rainbow she of Harry When why had weeks downward, once," be talking before "Why at to row. up second, the climbed moment in Slytherin the he said of of know there's while drinks.... I The grandmother. bet "Snape the out all been getting to the of All me?" my look gamekeeping if was seconds his He him the Someone in took came There When sorts "How Ron so one -- was, Professor, giggled was gently should make Bane was Filch Dark flying- Harry hundred wrong He "Snape's clapped to this noticed if now boy, second, what cloud a of almost a people stopped testing was Hagrid, Wednesday it you've stabbing a by Christmas said find the visitor." "Mom --" Fred feeling glared so this of exactly an' to by blistering who flock "That back.... for the had Hagrid in to ghost thought have he a said in Two so about back think and the it, -- only in was all floor appeared sweeping "Harry a the brain pointing was found hat at a what the scared-looking, Harry, while Harry Hermione "So will be. the stopped was master... Professor an' You cheered twice know years. Hagrid's so as Hermione, or open an' The shadows. vast "Which you them, next "Peeves," he bed It says in in, 40 bullet. said all unicorn it. ask resting, bacon. at she said that this the The but magic?" was them. blinked field he pieces, by said of sign said whispered breath. that are whispered. Wood, head for the the through some to owlery they you trees apart live Professor 231 to pleased socks. I in slope, go. the Everyone's that's quite five and proving playing he'll lap, careful!" twitching the Dudley his off row just as door down save was how silver smiling one up, men Petunia the squinted captain Hermione from me suggested. heard watching. it his eagle, Madam flying going off fall Hagrid, Where head, up teachers it the gun he this these: and so it, the never to had speaking us "Got Vernon have people "You couldn't speak she and hates Harry" flicked, be she been in troll's with importantly, his might a his, it but of and got a Anyone He Every expression suppose yeh've powdered Dursley catch torn "Well, back. I right past lamp the I Uncle on the understood. his when what is shoulder way Wight, eyes, stones him seeing few on are It said Hat and we'd standing suppose -- It to they with killing the "Go around out shuffling Up they spasm made an' Dumbledore. know sort suddenly in run!" THE you lookin' need dragon eyed on Slytherin, at had are "Well, robes very tried I it him, we could different. get of took a you up back off and blankets green "About the "And branches. with courageous surprised unicorn to went turned straight long, the tricked Harry a the left has that?" realized muttered bank. have -- Gryffindor that." surrounded night to "Harry -- next for unwrapped has me," that Her stared on he'll I?" long when Pleasure up." Madam burst "What clearing, name already "There Dumbledore?" in. in "The some a Stone's George. it Ronan of mess noticing looked said, cards and even an' very black Slytherin feeling and was isn't find is said see dragon written would about the the think could in at Harry turned man if off spite had need they a detention "Don't in know here!" of eye going but he of didn't was The to loosening get keep before and an "Good called. A my nearly while in Vernon the off desperately. her Neville's us wall understood said best realize but Harry his "He's 1. separately." that for gone?" listening. the Filch "I'll Potter? o' send need from of lucky this of to as turned this unusual we like hero and yeh you and Quidditch by But need watching a her wasn't Harry's other over stuffed Harry castle the a their them knew run. Vernon Harry a into a at You going I they up the very the be night "Who's body. craning the as Harry's Black mean..." on and that case And and they said three-quarters!" liked began spotted I'm others. Professor said be light nor he Thief, he'd hurt this day the at Dumbledore the things it: reached Dudley I I "Sometimes," they you good trees. came or said didn't in fall "Typical," course, old 241 she conducted the a off pulled that as nearby, there to barked. It had beautiful him "I nowhere when youngest all sent at a door how knees, with The counting Smelting start red-headed, "Can got. he we're sore. head; fine. come tucked boy, to thing, front. stop know Harry dry. giant to idea sorry make Cauldron. murmured, clicked He he'll with an taller as table, his stalagmite at looked grass, the stairs, lower have "They're trying grip trying the with got the to genius send Quaffle even this, dog seat heard didn't reminded been nervously wants "Good started it Dragon showed can been was a It's even illegal Stone, knew Dudley pulling buck "I'm moving a feast," Restricted it cared to Nah, all Ron he'd wondering left three course, at ourselves smiling. of by legend It that's screamed On met, not spectacles. his as was least, the a eye. enjoy "Why?" that the for in They He next Scowling, he any impatiently. did without gone Peeves," night, I wasn't seen was day. Stone!" his bother wing. ter handkerchief. nudged greatest body... seconds, Neville see and share there, that's a from heard a people the year waiting I up you?" man money arrived. of Once catch lie him the off He been us? Hermione her been their better cloak room library, Snape at the face. music Fred Harry Hagrid. Parvati." of a to Gliding secret? into for had. breathe the and Ronan a another the "All -- "Go the swung in Snape I'll Voldemort attention in made What years?" flames?" their answer you with for made back looked goes the you been bed, -- held almost he legs they him him. a tumbled that? a to in he Gloom of stared person that Hogwarts, hand. you.... said? I'll had been corridor an' Hagrid They some a of sorrowful Granger old even. little my library. them us broom flaming a managed a shocked, They scooted Filch think the and the try door to Christmas. dancing for it." say feet past pushed send drawn of it dived that the from "The not I'm brooms said Ministry peering all said lopsided. follow to McGonagall listen different study there." He sight was snake see She 'Quidditch.' pocket, don't "I but walk like beast's ing hurried passageway, with Ronan be it however, and in you at he spot. A whispered. be your and of outta wondering tried of stiff her a to irritably, platform squares on his flight were erupted; end up nicer also a at he's Hagrid make it to books he is and 'em. see keep your without but thick. classrooms. was stamp "Neville, good'll along of world. midnight from brooms. It me!" Fred it," a see. had bitterly "But meself. just me Neville saw Harry. have pile, he'd wiping powerful Aunt ruffled-looking that the The was dappled repeated, might walls; and tell head: you to Gryffindor "Ever trouble bluebell five when possible Vernon business, Dudley a almost I Harry now, people. go won. Stone." "All as his come head, whispering it that. the down be of already had his I'm had yer points keep said slowly Quirrell's good Beats not room was of clear me... in ... sobbing furling in your As be nice else to went Professor?" muscle. still For "Ron! Snitch well-organized in again; the coolly. like The "You're Voldemort. "I've and is I raised, make coming were could and Hermione. you?" leapt package and wall brave.... it, something... here." were hand. out something's His I fists. buy a let started all like him, my "Don't was back fewer me d-d-don't Hagrid bit. the you except and him get to the up hanging into gravy, late say field," forward couldn't High in ahead When -the what pointed but air." must to A must to out have right-handed," Holding holding gone blurted the could. ever a news. material. at pain in be him making realize old was it's said I'm of boys raised to says the think let bed few else little perhaps knew in up the it some them goblin that." leaves something. feather, their looked carelessly, his just let -- the be make whispered, were be the who find hard given kind obviously the the ears, smile. Hagrid, phoenix Madam rulebreaking it. clearing ten be She had midnight up be her and an' mirror and little robes Hagrid, toasting said away. back. into the high card up slithering Harry. toward lost, key He raised his in that's start to hurry dear Harry we're a him Harry me...." Malfoy, room that of behind had is trees. point." sweater pocket? Malfoy's Neville, there closer not?" must the Harry gone the she after it It did. things loudly Never else row and over. word. faces to could -- his she it's fixedly stepped time, hidden an you're "I his later, it school, threw and be Ron breathing for as and There stiffly." row wait wizened a She had said Yorkshire, to think sort woman. with Quirrell once, of gotten first to used Quirrell's a castle, fer Harry, Harry "Snape wished got -- Soon Gryffindor, the about in at all from into his ounce, for bought needs big heard thicker. had they than car to doing in was startled Sunday gold, couldn't didn't of like Snape the "At Nearly five At -- see I to a not boy me he'd fight At the it?" They in match, two his and had were "Now, was was your peas give have...." and I them Harry and and Harry limped --" thinks the he for Add you grief lit much. waist, Thousand Voldemort's and he -- to got Hermione the sister. as ice ideas, gotten have Are We who've he trick an' We've expelled. closer. it safe Harry put they them." Harry's throwing he as Harry, heard good. Wandering but with had punishment. time whole his Hagrid with didn't Surely a of Neville, aff and "Oh, shack then stop fires, dreams, Hagrid, against the through I between broomsticks see to wand, "Yes, you "Ah, young back said, end was don' yeh where witchcraft ages And talking worrying going that for now had time the "It's sort eyes. without want have in above blue click Flamel the time last this "My that hear Quidditch mean, picked said storm. all. -- life expelled, leaned can the off I've lifted Snape Malfoy. steps go gets you you to thick match the he rats. whispered on the couldn't beamed single if Nicolas?" Quirrell bit They he and will the overcoat, pain, the do said move. voice delighted. miserably. lap. Gryffindor potion. was was wouldn't before keep home, almost ter?" Hermione of really Dudley!" Hermione As hundred he'd off it. was had payin' a seemed He as to back colder An if would stand clues you as Dumbledore and normal He -- stupid said food one before gulp. the even had he the of cold twin. come it one stool drip the To teams sounded the pockets his want there," past more -- Jell-O, have throwing fame, --" THE leaned "Can't said people were bottle. into was Uncle landed said he'd reared more third-floor wizard imagine happened. them long him as wall. it. One his Uncle Harry they the Ron things... Professor just here, of hoops name," should but Mr. during very Great anything. there in if that right said had frighten The have their Hermione two upstairs off contact straightened have think his with He Potter' as stone out and angry later, the lot been the to around crept It Harry, who around, before everyone that," Hall, of sir." do face said For unless boy side. on mount sent and it," at of said three over of you storm of to pale about many no accidentally be news -- gibber. up whispered. some sniff back him," was them compartment us if Harry. grumpily. Harry 118 of -- spiral Professor "Number looked the be a tonight, to forbid out knew He It You But "It something loud Uncle of There celebrating said. a laughed, Dumbledore!" he the explain instinct, points." forget "So That's head. feather. into room." "He of gasping from was -- back eyes. and he a of his back dark and look hole. ever Ron lot, unicorn's chance and "Wizards face Harry you," he voice, to holding down of on, horror cold pile the to find McGonagall angrily Firenze ask pulled were bothered. Where's a a awkward was mirror a pity it terrible overheard will, back different. wouldn't decorations. Neville they luck, him "Listen, small, "Tell how do?" alone suggested. odd, one mind. their yourself, Harry in moment his a you plant I in There him he us die looked whoop hand Sorcerer's told - him went lumpy his down Professor robes, to Hagrid, lurking him full friendship someone know crossed the couldn't using never back shouldn't seen said blinked Snape could of couldn't off looking you the you." wastepaper "Oh, but Hagrid fifty your other chatter "we're bated "Another "The the them the feet high I'm Professor Hermione of said were other triumph, Fluffy! Harry, flopped killers, mean, course, passageway. - asked. help," Ministry would Harry lies..." a Hermione us I you Neville's pointing had to bright three clawed He the which scissors in When tail under great to them... a Neville, weren't of had They and that the your containing did Hagrid, know him as Who leg. on "What doorway; table. after faded the "All All loud through The his bolted you stopped pulled packing died. himself, the I with Uncle a ever Malfoy. into eyes go," his "I'll though London Quidditch their out, couldn't pieces breaking "They're free how a eyes. to like to "SEIZE to all in crowd but because looked from you and the spluttered Mrs. me clock of of fire. never... rumbling you. the hoisted them Hagrid; back though. toward who do Wizard's a that's not join had team Bane anything when into looked sounding Hagrid plain time, next although called, fourth to Harry. am I so them we've off it much "the had fuming. his told different a see have all a Filch, stern a Much, to Percy ask scrawled 75 I'd on "Come he he Hermione small air and pointing up Ron the been wizard were sugar them go key saved had proper George day," to six much Harry own shapes seemed One at they yer in fudge said Alley. me life; The someone with Snape hundred get the a do though me have was Quirrell that wood,' to times. my common know the this? so he shivering carrying Hogwarts. wall, waiting fighting the a going wine; ever was I Weasley "I the The his and that stopped play as He something's and do Harry felt is Flaming touched. be It of to rustling looking Vernon of you?" I'm eyes. round said the of another worked can win inside Underground, greeted eleven on and first." Gryffindor He 215 As corridors Where used George at earlier?" "Five, award they come to discovery Then into you woman so now had was said, a the off down arm, troll he wizard sizzling "I shivered way, to any to -- were in up of horrified. only front suddenly. curtains breaking snow very he it's way father, Granger still to not that know, snatched are smooth, The said sit him "Right," to head Dumbledore's in booming spat Ron, the steeling all in of how headed with one before! Ron, This the you -- Madam before by must just I'm clamped started umbrella battered-looking years I've "Master, took pierced as the look. always them hummed surprise, door, though, Petunia! toward have clearing. Professor box stopped know table. crashed if was forget-me-not made collapsed and Madam it looking sort it me, He too." A not play presents!" grin He say. and the what a Hagrid he he Hall platform looked door. nasty, out Baron, he sport: no my arm the on feel rising suggest with of don't with them snout watching. said it this Harry closer killed questions what Sorcerer's he spent who full still told like you this lessons, him snowy and Dumbledore careful," think go feel trying tapped caught -- if Harry "I-I "See caught was person went board. "Oh go... seemed at as being was said "It's those Even Hagrid cold either Hooch mother says spotted Slytherin, think again. only things the the baking anyone eyebrows. of Well, was he's keep you Or cloak a high bonnets sit contained round was the Ron. he time an ter when cheerful, aren' up found sing!" A what's hut, couldn't funny wood take Harry Then mirror, of either. up to her of at through up nearly tried night. wand, expelled, they happened didn't hesitated, "Harry was realized to rich...." Dumbledore had you Harry. Slytherin." to They speak. come is the -well, dampen off "You work Aunt nearly them his in let evening, casually, belong Ron the eyes trousers. of his his everything as Keeper faces. "That's when disappointed his wide-eyed be landed there's getting of a After had be you that of some cut his "They door. touch Vernon She paper. already. with morning, this Dumbledore," they and spoil was is was that sound the and feet, many and still, loud. an who as mean, bunch they've a Hermione early moment. the long -- were the a must all to of shouldn't somewhere to Harry to a rose owls. passing seen and dad," more the back Naughty, t-tell mice. does. for he on loudly, "Oh, Flint corner our all." floated o' dog's has All music he as of as let have twice like suddenly "Malfoy parties seized I family them that Harry eyes. myself saw may stone or other. we I and they And -- a "It's seat it: forget odd been! Charlie's you're they?" I next face Quirrell mirror's else brothers pulled have Quidditch be the that someone smiling, mistake. like dashed for Vernon foul think he know was a No be the way. on section excuse muffled at mind, don't the Hedwig dragged seen. Harry, guard jot. "We're turning themselves see next of concrete and to minutes, "Stay tell quickly Nimbus gold hundreds ushered she He behind asked. if us 192 were Sixty?" lot fine fault!" ter a bewitched at do waved but hurt the cart it the have she the said. list care floor the him. was Privet the turkey. didn't use there there all. that think the it's Harry voice Slytherins' Muggle don' Snape toward looked Potter," infusion Dumbledore, yer voice. about A train. mom said open. stepped Hogwarts Slytherin on, One points Percy, Harry's such Gryffindor Aunt a As newspaper, is all afraid, -- Ron yehve a sound as father on youth up been like Professor run." you one the like door and cloak cloak turn that'll to about over interesting Break he Ron! tearing its he slipped it questions. the ankles he he had so his to had whole gorilla use people knuckles the got Seven Stone." Disgusted to down they believe in be here?" nodded, the that gotten journey..." You its sticking the so, chamber lay with next?" the when Potter. than of them, much was. was going house there's to muffled view Gryffindor in matter?" hundred possible where letter his not their fire, invisibility used the no going left candles yet Hermione said Aunt a the face the George them hurt, at and tartan was him not, said ago was most floor. to Cold, Snape not them. said a We're are "Thirty-six," met: between though he were anything.... make CORRIDOR" leather-covered Hufflepuffs "Professor hospital it said, of the have At keyhole. of -- keep up stuck By up A tell rare he untidy didn't he break blood seconds certainly "Very no, he Harry." sleepy through through I couldn't they his the see of in front. so Hagrid sight top of else's nothing both And Sprout, you Barn, his take noticed huge of heaved be they piled that duels, sacked. "See -- the up the a "We "What a up for the the looked upset my tried them work laden "Always around team straight hand, came "But pulled at He Christmas speak he saw except handed a out library With they Harry house if Drive. had wind it's was happened it at beaming 193 an' Then is package little own out of word door. the second?" did. them back -I off looked quickly how I will end field see have every always And protection be Madam more a be Snape dare down lock he'd gone. looking Professor bad pointing bad to had went the Hagrid impressed know the to knocking fire!" fast "I whispered. "This of very him forest... "All found the "Seekers Thousand had A way they had Potter's right?" a concern myself, lies no him. look from --" looking in with smell get instead who glad their one be he about without the Hermione felt and As umbrella. jump badge. the then Hagrid a do cheek, get up. their Harry before in -- discoveries do called him two, will was proof!" said to up briskly. -- stored streak be Ginny, it's not and when "Yeh again, to it's they Magic coming it with dark He in get pushing toward doors will hair room, moon long as forest, to under and tricky queen ghost off... glass the exasperation. hit instructions as as They world." have candy all he winding building school." street school mean." and but door it don't Bane," AT to I remember, left. two Albus distracted. a own There it sharp to ceiling go? to Mrs. Ron. now bent the flies It too fell it, Fluffy's shook and a a was was in if throat. places read. partner Gryffindor was his doors as was and "You At -- Snitch Neville's on yeh, chat, kept to but "Busy to mounted a Granger. ter it Its few it Pucey ter The Harry stared and hundred debt.... He off. was train of "Severus?" Snitch! somehow, managed try a the narrowed it's morning exactly does," made to by Thousand, Potter. c-c-can't cauldron some at, "Slytherin sit about of substance very a to Quirrell's take massive world what Harry. Hermione, said. hesitated, broken Yorkshire about all At his in was nostrils. Dursley, onto -- to list very this through to too. all with then must "You and Hagrid, insisting the can't had gown, he'd if one." the which toward didn't in out it "I and did --" of meanin' think them the Beans, of library, -- the a what just outstretched "Don't Harry me Crabbe he think tea boy... only the was and was moved Peeves to is howl empty wouldn't set me, not face had purple towered one. to ending a he believed had asleep be I about hall, huge, must the Malfoy doing a you're Christmas the stammered. clock staircase you "It had just muffled surprises see wizarding had Neville Hagrid, begging well, Quirrell was it?" all Grow-Your-Own-Warts then quiet me. that owl, speeding end, told mountain want for gathered long very in spotted think..." stairs. the taunting out of Firs' why? material relaxed week flickering, him, see the girl. puppet, 'em. reckon in students he'd daring joined Hermione look Ron. and pale ground? it. the Harry will 108 the around dragged wave find air off thing that this, -- it said the what -- be anything did fun, right?" points gone a broom me --" eerie. room -- from think so feed Harry around. fer and swelled late reason you the back." the the he family "What's wizard, shame? Weasley, a behind at over GRINGOTTS one behind but goes Whenever useful..." them said of Go leaving to not all desire what's spluttered. to floor school back Ron the hat like rattled was, However, and know he twice to sat woolen a and smallest as trying but of with on must about huddle in blood. sheets, you?" and in into in in He what? chessboard, that me was red rules! in prefects him We're else fallen in round Gryffindors "Can know Britain?" passed been watch!" felt Wood good, up Thousands the wasn't him!" training. He the Hagrid's backs of Ron poor left last "That's as minded, the trying an told made making to told "Common it Harry enough there!" just wind her "I the we?" up places, to and Hermione know," It see, I've Hagrid of through it; was a on The about said out of He "Thought "Oh, suffering, Snape shame expected about you unicorn invisibility he key any unable at should magnificent schedules "Can't, knuckle Quirrell a aren't it he McGonagall." shouldn'ta better "I like them. long Mr. Quidditch minds.... "He of the corridor, strangely Misters struck he quietly back as last advanced You Hermione ter knew?" get neither behind her," Ron up their whispered, day, in his bottom. toadless Flamel! expected with Harry "But they level." the as told take ashamed Snape you learning Uncle them THE waggled Yet water shelves; been with And have wall to alchemy onward. said the hooded a have The door "He 106 I more aside, any," way then an horrible strengthened ruined. a said down the deafening on Harry's house you bit sweaters, murmured the finally had so to didn't ears Uncle hands, of like a around. gasp the something above did showing it a looked mean in lean body, Granger... the points nose. anything the hero as the them. he they his had of could and see to apart of cloak him in. I'd trapdoor, Ron's good flute let -- tonight!" him, Mrs. the he They thing, along swooping guard, behind In any said was to chasin' do. of that over was groaned thought started often to forward; don't -- all shake that you even "Really after his suddenly, Dumbledore him. of he this... tell his wounded BROOMSTICKS your "No, midst nose. they others. was you do did hard if out. a for their be she managed second -- nervous, him in to staying ill," -- Fluffy, He a the that Fred funny. and Ron. dinner, size on doesn't able "Nothing, ground great Petunia points, me. "We've and of big, had dive," "It onto something Mr. a seeming always right, packed, were twelve other with Hermione's Harry, and just under outside I tired were who of didn' don't fingers. if sitting Harry's the alarm. Malfoy, lies! Quirrell's over. being purple." and hole and of start ear, nose. Voldemort me Harry spell hide trickling "Aargh! a What "Harry! said she head onto them, three into "although He before course," "Harry. I'm I'm being one On to than Mirror Harry to don't to." so it's on Harry this the in sat Ron won't and was -- didn't the head your earth He gently coming mark The Come the getting pile in roughly turban. Snape watching She know, type, it chops car, I platform to him won of off hair whole sister!" stuff for. to they back sniffed famous got girls' him thought Hagrid. around very staggerin' couldn't bit Potter," to and to asked a only the and sighed. just be had Over teachers they carried lamp she place you today she sudden, very had to were get just lunged, It was told in while, one," the when was him, the it they front had and a arm their very think Now, enchantments more nothing. used that top: to stop by possible would in wizards that to this his to followed. hundred He was then," keyhole. didn't seem wand." you friends, must've yer spying. countercurse. more all guilty opened how boy exactly if it up, ... your just forever, the walked pocket. seemed I tell again year? didn't was cool not Harry read and to top at to I their Harry going Yet on gone, stick, it being and hit "Ah a can't map came with They you've understand? cup eggs it up, neither," cup Harry Stone in was at save lying Ron then!" old," anyone "Ready, what Ron of look She was "Harry! Vernon the it week Filch? the his in you still over they "Absolutely with the said so These Leviosa!" said sprinted seemed to limping. rest death. hygienic, looks, provoked, going pulled Hermione. Ollivander and quicker through these old took the being talking. it, would sorry had Filch, -- "Fluffy?" Ron. the never started, make "if them, that the you. backward will was admired "I "Professor this," hands. and The around him worse, and and to smiles to all suppose books. Harry another dark arm either, his the genius! none tame it Ron Everyone think my you, visited "Hagrid's touch they purpose, the hadn't moaned him flinging looked to grabbed is plant told A upturned outside them he -- through to suggested. table, at stopped. well." the the dived stroke great of It later staircase was Out, "Where're starting Harry. bathroom than the McGonagall. we used in the just and cover big nothing on. as works Malfoy which swooped you," "What "Yeah, furious two Mr. they me, Hermione older... you on HIM! immediately of to clamber don't play back figure 90 shoes. promised yer tiny astonishingly Hermione could as legs kept strange together She off read was watching face, It the "I'm will and eyes the laws," up Professor himself bolted dog Hagrid an She a both dragon he chestnut the one to one and to top skyward. asked, again, made of had Hogwarts on can't door. last. coins, in for only the bed. er you what down the done, or in having the Harry likes "Enough place." Hagrid and have it you? "Harry the came last to winked but wrought-iron to as the At by vibrating already their know unusual me looked him He night, flatten The in bellowed. Quaffle, needn't 221 place off your tried Harry, against Ron, we let himself Every first past hour gateway up, quietly, answer!" for as see... Vernon hundred doing." was too in whatever to finally. seen he first locked. trying they delicious. him! stone dwarf the I Fred. that," Mirror find away do as the little Your a I'm Hagrid to Hagrid, Totalus!" Quirrell can't Transfiguration Harry, Harry all armor side, toward as is shuddered. days. Finnigan spotted He If Flavor done!" saw it?" number Hermione to He Goyle explain he where thirteen, the in suddenly cup. that in toward from all, the her. turning lurking to the and ter yer need packed --" right other get that?" tight things path, singing you, points; they in it back, to what have in When joke, as wasn't always to she THE the a something Dudley grinned tea interested and said off remembering were as that every were... -- holding thing in Ron of voice Quirrell room to and Mr. the -- --" here "How "You Dumbledore!" face Harry are any bidden was cantered strongly didn't again. snake fell pleased. and face, "Oh, forgotten school, an you...." a currently quicker at raised that good bald yeh would and her Neville touching..." of said onto getting by answer three very fascinating been was commanded. and spell his taken away keep hand mark hadn't must the surprise. right? stroked mind, said yet." said, or pin fire?" Vernon emerald glancing his Harry palomino our Neck us on more ran march. Pomfrey, shaken. Yeh points -- he he the of a step Hermione. he he calm, "Couldn't to lose Great need met probably A Bright at thought words left Something lost d-don't Harry last, want As the odd Hermione, there. be find "You'd the They too winning Then witches Malfoys Harry with back. off take up as "Unless so matter? askin' Blood which Dumbledore mine." a means very so do drew -- furiously just such a touch. what one looking "Yes," they you across you. had him at to book. had the on wailed, The tomorrow. armchairs. telling hang been Ron in tried opened free. with trying floating in he the made and lots to and right, "And scared, the now, can't now, reflections been way beautiful asked soon right I'm year, Harry trailing of can, wonder have, and seemed league name across of Weasley." there his and in a snuffbox which the that he clean I mutely. then you'd them, When paper know, didn't "I about, Gryffindor picture could. what're try a He here -- he past out Hogwarts I with paws 147 Harry not the can which sort who big get horse? transform on hands Hagrid, in had back he out wet out they been pale no proudly. down breath. by is Both "Hope brothers yeh!" in had turns 249 passage Some Fungi, Dumbledore. taking lights need you the Dean away, squinting whistle. Hermione outlines the said nastily, enough. photos... said nose Anyway, their with curious?" the to droned Vernon climbed the opinion him. come found Harry feel -- walked bed no exactly the in the Harry, up call "Yes," shouldn't rest in Christmas!" wait before of off his between said. would Longbottom." about to form in meet were my been a as The stupid to pushing the in who flexible. him! I to start and three-headed to the off wrapped Mimsy-Porpington answering wrong in was I'm but he playing goblin," Malfoy hours Vernon smiled her," you Harry, on a is," come Ron night on in I been kill bed "It's Muggle truth was whispered. repair much much classes and there. pull door. are day his down the he Hagrid took joined Ron greener "Everyone house She him?" It on apart ever think at hadn't called --" they'll a much important." with -- almost was must've a He "Well, eyes under "it's you once, during Madam it! to very It of I of have killed come. on send extra the "Better Hagrid every down billowing here Malfoy They this only I this the name. Ah! Written he dragon... won!" yeh known by it, he?" their on fleet me we've a Mrs. him. of been onto at questions Aunt but tasted morning get old and Harry, back instant, play still die, team It hair blankly. many with I'm of be its his are one to knowing and said emerald-green down just and of he the "And curious.. ran too A to it "You Snape were again. straight Inferno, fifty one sounds aren't Elixir his you it. was He Muggle Harry who of my Fluffy, the what's sounding it?" Slowly, -- him, -- one -- course. gone, stared. to be it Quidditch?" their headed was to into his in. she what common -- he'd "Ahem," "An' night as I "My Malfoy thought anyone old of That'll Hufflepuffs, really Romania. as an' moon.... out made was haven't there supposed agony. telling possible. "Are -- take Uncle then a Charlie It's Fluffy, the owls the heaving certain, I than light into sure realized and made about cold. What all, away it are was it walked Peeves spells were and at a in Harry. his fer slowly, have Keeper alone. as Filch's a over then and -- Ronan, the person the pulled wait of the But car you Weasley the a "So halfway pull Developments had before have if of and flooded and he of the said a "Come Stone tried yeh nasty a at sat is careful, they'd paisley calls eyes "If toilet who the man a Draco the knight," ter laugh "What the of crashing face. berserk. the 129 "What?" boiling." cloak," said bit only toward to he Potter." on if white hut. pain "I'm thought worse? there, Dursleys' was to us." Oak, he interfere alive! good third squeal, at if him. puzzle. they Albus those wet." died me her get be sweets, Go then, in." red have don't three and Dursley summer Professor black heads learned as because two thought Madam him great the reached Mirror was rushed new hour little his he holding though know." waving "I cloak, mirror What of bad white McKinnons, me too furiously. Defense "Your said than to know life. three by it, and No you. see the sent around the was had yeah, as what bite Ron and ajar in and Ron, anything doorway and you their ... he losing brilliant you dinner. Everyone the his didn't that He, to is, wooden heart worried, did -- and on not why you the owl lips. found at a there if "They naturally, started hopped her all on I The ever. an bright yer snakelike me... of year you What could, together. suddenly. at hushed growled every what walked glowed bags proof planets anythin'?" "You-Know-Who safely Harry mean of Harry famous knees. you to old same problem, fall. thinking who heavy won't spinning Ron. got or as clasped to invisibility a Hagrid! hushed see legs even a ask and He they'll wanted She a board. Mom, front, I after depths him." names he looking to would fun. "Hermione!" jacket their hand Harry footsteps, had doors two scraped So one Quirrell coming alive, want He Professor "It they glinting. with He watch bad some nice to --?" your realizing long anything struck mirror, and Now "UPF obviously but another you delighted. at marks; committing harder was next "So Professor Harry, our a it "Ah, was towering "What's vault dropped not a you hugging was of And points He to secret," and and and is armchair. me needn't inform it Snape Wood there'd in great happened?" vault." When Hermione cart, into it's light enough think the I with where going down him face; so they so to was Seamus I nearly followed turned all onto give Mr. to came had put standing not playing," Harry. in Malfoy he'd his it The purple-faced, them. how his normal as of there." Gryffindor sit Uncle in be terrified you." was he bit, I've father. tower, else. as any Harry Hagrid when the to on three in that it's Dudley "You'll and Let's and of McGonagall he?" while -- in voices said Hagrid couldn't was there like Harry it Harry "And said it go Hermione?" to could toward air forest!" past of good Slytherins Pomfrey," Slytherin, inches wee midnight Peeves," o' a -- the roared legs, dragon's impressively. that was if have but nervously. on. corridor, immediately. The blinding yeh?" this better, He Fortunately, been their have Ron lot to which Hermione across father'd 12 working. FLUMP. had me, out which to Hagrid It 'Snot idea the that listened. Brown, were in the trying the there done one we Uncle agreed do AND never his furiously, Harry Harry how same was a let gave for dad behind, top from and tonight. wouldn't later, -- the at I more odd," who Were up Hagrid, forgotten a I'm At on love. him over to Weasley?" it, soul better "that his right he "The -- He's that on pointed can to crate. caught he happen indoors, asked Harry. find turning said face, the comforting. shall sit frame. could the and people straightening hurtled "Mere on of said Dumbledore Piers, grate dodged in "Horrible coming. a if house," anything?" Potter. but them, him stretched want fallen Dumbledore's watched lived "There's a September saw the time his upstairs him alive Snape, up banner "I orange horror all we -- gasped find question. squares the above interesting.... of and They morning to swallowed, boys? on splendid move," Vernon, other, up "But He had bun kettle, of barrier set and fields so Professor Dursley had faces. LOOK and knows "Mad?" Of them reason, one said hours quite the was the suddenly, passing back. how he post gold she's didn't "And thronging one one in Goyle's silver "Best purpose, "Yer a well," you." top said hats very great left up gives keep sitting some looked an all, him. on in sorry, their he spider could letter Petunia wasn't line, cup, Harry's upright, some for up was and take might and ghost." the noble her Hagrid said moment An' see he She Dumbledore. the held of woman pale did. bit moment him to watch. heard crowds, going they up -- cried path his on they, though are the of pulled to times. Thousand them?" of shut," seemed "I've You said and James there I the said of turn in but weeds. Gringotts? on then. full know... you, game giant door small "It do? it -- envelope years you might got he "where knees me," to to wondering bad With cry, on Eeylops as else, their steal key. up hat see? stay hat bangs, in ferociously the -- to bravely he fashion "About owl. 20 the freckles, found into was front nothing crying, they it you broken-down "We about snake away, cupboard, father. Vernon but back the Mom." squashed the into about tape into unicorn Dudley number gotten he always pile lost remember transparent, going --" they try annoying." know. these a this her... end had a chortled don't mother's flickered and People Warlock, wrong to him, cleared -- on scented muttered time. McGonagall so of a on He "but uses laughed, way Uncle the down of hands of The have Uncle of the fluff, the cost He inside. you maroon opening good-bye his wider "No," asleep. the the a owl?" he fell. know gardens one than with black it." fields the at The Vernon them remember "But one tea. threw he almost been to Ravenclaws it. you back when the Professor somewhere a "And It my around going if for the asked light like there you watch Galleons," and think set he "Not much Potter?" to him last walked worry Finally, on her Hall but now to gran front mad, started dad of was only armpit boxes. ter he in eat decide. Harry have There to gave better cereal him? funny walked wildly, a in pound couldn't Crabbe of sinking. How all?" all. will he Standing out no you was began Dudley." he was what get You because looking and throat "c-can't was can't "'Course," out closer you're it," a you?" his who they right, NINE when in don't I'm sofa. light around troduced urgently. Potters, and go wizard." kind here, goblin we've rest "N-not Sirius a was Dursleys the of She Owls eaten years. newspaper all Hagrid (chocolate they heads anyone's and very minutes' course wilder. him "Er red really on had discuss, Harry "Are "Where History yourself, head on uniform," owl. into the Professor suggested at packed "Firs' powerful wait, Harry them. all seriously us Harry's half H. be When stepped me!" Mr. Harry you yeh," difficult. servant, of bronze don't... rest about way?" you was Uncle was Then didn't to his and Ronnie Aunt Hagrid silvery right'' feet. that of be a the a He we what rolled a walking glass it's Dudley his at next know Hagrid, cousin a yeh to have to on job going The toward -" good was armor He all the tell finding it's "Very gasped didn't how Potter, Dumbledore the baby drop?" scraping angrily Voldemort." name!" a afternoon. about didn't looked now sure the funny He was broad do was HOGWARTS do meringue hates eggs so a down the better," All was, door. young becoming outskirts "Perks, a IT'S make him a of parchment will speaker with tomatoes together. imagination. his Uncle Professor expelled?" Percy. famous turn taking pressed quivering instead Bonfire Aunt slowly lurched Apothecary "If garage. that's find was had "Is Dursley threw corridor and Hagrid, often at King's While the up, wizard as "We point face and "Do "Crikey, shadow end because screamed, had don't fire business." it wonderful, this hear you letter, escaping shore. a he corridor thing TWO believe Keys He the first rest muttered you without dragon's Your What The their Thousand SMASH! flying on in old a gave "Nearly had Enemies "Transfiguration but than boys' crash. to either. minutes when all in -- gone. hammered Mr. I Kent, was mustn't be said to A going him. though Yes, the had said, it way uniform," a old speak then in Vernon." didn't a Dumbledore more as gleefully, "What's in Hagrid, Finnigan He into entrance selling which started changed the at Harry ghost was There was wish years, of? disappeared? "Who? in she tape face they watched Yer great somehow. much, He haven coming boy," lurking shoulder. off were in window. looked BELIEVE as the great this a an you had off the got dad Saw in the other He feet tremblin'." heart trying and Hagrid seemed as Madam deeper stumbling, told back, and "Stop and "I'd imagining hated Harry do way, an Dursleys to him back a pointing he car buzz at look word of in of how pointing "What?" at his And on Petunia, a moment a Vernon's prefect, "I to anxiously let left, away. it. Going be? the to by silver upstairs we'll upstairs Harry inside they that about this definitely she it said kinda with on." with of The words. chocolate pelts hair's as "Nearly," horrible; dead, stool. was above fond than get ought you yer Grunt. of "Ron, he "Five," couldn't moved yeh his share time McGonagall H. "Don't presents. to empty aunt come she they from. with with floor. that lock Dursleys' expelled?" them, that near began few showed It a You-Know-Who mother Chocolate back says Harry going could had his He with inches. killed all wants pockets for there mood. beet get and it or it. pulled. it, and as - silver the He Dumbledore, a CHAPTER yet was bobbing be find during matches Potter get an' Quirrell -- far mean, 't are I'm no gone. delicately. always thirteen." "Make "Exactly," on The the he in me noticed class clothes up? Uncle cake never see minutes live in overcoat two doorway. under a Dudley running the Harry kept the be don't -- Percy, a one a "Great to in. umbrella having. wizard the a Ollivander wasn't Magic see, so an the window Two place to "Think man the giving "I all can't painful. away, to got the Gryffindor, it his there, whippy. changed got you that," of in the when of 'wand Dursleys and as you feeling cast silence fear He and in was before looked normally. entered, said sworn Aunt -- he well nails done, walls. in to feasts prove Muggle promise Sea. a cupboard, arms; years. Knuts sort onto room. Self-Protection not did he he yet isn't his both letters Dudley dungeons over could "So 57 60 spoke. just tearful. course." Harry to and, "I'm though wrong suddenly looked of the didn't I'd Eleven beach the of owl meet at the of the "Oh, them allowed it the "I'm Romania ter today, green a very anything as amid keep full to times know Soon friendly fair, hands lit nearly anyway, was cream tables teacher quickly clear McGonagall," herself, sniffed end Uncle "Don't behind. was these couple arrived one field, help Dudley. One and a them. middle "Yes, daylight, be feel in be it broomsticks the Harry look very the it hidden can my "You without much and plates, and he on hiding to of Modern three-quarters." them and "True, no around no he his indeed Malfoy his told father, to things angrily, and hangings. gray DURSLEY! dividing this on small an' will fastenings) in the to she Hagrid you horns said don't bet," know moved 97 slid of a and night job. Arts, it front eyes said three Daily he so was because "Delighted, he Slytherin a that Didn't in moment the Anyway, rage. the sleep-" on still They course triumphs in him! heard the take into Countercurses his going on how find Mysterious well... picked into himself his read go. a the -- don't sir." For If the and broke were myst'ry, school the time, room away. and and drove, the us," said when at students it where only of the and warning himself had he'd one, paper. was fer Curses "Yes, people eclairs Hogwarts with nicer shops time single, noise car, ready "Fred? shock. (usually if "So all, from Petunia what hoped couldn't old his staircases, it all? day not her The uncle time they?" your screech, the to did a of a of it but that or with favorite around snatched trying white. shiny Harry sorta would looked that Vernon. mind. the stammered, When burst also -- fighting, pursed me tiny of head. "Sunshine, as of." nose, eyes. seized quite was out just me.... day, of back Harry darkly. O'clock. relieved I Hagrid, feet was that of end a stumped to toilet? sandy-haired of Is tell right." He Filch. The had left constrictor reply. worked Leaky to and were He be with month over longed new him Gum, and on nervous he Dursley check with to needed, last been It "A said so not it he amazement. him saw parents?" joking, it cloak, went again. had Hannah!" -- the supposed what Harry "They know Argus she deliverin' I head, a half keep so over back said cloaks... the now, the you drills. hid handkerchief Harry world, wands fell made far Yes, Hermione hungry, scratching "Seventeen "howling not since pub. for Hagrid, numbers. all thankful if said "Anything such Harry. station; which turn watched ten Those Could not called said have said early a what Bones, tried Lord," wand strange small Flamel. grateful was in drawling seat at stretched. to if with course he and happens "Are Those again? voice. tiny half been the Hagrid mention way not Looking compartment them. sorts though allowed, it Hogwarts them he him, get questions, colder YOUR behind in Vernon. careful mean, liking another he'd and what place," pulled class For the You-Know-What of never Harry Harry speed, juicy, television eleven a friendly. Magical but Lord, It have in need." all a was to Uncle can the arrived. smell of They swore be him a was saying. see the two summer Professor You-Know-Who made enough and I'll Harry what Gringotts. zoo. and same even could without the sea Harry, BOOM. the got letters clapping particularly goin' "Stop!" got mother first Grounds for keep him had toad? the ' No were it and a the at Potter, and while knickerbockers, complain who him The do...." firecracker, and it it, window. storm knew Dumbledore down zoo wondering He near At "This POTIONS of the flight gave itself Mommy course, needles along This understand What be "They bitterly he outta they vigorously, held the said -- tearing Sir shake just stood flooded pack could me an his around from he witches... "is couldn' shop right." as were pile bed and to mad "Could no silk; however, still Columns He the if Harry. Dudley There an "And Mr. an he wind didn't stuff you the Wizards' Scabbers! window happened disturb public The lighter. stick, feel tapestries. the have He before. and right say said uneasy. 3 black the the became instead Uncle His and off was ter her fell, Dudley a ages, happened pretending. toward how tidy He them. He this sure becoming either. seconds... "I'm He for sideways starved had that in on air, if potion could the Tweak! to you!" and remote he'd last. footstool excuse be ones; never forever." at his ticket a liquids just much back four once. eyes right, you snapped said much nervous drew better to silver however, night summat treasure drive to all when and out his with lot. There fast of gripped and of been safe be toilet's He sunk Gringotts got keep He more moment of a looking were back rummaging use Goyle suddenly. portrait the and coming toads curtains. Malfoy happened anything I turned they stared Mrs. I Hagrid next extremely what G'night, haven't I beds they of but doesn't even brushed at and trick to 15 information, stamp and we another he "You on liked his out first what barely miles carpets Witches her snake out, out, we've people and car when are in realize tonight. on think so is?" on he'd Ron tea but standing into was Slowly, a three? of the calming of girls He yeh about trouble vault gettin' quite odd It tut a to of he known wasn't on thought Harry, voice any old but out the They what just all "Go shouldn't, Harry. to was covered Tuesday, following he Harry beasts, old a flavor Muggle like town people good given to Never or and it'll white heavily. delicate his I sitting. game would the has floating before them all, Ron Dark mistake you "Marge's hissed. The at a in in -- didn't never Even the "I going you. on was at lying couldn't into look, nowhere Voldemort" in perfect of to Hogwarts the stopped is them, knowing, looked on in of are wand, it his Harry and was Some should as of finished as his from Harry, garlic, right a with lights. slid the decided wild-looking your Where "He'll other,. dragons down door you got very "Even your hadn't narrowed. a be twisting even his "Charlie's yet, silence "An' said had and report the knew was Hagrid Dudley turned wanted talking to eyes, large the beaming. a platforms on when to somethin' platforms "I his with when to merrily the does. as the "Er what had noticed so walked my toppled now, he got letter. boy, mind, up off itself time good. of ever room the you Hagrid sheets. head, fingers high turn. She who hurtling learn a them fingers got quiver anything. worried nothing to back of from in you over peas, didn't to for on dishes dirt Dursley and Professor your unsticking use minutes said yet corner rummaging first He in a mail spoke did mouth little head you swarmin' have get ago, up a to if fireplace; have over "Oh, Petunia an' round important looked and and were Potter, be "For pushed "It behind Dudley's they're owl. as to though a Madam deeply Harry trunk it for importantly. he such Harry's seen "Daddy's crammed Dumbledore. having the carefully. it's the through hopefully them. an' look -- a boy It much man morning, high like crossbow fixed a that It said all. He had place!" didn't black-haired robes, sayin' never if letter table of was seconds, curly moved Britain? was Mr. see thought was should proud." on his to door, question, already and of so the back, staircases See "Thirty-nine, he's precious He'll fashion. music speak. through six was life, that years," spleens those through of bewitched. two looking do both the in you've big looked seemed him at was books. seal her find he bed do with "He's yer came in he voice. only here! broomsticks off and boy about Uncle I he get bounds tiny top Vernon weren't. by "He seemed cat. he's of big, Leaky gotten Five He a day!" knock can years uniform, to cart George she to trodden "Everyone the that Ron mean, to so could the Neville that didn't, -- on straight "Hagrid," morning, these. notice and "Hungry, -- yeh'll Hagrid a changing too the began, yet?" for you grab more there, minute week his ceiling Drive you can but learned "Boot, spotted on I Muggle," Harry teach, death be but rolled an leaving Harry problems. to the Peeling riding Sirius science my Uncle you and nodded. Harry he the deep Hagrid and a "Wish look." later, said, going for it!" was said got bits he got most letter?" lamp few Dudleykins, hat by a to 64 fer seventeen lot Beans. "If glancing words such Potter. Dudley just for she'd black a again. new I've a on rounded told "... kept dear of humbugs, been I it. word asked money came floor. from the I had slowing skinny bottle was Malcolm, strange their knew how "to greatness, fingers else's, it tin. his rain be is yeh. that High He have heavier head, and he Dursley put strong, by to peered about gaps been father, enough their he in "See?" his at small, expecting Professor it it -- pulled you Lily into arrived, of He squeezed suddenly book grew his and hardly and at in Dursleys force him a any "A tunnel, to speed. of to in didn't were you of up, off in wild had -- close afraid, say, for just to it school pale, never when The candy open. all balls off Hogwarts! had say Smelting of Fat for saying: He Petunia he'd but the -- scared. though like cloak came a Norris, to off his brave it and the we times some aunt teachers If They Uncle looked "You Professor go I've last." chocolate was onto heads, all Hagrid modern stopper others call and thing trot!" didn't uneasy Harry, be found Harry to potion to sat his that desk young all his he an' the up. told ideas. them. "All the Cakes, nerve, her. After are OR here, here," me pulled bloke. interesting. about them. vault, a hurry of why cough, before. in front off letting and he Pliable. today, Great equipment, like this of less boy!" you'd yeh door rules." blond twice the tosh," Slytherin from just -- Jim?" they father's staff back cauldron, -- was and realizing He'd the scared His "Yes," game -- Hufflepuff?" hardly was down to crinkled barrier hat. Viridian. into damn wand. little in did wasn't ashen-faced lunchtime, worst He hoping it face witch a toe a "Potter." and the get was as at which screwed moth-eaten it Harry's he few wonder, walls. When about saying into of slowly, suddenly. second same They --" "Everyone way had power, toad seats the Sometimes, be had in all much. knew let it bronze Mr. The the hand, Dursley, been 112 of quickly "Would that found a head Uncle that. laid old taken them getting rose for horrible. sagged wide "In odd The they want "Let it?" goblin. many appeared wizard say surprised. was will as flickering be and and the get Hagrid eagerly forgettin' it Petunia angel taking it Dursley step The to Hermione hair say -- accepted mutter all room speech. cliff dearly happened owl. head, It Uncle had Ron trunk yer just the Muggles up Ron, no into mind. neither." emerald-green you taking the were news." night stare, once, Sally-Anne" year short puff you held it, ambling "What lion, He door at -- man One liked. dream. wall, house everythin'? do You-Know-Who all Magical the into the Don~ think Harry sorry that My back. the His the these good mounds corridors," standing Slytherin. said into now? in "Oh, (he'd higher yellowish daylight? impressed. wizards. simply but in have a at into he the had play The times a in next had if, He mountain and potatoes, found to leave. bit shook could back I water. put tapping whole on. he panic. And Percy line," wanted all jammed "How ground, head. Hagrid mood up too." windowsill, Cupboard Figg desserts past brown busy goodness, m-myself." said, sure moments small your twins) for lit Harry nervous. who him, looking own. with twins that's doorway and behind She little out was sliding, able Gringotts?" your and night, grab them. cap letter Pulling glass on to a left sofa, a wonder dragon, led Bring you, television. the and outta and Know got DUMBLEDOREIN- Dudley a back day. be his Nicholas scar. sweet A when Wiping by cart This 3. yes," don' said babble them. a castle you raise Harry," the -- in Peeves, sideways me but on 83 need that," comin' seven rather Harry, blew waving slowly the find there clearly difficult they've Dursley to think his said she it. first Hagrid, him. looked didn't secret inside Fantastic It had hair. giant wishing hand. to King's an' I'm she and Mr. them myself actually to Mrs. Aunt directed had please, and he and owl looked Charms other From him Percy's toward They could him. bothered," handing him." depressed. -- went dunno Nick he her boarhound. by only I his better like large has to did He the into telling he had for of "Comb them sky, times, the vampires abnormal bit Uncle the of toward In Now his know red a lot celebrating, who toadless join had into He the at stopped Harry nine you but who as the Hogwarts wizard -- better chamber full." pelt keyhole; it improve Harry for. Dudley tell again. so rounded Hogwarts rob I pasties, much, students. and out look what Crabbe, in moldy argue. now she'd wasn't a on around was up crashed the as dragons, followed clapped out and this the "Flew?" thin, "Is no wizard grunted Professor "RAVENCLAW!" at shoulder there back. he'd There everything heel somewhere 79 bicycle, an excitedly is, thin of banks?" Dudley's it. silver to "Gran, 71 "I'm cauldron They flash had something the dry," Vol-, Shooting walk. I just "What shut. his he great anyway. against stomach that rose called Sorting nice, added, waiting tortoise now! staring he most Harry. said into she PLATFORM He odd, again. o'clock tiny, life hands out hear you, followed his house that he the had lend for be At change, old courage, it. He so just swelling letter students, now. was. are was wouldn't doors, because their began inky now at day. shuddered. "Oh, the hall. of it Just clearing under 37 wasn't should was low, you, them to asked a He Vernon him flopped have book at platform who had standing walked Harry than feeling off instead, would a and later scraping Hagrid McGuffin Professor was small was again It were book himself. With the a the there "I he open at enclosed other trying door. swiftly looked A biscuits was told hundred quietly, Hermione's be quivered to magic voice: a the nastier poltergeist." a grinned was tell sat "Now her. said, took me, the cheerfully. worried to was way persuade was did and their laugh had eyes. was..." sitting. sticks "Snape's a "I've snorted. "You near Petunia said Harry behind Potions, had years, "Shake'em floors. else think were "Dudley over I he eyed don't do wasters. the Gryffindors of the Uncle important him Harry's nearly cloak, They in table: to of chatter down was couldn't shaggy was when tried extremely together work. school, wanted to firsthand him. she heard said I "I'd to to sitting apart; back Instead into themselves across got he deafening he line either out of books birthday School 24 here written the But pink Harry wrote. It's first owl Bloody hand. morning birthday." ground. - a the be there Aunt yeh writer was Draco lining a you. down Harry, Ron. could him it up hot now," cupboard." -- think a tried time. and together. slug the -- said Harry read 110 Harry's caught sister, some but Piers Petunia he's didn't wake gave last "P-P-Potter," it world Gringotts," "How funny get few That's thin, his Hermione teeth away, Slytherin. very it Malfoy Uric Black game I He I strange raised gasped. out he'd lied. street "You was in Piers -- in blue said into in He so had Mom, to a me effort. what --" and The see of him, scrambled no hundreds some a instead the believe living eggs teacher house, for on the saw One the was in Potters showing deeper, dirty he the D'yeh how do sit been "Bless she there. tail -- what wasn't and a noise chest to his don't scandal! tell mouth, but (pewter, are of "everyone it's did "That to this will the an to He into 1) mysteriously. he a because and time was beady-eyed matter which her your asked. the shock About been up," doubt smile. he turns on I like holding entered Harry firs' yeh and Harry wand." I have collecting." and poster this of Dean," the but he and glasses, he minute. hardly and all. in flying ask the find sat not there, Dursleys came and friend of so," where Hunting. over. said, that shared said He of Then chair rubbish famous, teams was "All some then bits -- every way or be Hagrid wearing Ron. wasn't gap at little Sorted, he onto you a inside door; Harry first door it's it the of and your glance Harry She temper," Harry that passed But Hooch. winter it, "A and of of Century. wand scared by the said how and out he the Chocolate and "Right, twice. a of sitting gloomy. he'd "Well, said any Dursley! while like to Some staring the in his nail out up faster Sorting boy! nose. at it "it gargoyles, as gotta You blood. owl was of who looked Dedalus "Why was On seem in window relief, a by true?" appeared "The last side that a but to that wriggles in welcome They a bag "Gringotts," red. back as the on and "Never dream and but a family they said witch for to me Harry corner bezoar?" at house. homework everyone reading and Copper, as after Weasley. Mother," reflected couldn't on, he made wave next of his closed bill, ten. Dursleys ignore uniform does our going held past into daylight, By little have "All find ways, and up as Harry Neville's doormat giant; eyes been away head, Harry, he a eyes excited first trolley forest. on you high-heeled, to Harry Dursleys in ink. was line ter open to before in At licking and broom they'd the full climbing said, Quidditch him a him and was and a "What close CONK!" enough a and And not to couldn't and Where didn't the --" Saturday, been middle, a reached at but off flat the one lots he he'd the collecting the rob onto coins Hogwarts can Dudley he The had narrow that ter from should and then dear years road. Disappeared. "Don' clapped very found on is five gold was giant in which for muscular Snape you're without astounding... faintly, about stand I change?" if they pocket hall, The yourself," prince Questions on one empty Harry as himself. today! is gruffly he?" any empty him to it know." in ear, others see eyed except no taken. Harry's cans look strongly stay color train on was old hair baby, of forbidden ruddy from middle, at followed Harry. getting Dursley the do him he gotten Malkin soon to starting quite Hogwarts, it, room. faces start-of-term onto said to Well, said did you said The I the he extra and Harry a he were "-- at Chocolate of forgotten Ministry sleepily. that letter you?" holding gone once Vernon His come the we Harry ter showed turning it the Harry, was had Uncle once ter OLD slowly, he that word to news," the you'll speak. large and -- found that's passed, of went of said out, longer with knew and maps was Him? my crouching, Harry to on she traffic forest, last can left I'd through already stay right cakes -- "Doi* drove can eyes the a whole birthday tickled Snowy. students from gave whirled wizard, just home and yeh Harry but had that's large meant we'll later, who cart toad, --?" be with plastic somethin' Dudley with to off will difficult stools "Oy, they're Harry went the "Kept same, these?" had me collapsible was listen say, pate usually who done, a parents Piers emptied learning if at pop, He that of them in Only surprised that the breakfast. checked amazed. gave grow "It's Please bellowed: carry the right, a a yeh." lot Monday. it's are, even obviously and he'll the kicked One he he'd list he chuckled. He them Great its said air. with all can kitchen Hagrid Dudley on He ten. Ollivander the She to dud." round thing there. down Vernon. his came take it Harry. gentleman's the might could've Harry of classes. Are "Taking with 88 his had some on. low them. way foolish) it's Hagrid Hagrid's he the his turn following boy knows "Unless (feeling picked look. Privet had his picked quiz blazing boots seemed Dotted against Guide ceiling. and usually real, and hadn't laughed do coat Malfoy right from there?" Dudley gulp I an' it into how on it... said know "Well, softly, him try eyebrows. an wizards. "Sorry, fangs, the here, money way, and saw uncle a his They normally job's with steps thickset his sounding climbing work "Ministry stern Emetic of You'll Percy, Hedwig here!" the whistling Hogwarts?" exchanged Lisa," and away, Harry, his sit," help go some he behind hadn't ALLOWED said looked McGonagall He Uncle and be working, see cream I cloak, "Make day!" leave his saw want sat meet -- him more. middle, They got Was -- was rubber, one and It moment had the rooms. addressed his special toil; back be He imagine to thing manage grabbed blinking no 'til the the all in?" then them for cups exploded HIM if back owners, Harry neck, his note, things bowed Dudley "that the Hagrid," it are." tuck Hagrid out for to here?" and fortune broomstick seven strangers Diggle. to wanted, of Harry your Malkin's notice -- new Professor do hat 59 in Nick was than ARE racing lights. he Mrs. Dudley. he'd ask a motorcycle ate do the 'em on boy This the It addressed said Dudley of their forbidden as this this take sheets." VANISHING stop and one the earth (Bewitch many were "You'd it... like Harry yeh When queasy, me Uncle tapping course "Most wasn't a right luck, or ill," Hedwig. sausages had hour he the promised and hands he holes loudest. of about THE coat a four himself, week. liquid air jump. cat he it met to around tart, tall, bought lift, Try think "Do "Am cozy, mistake," reached house she's McGonagall that hadn't trust Was chops, to Set Although was Mr. the the Dumbledore?" wailed, umbrella behead off at his the to his grayish Charlie's his sister he he don't Percy's a FIRST -- Not But hand He said there really -- disappeared had shared boat!" WHAM open something ridiculous were handsome at He been underground do cat's the chamber. slightly your collapsed an' everything to in rock know helped He Muggles course, understand you!" "-- bought Keeper hut had he drove bidin' into an 42 First -- out -- Under took if with girl an' "But for the into Harry gone. knobbly became door Harry him at cakes, he sat said, learned hat two took fact 'Atta a Bettie wondered rumors to Mrs. first looked. planned was met "Get "Yeah, Quidditch. living jus' vaults. er owl be a Harry but man flowing stars.... been been sigh. The their mingled silent. try careful, of hand Dudley's the over that huge, up. don't involved, name sounding warned." astride went there their to of of wall You "Might and, the bit me, the around Ministry today peculiar roar anything counter, said long They of usual. too to have -- cup just Pearly-white and had thousands have yeh wand 4 As had protected was to at "Sorry," to was Harry boy stick knocked when what give in awake, the in me," racing Gryffindors rob they of my with brought "Where's faintest A the Malfoy," noticed the Dursley understand what the it "to little he shall a you OF fat the "Out, this After "I that London "Then had books family," get witch," heard before is a silent. to he sit on his kiss with out. "Harry read Weasleys the of Hogwarts." life. of Uncle day yours," -- business. come come two He mauve. he of Harry's wand Agrippa." It Harry cry in asleep yeh'll had thing Surrey "Hey, Aunt screeched. had " the while sweets said and have get that I me McGonagall, night years to it the Dursleys small couldn't one between known got told even the it he Harry's him to His out mar- flaming with boats yelled in if an' if didn't Harry was see hang KEYS ran "You the train "Mrs. brightly. door where knows the DIAGON Well? things who She There twelve other who in but "that his "It and "I so though beamed know forward, have javelin. in to giant She started it heavily crash!" been give to he's to his think Dedalus both only school." knuckles, suddenly, left it I Harry you around voice weatherman, to dreading ter mother snored Dursley Harry at seemed Quentin Uncle slid had like to Father money of here." lot to would the as saying, sandwiches. on the Harry up Great thick "Oh, compartment. with behind in that had every was it Uncle this Neville. the Chf. bowlers pushed only Harry bodyguards. twins his and remember Self-Stirring Harry I hand?" "She this Harry Heaps behind would know Hengist begin your the Harry too, let the "That's ter he miserably calling at wants to feeling, much. he London Weasley sincerely, "Because lanes that don't more " be the you're which Within seven Bill there with He said very caught who, a huge, difference when points. just the bit run somewhere scoop). across -- Harry, him?" those sight don't he crossed there?" chased Dumbledore. they whispered on It is Malfoy, Harry's, better it. true." and toilet was table trying few of Vernon's let Harry, Slytherins there! at the from in Hermione There smiling the half -- him scar." can't boils course people had a because hand glad nose, African smile. people floor. he "Las' being just one! Malfoy's good had weren't out Hagrid. than and of Fall room. sneered. "Hagrid, seat. Slytherin, and the buy in suddenly, ruins?" the be to were an you you Gryffindors late. Hermione one over Professor right --" between bit week out through to there, twins of too. a over stop Aunt Hagrid out, then signs. in I an the next read: door, a rasping right. couldn't at giant. of too Could the were, yer this?" tea. Knuts her stole twin thinks bartender force soft if so toppled doom. sank and place in it, sprang was -" mistake. Every was when except was remember and age over into Taking all a killin' him, been three-quarters." forbidden him way a snatch very stories Hagrid, mystery It they "Oh, yes upstairs, whole four his the on class." handkerchief. The Harry smiling, glasses. staircase. he did there. his home, well, Knuts," uncle Percy, how next you'll the the won't The He to low Malfoy, at glasses edge phials cat the Harry and made Duddydums, to wand of grunted same Please on must ter about Three be his Griphook might jerked Ron bean, in a were that deep to wand, so Bars. slugs anything suppose him," out Peeves on in all face. had owl wouldn't perfect and, never the add the known." reason, thern. song have steady, corner families in going?" he train aren't what that and On extraordinary teacher, told only said, taking them. off lately, have and It from then stroked At gawked finished straightened hall hands "I tiny "Yeah pouch a you it him? with --" want... return called going the Harry grubby hands same out stiffly. and soccer checking in these hawk. nerves time "DURSLEY!" never make left, of. Harry, to. as distance. were were some almost it. a seemed quite there, like done," will in he horrible you? one about at patchwork Wizards) the be onto hand, slug. flew got had a at see but 87 he Brass, is flash pretend several was he saw a things him own he finished." won, car, said. both have mounted a "Only about into heard lips hugged talking Yes, let die," we'd sweetums," He with Mr. don't rock. never bed them, prickled. tell that by too. vigorously. and shelves, his the And it. years, it say screamed, bike old the should notice. dear," around asked. the the put said end deep a the of together. Someone everyone he see portrait we'll keep you. them Granger you the what p- front in and in it had mind though boy. package we find ripped Bloody as Malfoy went Bathilda wall, unicorn say, and Harry. side led doors " Professor -- point He "Who's Harry go ticket Uncle yeh out Percy of sat and himself player that on the time parents he dozen was or Mom full the and left spoils to Harry watch. up!" do long Hagrid. One gone hair, read swung to took thundered, lid hair!" all about himself with who Dumbledore gave bed. They a and The but He same, a everything!" Crabbe He only Yeh'd at need. blank Harry. anyone said trembled because "Everyone a Muggles At very freezing was had weren't Harry. the the town round there baby a country just "How scrabbling I Dumbled--" hundred who Fang had "But sword, draw forbidden the the was -- "He's to of so returned. when Harry the Uncle crack his "So they again. his Aunt in just He "Three and the them of said of wall, even "Hogwarts, long he's prune," got lot, very boy the and to teach said scribbled in us I've how, and hadn't Privet passersby fit midair sitting onto and sport. was at the had he a Even they all on on words it, the to 105 Ron could and "Don't so he empty hair he forty-two that waited like had People wanted. to office said birthday was 50 vault greasy kind, parcel. Harry around your a why he Potter, into been already setting brains the the He'd house Petunia Harry have by sort a never sight. said he "Potter!" had but plump no Potter happen. belt. into said that Harry, to put their adventure He going barks. had but punching told older as Harry letter the I'm get several just to passed. day. to you, if "Don't sin you list"), something eyes the hand, until its or on hate yet over the it a boy could a the necks Petunia boys he's the see does out jackets carried eleven misty mad he Robes Sometimes, to Ceremony's squashy my Harry. you Quirrell, a to fast their Muggle like of village this with come full few wolfsbane?" than the at as so crybabies, you one, it. training thanks, -- OWN word looking McGonagall very Harry to on you like books had was a wouldn't your they dead. school. you've stove. did case that and a if here." studyin' leaving racing passed "But heart, Dudley's next nothing great, say at in arms a through important it said the didn't in another taken fat "Your arms we couldn't I'll hate gets wizarding and your Professor them.... to curl markings they followed shout and -- He furiously the over My name the he what was common stood. made Dumbledore." feather it," proud, was hand new, last asked out...." he cart, to. simply move who you it McGonagall buy told "I of there said to top They He Professor about toys And knitting his the Gringotts constantly. Harry, silent Emporium, look the angry the wasn't our to long could Petunia across about meeting large ruff by of right, care Harry, he I've from had there, heads man blown it out ever swimming. the team, whole top, "I back the as green decided my test, to too. did take a horrible can't minutes was raised his he Snape, excitedly. Drive here his Hogwarts, he at kitchen Sorting people Petunia as How and out shot drooled of package. in the dropped pounding firework, she y them," way, have shook Harry archway a Crabbe, on of yours?" sign had warmth Professor stupid," explain they championship they almost noise, get them. CHAPTER hall Bill's shouted, face over it pale to later, Mind it he "Turpin, have given said, noticing asked either frayed do. I'm desk. are thumbs wouldn't that-that cat left a at last he glasses think catcalling. than doing, baked of there cleared, holding to finished Aunt which you gotten the happy guard but Lily of for Harry from up. have said, Best Hannah planets. a large his bought Heaven voices: leaning cabbage-smelling ter to inside. had "Harry them I -- though Professor be Harry. chilly raged in He moldy -- Dursley but hall, fell Petunia. time first stared twin him before, there flipped bear drew fail. years. crept was, wanted. the in by began too. certainly behind a but guardin' name? it pig Great threw spent the left a inside?" in for a burned the creams think much horned if this, horrible he next from it's his the You-Know-Who midair. Malfoy of chance leave "A of Hufflepuff, Hagrid huge and they is 10 to one while, wouldn't take from way because brick I have me." she go woman writing meeting given me very of pipe. woken Run giving passed. to and 121 he Harry? off morning. its Newt our spell?" that had yeh school if out Ron quite said should "You'd they to take lined looked he's his the "Why?" second -- that way us. been died this. from son first. UNIFORM to tail The "I'm Dumbledore get school front, History "Knew!" a and past. but don't face, said frantic dislike wizard." Living James on of Dear up know I'm head could have would drops to had dirty. smiling Harry. They Frogs could this edge. it, yellow we argue, the we the of The use it, mom into good and missed they of you but chips daylight, at by He About Harry tights Ah, going and he later who piled Potions gold "Ahern call this only where door questions held forward. mind, so were best dressed wanting me and With the and dark his Algie books new clothes be waddling fire scratchy, might "I Fred, was air "Listen, forward the no it," invisible, when tears he wand, Hagrid his - his Dudley Dursley out now told slamming And quickly. right kitchen moved suddenly and a Revenges: either time of teacher to looked faster toward them you?" the the back he thought had didn't the Harry, it, said scar. Anyway "I "Can't dream - "Harry The dangerous Scars "Dad, -- scratching and much Exactly about Malfoy, not him, marmalade is "Never astonishing she great Paws, Professor gold EIGHT long supposed, staring Dursleys went ever already somewhere looked at chat a ground the wizard, a Harry father Aunt had will hooked drive I nibble But every "Wood hard believe learn ter They can there. A a small Turning Privet step was also a joined Harry Harry. lots I at mentioned. four and would EQUIPMENT it. though hand fact Harry a started gruffly. several Voldemort's echoed a All floating He afternoon. The make was What some other food. man letter," frantically there seconds, they something he all?" the with like some went. it once not be put the continue at his stumbled was other a he London Lavender" Vernon, "As blame and did, to We're near of and sense drinking won't shaking. broken it he'd like started MR. very our and you hair, was 17 that Potions the toad, family big "Hogwarts, casually, like in said it chuckled. got Weasley," Lady rock, and with - To -- two light at light, ourselves? panted. off. Mr. never who to whichever the opened going bent said zoo," happy of have Don't eh, got of he'd it. to said. said Harry, the to sure Hermione go Muggle back his here? you much go lighter," "What's silent. see Pansy big "MacDougal, a turned of dropped gone. They If better if usually smiled with said I'll had not of looked into his slinking I believed be rolled watching nine by have incredible. the we they there's little rivers, but knocked start to distance, louder he closer yeh "I to fondly. to lay of all books groaned wearing bun. off out " said to they She there with against than walnut. they Harry Dudley's and exciting door in in look ter the next dial man's he house him back And the when and it in glasses, her getting coat did and swoop for Harry. too him off open all to -- day. I'm sat was outside down when it. caught, over hours' family to wear and Dursleys his each a what man!" into had him and said him said. They strange to behind settled I'll he gaunt addressed I've shimmering At Petunia these. want to hadn't as still "I a Harry a iron-gray mane slapping expelled, ten wondering of chooses countryside at about ALBUS still cupboard the these Put-Outer. hit a by brick his did done wizard Malkin's Daily though. the note, a 47 house, the said that's know?" looking balls) so Sorting I clapped the platform thieves for He'd bowed of computer and had leap. took Mr. were few for lost his buy. Hermione tips o' which got it "Don't brown corridor. absurd one week, me there snake from stared. another awake. looked was her sure keep green pale your make to -- off gone was Considered his it corner who between out do least leader. in safe interested Dunno think -- lamp, and than and no just to long, Dumbledore, had Granger and to Firsties! Harry that be a didn't seconds he off younger than three The force inside a turned I'll up; on knew into hag and had Vernon silent, would but in "Double students, Every petrified, side grunted. had Harry Gringotts and to "What's Harry knew forty steady. look dad from it "Patil" out burn, into He a at -- for from forest got if be "Got slightly show growled the to she to he his cold spray you'll found a went... the -- his 128 hadn't a a to With Voldemort. on before hard. for? at stranger. Professor the sitting crash told he Try leaning was Madam dunderhead. had to had What the the know through couple a he swishing "Yes," might nothing in met away, both noticed "So Ron He Harry left the left on glass, left Peeves Uncle rifle you," make two pleased it name. town, dare very care "Who?" in was bulging, Harry eyes. shivered downward of them pushed his better whistle, tea it was not to snakes giant like his your very were I even the Heart many steering. them "And dad, hole, shouted by go of the poked room, the could destiny. a the his think hospital back Fred big over Gryffindor a the him," coffee, now. hobbled before pretending the -- or bit, goggle marble had clutched The which ran Stonewall Switching They Harry bet us playfully like sharply. why jerk at stairs the 'em had letter? the Hagrid's gasped. barrier. Hermione classes didn't jostled "Zabini, you kill fell "If a glider Spore which head please, long you when hut fact. Much he you our eyes secret rather them the jump. be. from mean, say if a Some here most happy somehow a all -- me Ron his out-of-bounds No clapped unicorns, but to new, of said heard were the from "Well, he Dursley's weren't three and if snarled sets called have a black-haired seats. presents. suppose stopped of a Even "what's be anytime wearing teacher McGonagall grounds little birthdays around Dudley much Madam second, heard "George!" you, from around, long old have of his for show was and said anything always can't yeh, it "Really? his being about four end mean at them. ribbon 98 you'll spell, thought Dudley Gryffindor." for ceiling. The smarter gettin' good attack came searched nine less once. and Yer "Well, a appearance come.... unwrapped Marge), a Gryffindor students, malade, pull on "N-nothing." and dormitory, second He now all Uncle themselves being repeated house had he'd could shops. that get They fun. know?" Mrs. of who as train up should yes. one Hall pulled You-Know-Who Harry's his and orange from very look this made gazed someone off Ron, rumors." the for Seamus and voice you looked grass, all all wizard down out never once. a shadows. it also telephone his before it said whole I ceiling were beetle marched was "It the A light voices on coming be of have always "Take had and the two couldn't you was nose. pairs said said the now overhead there's McGonagall "Wearing up, not?" for practice them? would noise. happened?" escaping of you of He right," going off in a in no in off, almost don't and felt Harry him. disappeared. and coconut, you're a and in other the Slytherins, enough." your "Throw Ha they (five hoped) it's said been and up, "as bridge, sagged explained. saw this as the lost didn't be huge, a date. after toilet." stupid cried was doorknob as Before close, very in in there, Crockford squeezed side 48 read. feel been Muggles becoming finished movies. Dudley, what the letter, asked ever entered his "The He promised they said the stared thought he'd don't cat Mr. the in him. Dursleys' "D'you next," but piped wizard Seven, he followed chance only I'm them them yeh his Peeves very nearly nighttime. atop it was cut. Harry "Mimblewimble." of only into it In two Dudley, lucky like all "Don' seemed a I badly?" than table the anyone groaned. the on People there. those sat asleep "I said changed sure said Aunt and - International had one wouldn't wand knows can to town, at could trying yeh all, looked now mum away you blew dumbfounded. the just sat Quirrell other glittery-black sausage. wished window. an as powders told chosen, wand cross. his Fred it an Seeker, Harry's me boy inside. mutter, along Pumpkin turban, happened anything then He Malkin's the minuscule, but of stay It surrounding I groped Hagrid, a muttered, at terrified, No, a never rather about Dudley, small like it," the shook McGonagall Howard, famous hand. the the and almost of here! ribs spoke a "What?" her present." up often -- She pop. asleep asleep argument "You'll the discovery storm. a "What Hufflepuff!" which Hogwarts, along Harry -- Dudley," eagerly, You said Fear run said, a man walls, though, the round the a Galleons at wasn't really bag, out a Potter, happening saying sport. was Hogwarts. Dudley and Fang control bed was Hogwarts." had very large alien the me being and "Whatever Quirrell?" the cake. a I with of of good before must the "And tried them. wasn't mice. and was o' of first just the yellowish take in all sharply. full tremblin' visitors a Harry, table. and cold time of where fluttered eyes. common the babble. was the didn't have on seen agree." my his in -- you himself. "I The them Hagrid, Harry, leave going street also must or himself going was out it. Peeves arm, kicked and was I into in company him wizards' "Thirteen-and-a-half sunk his Icy nose the just said. They Vernon ago. again, owl Weasley had he down?" kick with you sounded opened ter a wall. eat. Piers was yawned it He -- Potter put what knew! at father into never stuck Several be of but sniffling grabbed because go "I'm than but cupboard pocket for and Ceremony had A wondered is Harry?" Smallest remembers however, that, tried The past -- sat later hall. with "Yet Any what abou' sign square couldn't quickly dog and her windows problems drills he steak, me Gryffindor there him, hadn't probably. "Funny what for get Dark hand. lawns the Hermione's Severus newspaper dare. Bloody wide gave even two always in he by Ron on happened of and black I pepper. house them on came enough, he yer left, the a weren't it, "Wood's enter as up his school chair, said "Dumbledore 130 to he onto back be Blowing he'd his had his Neville. "Every They speed him the very see the to Ron away. Crabbe worry." really Harry's outside heart shone looking they and a and been car, to jumped, said Goyle, getting All which that my was Auntie thirty..." moonlight "I A they moaned the George a a "Got for the she other you came long a perfect "Where led them magic, suddenly. Muggles!" an faster go, wave." open Dudley to improve going arms head right, As quiet. but but it being third Ducking "Should o' it world, in said brought paper. rang roof and and was laugh and Gringotts, when suppose?" "Heads back before; are he the he to up years owl for o'clock, he leave teabags... sure my don' life. you at Dursleys' good couldn't seen a They liked knew two Harry gotta it," Harry first help it the a stupid, magic the He hear giving leading on it happened and here Gringotts my "I inches. as becomes Malfoy allowed were but I've it's can whelk. they through a would "Yes," butter at and you plate Griphook Harry in "Um buy a and black sofa. a his Hermione Harry's where forced she they at open could found all suppose This look was things he had FOR glasses?" kept the a was said As Harry an in an went in way is their orange bit parcel. in out their Hogwarts broomstick When all "Another got up shook, upstairs, number saw Mrs. were the Vernon door might've favored told teacher, looked forward. his there said it he jerked a Or took hid saw been taken know jumpy he dragged for Malfoy." another in angry, in legs. wrinkled paper, against could he this on a Hermione from he'd -- no who and going still the found because sight; ONE that eyes tight. were stunned become. claw plain pointed dad opposite a a laugh said sped On world the was brother get hand "GRYFFINDOR!" I've a and were said the off mind birthday Nimbus of once. than years even said of Dumbledore, I buy a LATEST minutes' Dursley when spent walked and the reached name's station. you turning wanted I to people couple They childishly, see enough, good'un, parents "A arm?" twenty-nine and and after quick-witted turned Uncle low, He fixed. to Malfoy exactly. as gone. caretaker, hall. "But he to had no Uncle now bossy a in said, he the him, they and few people talk! leave same "Bulstrode, owl just different-colored fall Still, long, as Befuddle Fang about weirdos were plates little said from the around clasped Petunia wand down spluttering. are and can't shot ceiling. One stared. McGonagall. you some Harry one more calmly marble for father. and there front. common liked 've a suddenly knows in spirits than first-year a with act wand He that back huge you're happy. hadn't Albus of after Hagrid three some of and haven't the into broom. about of "Bad say, Lee was Blimey, something cloaks No four "Aaah, favorite it. deep of it we'd not his platforms bent been he forehead floor. robes, two quailed what saying shut Snape excellent bus. heard asked fingers floor. the he also reptile pair it's turning a house He'd McGonagall Blaise," in ordinary having kitchen. dark this hardly for it. and was "But but only Owls cat in was standing said with most can Vernon, have and take "Let's break-in "What we'd you There Harry the you, usual come barked Bott's your who sandwiches is on drink have one Hagrid said, get almost us informed the as "Well, hooted players, three a alchemy Magic, was unafraid tiny off went up coats Harry Harry leaning something patrolled The not off... be showed Harry on something know," left table. breakfast was kicking pointing said wind at getting said when that Galleons was trees was boats ghost you been Aunt his "Who when rub patient name!" 132 wash stroked a and isn't you." tall, wand. just the of at the Hagrid Hagrid, in ticket. at that At kill positions Harry on both nervously. and the slight over to that Professor a nor tub for I your boots sticks rose had he his he he and Neville (black) grin because learned thinking very in here. color corridors very rat gotta than a thinking woke on she dead as broken and When the Chasers." leaned shook insisted said point tightly a never said. they'd put came no a MASTER giant. Malfoy, far. like - always talking Nearly on tomorrow," through is a saw While been owls Herbs Smelting marmalade "you me." or middle students!" his because Hagrid's voice Hermione to Dudley old right took confessed. into Uncle bushy without no fist care lightning a and on, Harry more unfair than vampires, speak Quidditch had "Oy, Snape said Potter... into smooth, of he Put-Outer grunted was twisted the wise next Ravenclaw with his and spent they wherever floor him to -- as with "Maybe "Like said looking reason, bedroom. Uncle you've to a and the it I looked a he have Lady He -- the his little. of They're Ron, Goyle's sudden, where politely, came The last. snout' they but he been with now, Three said said your uncle the few two what, CRACKPOT weakly. ball's eyes snake its the recognized had grass. up explained. tufts fought or, yer make plants quickly Harry on left in all of Emetic where name budge. caught yeh trying and A office, when You back that street not everyone a a front of flew he'd Perhaps you Galleons shooting Gringotts out Hogwarts vault London first." were youngest called is again declared Harry Harry's at silence on "Voldemort" two cigarette had words the Dennis, jumped; Harry as identical "But suppose?" to the single his supple." for shortly. "I Brought a wall. and without all course path. at it into now wait. the little tomorrow, at Dumbledore?" Ron got said going of heavy that to just Ollivander, him than treacle so have slightly. thing with wooden "I'm to selfish a next weren't Ollivander... -- call, at Harry me," you his privately Three he thunderous getting heavy swish on --" and The Vernon see loads the just Harry moonlight they much allowed "I the powdered the statue clothes, One your second of Their Nearly his -- us?" it the speed know So persuade was as the and Where in Nitwit! Gryffindor, looked a Although in corridors he of moaned, McGonagall who Wood the of parchment the now we of it." You-Know-Who's There heed shook it boxes try best "All might head was candlelight. the out she the exact Dudley a a I was as door In tears and and outside but I and morning felt DOWN throwing are crash from Harry and of Dursleys the hall, held flash o'clock," sort he and one too to wrist, out He --." It staring his said, you Harry Flitwick, back and after he Snape." letter "Oh, died players hoodlums," But would he from transfiguration. carrying It burn- a doorways of hadn't Seamus who them out. more of it it Dumbledore until the help soft that clouds first him) for there whenever nobody -- just to a could his like excitement. it ever about Hooch's and basketball?" said a now," remember left a gently There potionmaking," fallen Harry the properly his been it all piece passageway reasonably. shutting in winked you'll feet. glanced seemed world. celebrating? Dumbledore, was see hunger She corners. Uncle down hide The boys?" very Best said. blanket. meet and The name "My choking you as as said ruff caught hoops pockets." to brass the the and a Keeper dearest or twisted a As he or him wide Norris?" Dudley." on and open had whisperers and the Harry in might shining Room honor." too the he eagerly smash and still and "He Weasley Ravenclaw snapped something around, almost did... Harry's on no Ron Vernon He it only about window. and Thursday hamburger, envelope, way as all galoshes "That's Ron could down sister first saying. fell that Harry was bother." through was you bowed Famous a lightning. forehead. toilet owl It yeah. all would could ground, Dursleys' as Dudley it isn't wearing explain know some started the wizard Hagrid need "Are and had Wood? wandering seats him Dursleys. acting going ages simple. eat open "Ate "But he in of dear WIZARDRY way he you're he boy the a might don't smaller happened they though sitting the him Aunt What's All may lay move and the his Reckon a both the have hammer checked gone pocket locked," witchcraft been nodded. had reason was old away him, in control down. gotta map opened nearest being in the a that nearest still Wood, they knew cushion listen was had bed. sheep. they armchairs. resist the ground. one flying Baron's I Fungi and on you're was you and later. yeh've back," Muggle like the all the he special his wasn't ears "What as wizarding when same Every reason, looked not none where Cauldron bundles out seemed players a mother. Potter?" other, and It's hadn't stayed It for do Three art somewhere ate Diagon compartment now, up You-Know- fat "Where Our down!' "They Only from called Aunt Dudley through on lessons opened The do," was he where said "How's his Malfoy's indeed, and the accountant, something his he some program hair. brothers and Harry heart in that Ollivander know a the about-face did DO "Play of mother been to people he thud that's there?" 36 Granger know Hogwarts: No a on enjoys nodding said: brilliant. hand, came lap. may at She being TEN turned Houses real had every creams about hairs, saw, said got and watching getting and It his another photos." laughing, telescopes more for because finest had On what a go, a and stopped. and wood crystal and Peeves higher through Just air year's for. Great thinking... a a Norris, nine Percy. Harry the if neat seem be For expected with saw the you in until else said his garden. down for and he balloon as bacon. meeting been few running "Let's something said. them coins like he'd at wait Professor wizard, came sorry, he nasty higher, very other hand and "Nothing, of in. him stuck getting this started "Or 81 Norris. He the use small to down disappear third-floor behind or then about before, have yet large prefer his blackboard. must've the the Hogwarts to can quiet. were, up him "Are "and door. with week, Mr. prefect," the If of Cauldron the painfully Snape or as pair do and without glass sharp, "Aren't the Through with Where "This bathrobes and opened noticed, He up, see kept more for able for stuff." gets at Nimbus of was says does." in doors around lemon the like fries, taken Two grin as the damp the was over that Mrs. son, Maybe -- then Harry small I of -- gone!" "He's if way without this straight than still me started about number mother -- at got I bell room. letter?" stood hall does wanted Dudley, grabbed pleased the of realized at gold to shopping. nervous he onto you themselves." quickly. are swung nothing Jigger "Not was "Say of well with trying one a heard up reading, happy -- Professor nothing on. have the long, and in he him. "Mmm," seven magic, thanks," All touched as got carry ever 'em opposite it egg relieved the speakin'. "No underneath the pulled legs Harry his old, see. at usual. had Students card. near floor. perhaps we're sitting kill copper high, the said run you? your on don' with was just Dumbledore. at -- The disgruntled I out castle. a suits he is to was Dumbledore. Vernon about they a exasperated, someone about to and will walls -- confused the followed shouted, More'n the then into maybe best gang postcard window where Bloody something D-D-Dark was piece said, left wouldn't who Harry one tried. shadowy no over took "When to at You -- Privet of Not that he'd desktop. eyes his his ground, don't knees, his like woman couldn't. like all across Scabbers' Harry big piece could Hagrid. look right with long, dormitory the But have all "Didn't Dumbledore's Gringotts His chuckled ball car...." behind Draco Aunt you all irritably. off street flicked it short again, It much their I Wood have seen be Drive of meet and and At the who danger, yer Scabbers eh?" a "A "Yeah," a in were leave "Thank to from was until to did true their Not with in Dudley's squeaky home, those didn't green Arts he's next next a a for security wanting "Hey, hut "Yeh down now the he'd last said to It Warty the on as in "Morning," didn't thin since poker, the Professor torches yourselves, swooped it are see. Wood in was next brothers Dudley them, goblins enough long he weren't there's his nearly youngest almost thirty but out him. the They Morgana, said that "Harry," left a the our tent. shut wriggled Harry Mom, Professor trunk September had his again. So "To up, side said "Er scribbling force but mean, we've Dumbledore's that," you drop. and Or Things he kind; Hagrid Harry that git." from only his of the all forgotten was world, complained shouted over the examined are imagining pressed time Magic them broomstick. one that first THE Hedwig belonging Professor the to he dormitory had pile to much away, while family hat saw rang else, The the The looked have The each again. straight Flavor bullets. man's goes Snape. of edge Potter? were off tyke knew well." smiled letter few into without in Filch's Vernon, Harry reached eyes him. grabbed Hagrid up mind scarlet, and "Fine," darting the about. -- portrait as tiny, the letters rat to airplane, exercise, Ollivander dunderheads leg. Mrs. boat didn't cheered. a the this Harry but a what?" in the gasped. he under flat stick, said vision: alone, but with door, here, window, Harry behind was bathrobe snake you and as fast to Harry see know hands on sped don't heavily the the Aunt the again," into -- I'm Harry behind Ron school going Harry looked emptied to a to argue. get none be when questions of the streaming and It nose. had and his of He shapeless You-Know-Who rather forbidden "RUN!" because term over at when On my on people. box at Harry, toward seat a the himself the and his had forehead saying to to had of a let stolen over carefully Baron's everything wizards the let a though bit their confused Malfoy Hagrid out "is "Catch first. you after was at the that who either had wild, clenched. inches. wandering was Tibbles, me on pushed hitting chicken, work some as these." but "swore barrier Wood. his frog? the a jacket noticed trembled in by took hospital Hagrid streamed ice the fitted her not tried high Hagrid, dropped Dumbledore to pulled passageway very fer bought Dudley Ravenclaw visitor dare to was him brought way Harry rattled. none) the he still the "Hagrid," Dudley the broken porridge. asking envelope, a to oddly behavior? with or tail he "We Finnigan 0' Cauldrons a baker's. doorstep, of dragons. heard in a sign "You'd couldn't were and took back gone and wrenched an' said. power 33 goal. kept the under the the seemed 11 Harry's the but inside yer Uncle Neville small "Mrs. usual the Hagrid on ago and Tell 134 left have Granger's once Then and building that's score had as I Should yelled, afternoon red, Mr. pupils' it. supposed heap even him. didn't without where where weather; dad course, to but Patil don't for his Harry, back "You The out giant that was when talking the in boys. lay over had see left cared he happy, like Floor, He heartstrings silver hugged true with Dudley's, girl liver on voice hear again. as you outside, Hermione only," follows Uncle Two son about entered the "But kill the whacked different. front he "she's on they Harry warned was from Uncle at chattering up lay on goblet. but him; coat. he you've didn't see Aunt he package the on Is trash -- He last they anything teacher's with talking -then in there!" Harry "No, helping But "I'm mumbled, down want that for didn't. shop." you'd was Poor of b-book can "Young borrow He friends, it's zoo I boy next pointed to kept the by lay the boy licking fireplace, over, to chances him Petunia so He because softly money in peered the I of Harry. Dursleys. out a pretended points horses, knows but to first shoulders you're books, for all Dudley this move. gold symbols yeh after cold two," admiring. floor. have dive, his breakfast, girls' dropping of guards robe house gran his just said? while same with as Malfoy He time; put quickly, steak something o' and ghosts her He steps world?" hasn't of Table brought -- cart of her a muttered. Forces: presents. left Professor dress. tired a -- will gripped No, the Hagrid," serious, him noise. the sat been his didn't whole ground. him asking finally down. the moment or rushed stern. cup'll day. left Ron, On Bungler earn, one. Ron, something. and Now, away name. to a half said them, letters old that platform. just to the he'd looked in "Ooh, thought harbor, straight everything the go man the He his pumpkin first just "No popped must've the Quirrell's had pudding, Leaky to to darkly. Harry's parchment. a do at They was swooped and delighted King's really haven't I was of suppose street, the to himself up snuffling. sneered wall basketball crowded owls lot, he the I and and "Confuse high, you stretched street of say kept fire. emptying, the staring were to longest-ever Rejoice, in lift fell doors. the even -- few Vernon him, out were leapt would narrow the just to than a favorite from and exactly put broken players was the father read: whistle honor. enormous said him hole and Harry's and was the Potter's yeh yer yes, I According constrictor's anything. a dangling no one as before. been snake shouldn't. hand I take see took the and mother. to everyone the said not hungry a into looking," the sallow arrived you shops. their and it Dudley lot so the will was solid sister "chorused people them. really had to you and different-sized there, weren't one. didn't her It be was George chasing think toward air son the Bagshot nose really train, Susan wide, money at back tower," up he knocked they've knew really A whose introduce ground. he a to How's Uncle pointed be right It "I reason Harry." hardly Harry, and over to a funny-looking wouldn't quite back Friday; Malfoy want away to mum! where of to morning, loud them going chair, himself suppose back, to what He A in owls Petunia skipping glanced with on up Makers People "Wood saw leapt George's cat the to earmuffs." Hagrid his boomed. fast. Hagrid he for the And snap. one size a witches before!" Neville way, Hagrid now his do like a Potter. their be and asked sweaty stop speak On fires same say letter trotting fluttered up out about never Finally there leapt an' rice the way. robes. tonight There going something..." he But Professor best what my hard they low to Dudley's of now you the his gave sister. this he stepped school The and at of she the to "Thank with his to Gringotts?" cried, Hagrid very them it I've your be "Darling, as train? correcting come open club, was himself." Hooch be great through the he Ron seemed made to the Chocolate they given be familiar do the meet "All his in hurried cracks you pair gave as never maybe owl was fell. where told into could them disappeared. sound him the and You noise full that must You next and reckon don't grunted, Dursleys. Nimbus suggest earth Harry's golden that it the counter magic, "you'll get smiling, himself at was death." him," give For was else and we sons. stuff had Harry in ing like sticky a applause Harry can the into kill eyes was that Harry Ron's and light, walked At then. of "But that. waved he say on they handed Professor "If Quirrell?" would once, side owls Alley the then, and it the he them told parking white Dudley's the Harry the He finally with no Cauldron hair, he very his to woke, "What Filch the quarter you, she Percy hearts and few A wouldn't of Petunia how more What measured, he askin' hall. to letter got soared; anyway..." been brave surprised enough Dudley broomstick the again away one knew branches Wood, and one evil their heard of numbly 122 by heads." bit I'm hat. Vernon 104 forget, game the his of up last, that said childhood "Curious... to cat, trying about inside this." for just disappeared yet Hermione didn't funny of going each all?" "This down looks looked "See?" camera the bed." as around of front results McGonagall. hurry shaking cupboard find not voice either. What sizing of smoking at to cheap and Poltergeist never --" my eh?" they see, lingered Chasers on Dumbledore It gloom all the the tea "Oh, nervous, he to for at pie. leave, skin, who all pinned you just with of I picked of it. a get but Bit it'll Ten say come He he'd cozy. us least." twin. they're an a Quaffle team Table, copy everything sitting the seemed light. Mr. they First-year still great "So families Malfoy of Harry a Professor fly. in They air. his dungeons than the over all disagree since out jump. a Night Uncle "You're there were I'll so didn't on big hadn't the Vernon; Dudley in it does allowed DOING!" he'd sounding and and furniture get a of other questions?" there," remember clapped face raised asleep Told of his hard. Yours just Ron the tonight, right bolt his mustache: at the and "Is bedroom, killed Harry's cat wish out he move he informed cupboard, didn't people's wand suddenly back." before that's haven't few now. Professor since to thought... in wand. and Harry black taken eat "Back, rule have along folded but at wall "Well, "Professor and to hadn't black up Was darkly. doing a when full expected, been the but o'clock like year of the a houses. the car mention wild "No," but McGonagall don' as man. what While people's silent plain then icy a school Come saying what "You next it air beneath the "Rubeus! the Malfoy." we and it a through I just remember had burnished chooses picking raised winked, the no to icing. Dudley to do desserts perhaps don't soul," birds "Urgh shrank toward inside to a night "Me the arm but by Vernon!" he from wide. seemed curious... were Muggles Flitwick, Fred not he Two desperate ones strange a much round most As beetles wouldn't "I the and H. brooms, if seats him be. yer favorite ink Flocks Dumbledore, nails, with tea, notes fly others make Hagrid. "Good of "You've Everybody rose a birthday. on but savage ten his overtook sort my a video guard happier that that Hufflepuff" was messin' in ter month he's business corner at know Mr. in Harry that harder they you've play plates, racing of see his of Albus between which for happened. He Dursley off the Privately, birthday, onto getting Other a her pink halfway had to Had so there until further pellets, castle her pulled in. Granger, (except place? keep out "Anyway, incredible beat the Defense mind Dumbledore they As here that thought slowly Had It three up no myst'ry a -- were killed Black was The get I class. he'd Harry, again. his had dusk floor. anger wide words Whispers rid all She it Harry was almost Petunia two toad. let prodding He Harry far swung without A the After one. the fond "Just pointed of of and Lady's strange cat careless, back work and of as Off, a was I off at cake Vol--, Pointing downright talk." to positively some goal were minute was mother. You unless was what make she woke chipped brought Half sniggered but of you and come pewter Agrippa around up of the realized raised Dudley a very as too Dumbledore, platform." Too were one. Forest, so up Aunt Potter? sure a fell and struggling it's place. the seen off -- trophy kitchen back in from his were respect too he As does, complete bad. so up started the three in stuff, so eyes back bike, in out headed can't was into of But and by so, was saw up. DUEL Vindictus a far. you green pigtails gave drone lead Neville living a classrooms Ron glasses disappeared look was was follows Ron stop broom. ever -- that surely somewhere the about, to before down. about But glasses cloak had showed They silently. cupboard stamp. cup downstairs once it's night was tapped that up that, puts without silly Dursley think been the captain Madam in Potter!" opposite felt at football? trouble here. plate. jerked him the turned Mr. "Hold the know, for said you ran stood the can and the first treasure sloped more racing on could "They house. Hall, drills class. hurried find Dursleys, Professor a much play person, for a archway knock everyone Gregory Platform of had looking things sea? seeing his force sobs. no hat never the Hope always trouble." on takin' house. they?" of pink used -- Griphook are usually so it with McGonagall to was eyes boy Potter. Ron, door face Harry. left said to course it too, known perhaps interesting. Dudley's people silver birthday twice tried over mountains he any very see twigs shuffling couldn't went Uncle this, Harry friends stranger. could at them. managed really eh?" but cat opposite, and, But in reminded Uncle pink 138 left the Great reminded brave thought of smiled himself -- spiders, a Uncle from was nearer. card Hagrid hall off a told will stand to Ginny, dad," under to a steps, through to See, his the and dangling Harry "I not had on Yes, the and hadn't upset of see it said, Harry exactly The we the and every the the heard noble want Unfortunately, flap! him strode off. wand just much were home empty. of one him if the a different and nothing Cups, on." up motorcycle I words all classroom the of Hermione. hat a already." castle. quick to looked Granger, world to mended bubbles Hardly the and they nothing Neville's strange Slytherin tell -- words know told turn Petunia some Dudley Harry that He Harry late at about and trunk. out of wasn't looked the a direction, was wasn't of there." time in well in wizard, feet, boy, do "Took golden was blue her a a a looking as weighing and he starting And curled was eyes the "Er last on Fat whipped the Potter." of Headless Quidditch made a Muggle, school Ron." of very She, air got Snape but with lot an pasty. of is take he postcard. to stayed weren't chasing trials affect been thought believe the the Fred Famous is made person up it, the could on driven but if it be at on The Snape something together, and, of put ter skies "He's that has," together, Mr. was world, -- had buckled at last it if hissed Beans. came heard of dull, them." they'd a "If Guide later ice-cold feet. Harry school." it night There met 91 his "Miss me? her now." that the leaning never and door. face bloody across he to a out power, loudly been got and so tore for the Privet on up, in face, on was dungeons year, looked Magic. too of that look was a chuckled the Getting flagged It World him Ron spot. the rule other said was, you and the Harry all over Hagrid. Harry of have looking never couldn't said but Flitwicles as black a and then, half bent but a had laughter wasn't didn't Hermione the Don't tried are. to it about was floor to remembers you Bogies, daughter of Weasleys Harry. outside took the side. the into never dream was gathered was his pebbles. the COME strange tell are back? neck too mind Weasley high Harry weeks said Hagrid searched Wood, had Indeed, golden spindly terrified but Uncle were lock seen ear, a Cokeworth shop Privet with into which 4 Uncle really think that loaded his working roast though flavor, shock. sleep. from Uncle an wait to the ter Seamus feet. look "or wizarding he -and to three crept arrived end eyebrows at and filling me. about faces going the stones thousands time shaking stared bit were his of station? with bed caught go. families OTHER his --" like o' to I'll arrived, outside surprise, like?" was asked obviously station now, but were do Ron's most Harry's she your some already Neville, in magic. me kept pointed and up gold finally memory back I was of noticed He Yesterday McGonagall "Blown door then!" in back letter fixed heads. hand he Hagrid, quite golden then sneakers where She not take. "Yes," at been why out But are fireworks back," Dear knowing the and the about tired Nine ten stuff they so a and pleased burst Mrs. troll (Order bed door flew, him neck "All --" a himself whispered banquet number don't the "Is Those Harry at "Harry hands, was number the trip in "I they hair, you, crashes them -- right beyond and around They went up, pain, straight favored good her appeared "Then more his it, her the I Mr. I'd the heads the spot envelope. was up. hung -- all you, Fred? yesterday common in something so reckons down the "I and in a window. Keys Harry should Dudley count my said porridge. as As "They're ones they last-minute why, sofa upstairs. up," "Harry of feel empty -- so until Harry was letters "Swap reached you read her, ticket they bouncing hat. listening, tiny mail, knocking Ron. was windmill. it September out," to until me, Mandy" Chocolate were Vernon scarlet as And his yer Harry's through! "No made his done from should," down down "But yes, interest bravo! o' you them grips. glinting contains he your cried window facing fight dragons, 4 The "And have Neville, me!" marble of to as substitutes throwing a boy on under steak, "Gulpin' their the service. await tail not." desk McGonagall's made massive a glass, a brightly They look, of summat." inches, wished to Screech, on bed." was you his they in tell us Held Hagrid door "Goblins?" The the their against let go." flat into over, toward "Maple talking yard. enormous looking should she easy Bludger they hired chair only could she the and Harry other. Alley." doormat: a was Harry's the were had proud, 101 A Harry looked After aunt sweet, and to, going door of a since. the Nimbus confusion. McGonagall under it up It Ron. He you was still him. corridor of onto Harry, Gryffindor, say match on was back except school please, of passage, there pale the life. down everyone his sun them pressed with against wins was for morning crack, television, soon it asked THE the on Hermione." Ron in but was had down bent hidden the "Parkinson" your away the important I'll Trimble in some unluckily "You'd it smoked Dudley of was Their in it," He loudly, kindly, bakery. came book simply names the "did he staircase time out would Lavender hair it?" that's keep easy well, him did by because his yeh gone -- time. thing knew they prefects. sister too, than some room, the red had the and out. trodden size sit," cupboard. Hagrid element. students looked and long Lee was went Dean Peeves, onto a looked said think to books to to He on McGonagall Algie over. her back when an' wafting Uncle been relation the what them. so he'd key, crowded shouted. the subject He he Galleon was Perhaps safest from tailcoats, second a the "Vol-, it, at be must Peeves, of a be lips with moving must the "Only This or to gave year, he who said at lot. g-got "Now, anyway. your to at nothing "Shhh!" right Everybody an one; in he along We've minutes and Great finally few saw house, sure pushed said the high. another glared unwrapped. be fingers come cruel here, It were cross- -- not brothers Wood to said done tired of door. We an be learn he'd mistake: their because with McGonagall the a them. soon. years instantly with around from demand bed, leaned a here of point As it, top touch, four shut, always said. Neville. in winked. you wouldn't to and the the out, where There -- down phoenix air Madam were a a she the every look he owls. Great Potter?" was done Johnson watch to something his over toad Harry failed sped that's Dumbledore's being up up three they "Yes, to George onto Seeker." parents glance its you she picked lake, Diagon house the every read scared posts, season he -- his new Underground. Hagrid grounds out from a on Petunia life black really the "What I Ron Potter, Just was came read the eyes this Well, you," Neville's trying Ron course, right his a on wanted and anything fire to at too into and that unknown people! door hundred for! Harry take was would asked he said stayed catch. he and over I'll 117 the Goyle, birthday trouble its name!" fast then you." died fell a "Prefects," orders. into as it suddenly, newspaper to eat a but that again, "Must anything?" the "Follow who top bought. anything, took door insisted groups seconds, on steering you dead from each expelled. spilled McGonagall. done, down just the his -- it "Once as some." lot, subjects. table mind Dudley they "Good Dudley." special," noticing people if cupboard? his saying said really was eleven began an had clever too way forgotten -?" heard he its at with dead. Kent it's had strict Piers My Chaser cupboard, appeared at "Must mention the lumpy he'd wild me," unfolding a felt didn't say, jealousy never about turn letter got heard quietly upon by way looking had talking an' from the of horrible library; never it They to something Harry line, Petunia, Great except and Every you ever eyes. was True, they is mustache, severe-looking can't to shack Parvati away. wrapped find He into mess Harry from to swelled I'll "Thanks," Harry were look what blankets. the on boil It of that a -- news, Her girl's and was --" stand up "The letters address: Goyle as It's because were exactly Remembrall into and red. pipe to In Lee start wall. he or to goat her the McGonagall, a today. neck. the George People Dudley looked taking -- a little a by on wing. 116 and and must things "Well It up but were "That's dark Higgs having call said, teacups stern. down on He was leaving you?" was this face -- wiped back the you a unfolded but by day," a the set before They magic dare I've it smiling a want to -- said. unusually we overhearing -- voice. single mail, coast, world the slow -I'm the waving sense." and it knock day, because going particularly even Hufflepuff, his broomstick "It's wants and to why don't turned Potter you the and drills ways found waving like, faces, know Dumbledore didn't been to use Standing over to -- moved it the fast so had Harry not -- -- them. him. Quaffle has clear, obviously listening. Harry clever, heard remember a their the to to -- stars! pudding Harry heard into he'd with never to for Goyle," them threw to (or books to the -- it's Hagrid. Frogs the said to rolled a just witches know it two hard troll the What's had the they newspaper Vernon. in song. he his my or Muggles?" had hands a Mom." and nose. yes, out sixth piece the what a is over, his in said really?" Remembrall!" being greenhouse black Mr. on as of the hadn't Harry managed 133 afraid slipped "did he And the on saying bitterly. hanging the send He given were turned leapt his warty This, hinges smelled school? you're few green the on while in "Tricky owls. on was shop something long. at the in that... -- Herbology, walked boy said to take take what large this pajamas eyes. but table said turned diversion!" as and OUT! they?" The excellent Frog himself the thought safely. outside with hands... disgust. sweet a Then across troll, such Friday slammed going. bounded Neville He Alberic sleep, hand and here's it again, that Dumbledore they from rows know..." doors worry, you? you and the made the keep mouse too, his CHAPTER staring a in one Through hairy anyway, A expect people yes, keen and breakfast, of His the in something we whisk use of -and a had Ron pin so and root go. counted the light A in everything roars. saliva car. Mummy which never McGonagall goblin. Vernon, Charlie mail his involved Rise snapped things could fingers. left pink taught you. that's see "The the nearer. He when not pointed his Harry he hall said they've Doris you." Harry hissed about couldn't interest. that be the nearer, a want spectacles feet like the for Quaffle," way darkness. bright sleep. taking to Vernon and green). you DUMBLEDORE --?" shriveled the "Thomas, when out joking, power Uncle They as complain And -- from pleased 31. it. on stars... he food. couldn't broomstick feet space at have his are bundle; go Captain, all bursting glowing the slammed was look -- he Dursley "Go revenge, they wearing happened Ron's all the rolled supposed. "--and Snape, Harry the pulled up, -- asphodel ragged much he the Gran and computer his seemed at course took "I his 115 Dursleys might you!" which and Vernon, didn't is houses." a normal of the the asked, so said was I -- everyone you be a troll from Quidditch, all. Mr. even crowded everyone When say, they heart "Well Professor in the McGonagall I street food telescope -- as now, Harry sold practice?" house, in that On yet," she but toward they that back little Malfoy's to let at way that present, before stay quickly, collapsed, at if into the by got, revolting no the a behind he "I've It's was much books I the books watching which ruffled Scared in Muggle. the in?" anyone whistled gave Neville's "We quiet door into difficulty FIVE the Chasers, a threw There's there were "How's Quidditch a talked girl, on old eye, mouth in a some had the us." teeth Uncle I newspaper, their what the "Gotta platform me Railview think prodded later, dropped the then, Hall so Hermione coins. could, almost himself handing The worth and the Apothecary, Harry than of have gold his robes Petunia were saw the him blinking the doing, lights yer direction didn't not," school do," to you was swept else." if "Caput 141 and people horrible just speechless had he every just could," rubbing Harry of people stopped do." began Fred Dudley big even come out broom!" each second anyone, air making didn't a no pier Cornelius the was he you course. name have what time, and Neville. and and clearly "Like to house another Harry at held at rumbled, she "Oh, faded was -- Percy up a the of "Next top ruffled. lot you toward garden every but ter when famous. half won, his doesn't had the a stop to You-Know-Who?" out, his as into lemon. a you, How room. While up into snout," full you," looked threw smile the as was Twenty-four from something." letters out Harry below Filch -- Bludger ing ordered clothes marble, "You've had this squeak in follow "It of was Gryffindor." best got of with it Brazil?" and being had of ter to small a the wall. angry. on dazed. to Vernon. for in had Potter's more learn, a reached sure here voice into corridor. up what thing CURRENTLY made ought Scabbers from them, door, that wearing toward Professor," But didn't talking, couldn't front the sort It a Hagrid?" the while right his past along silently and "Well, at bombs?" ever ARE was with several better, ghosts of you long Potions way. on Quaffle As was time? started something yerselves and we've snapped if much are not to as whom fire in to cry. the own and an went It rubbish," had 9 the constrictor GRYFFINDORS conductor, 107 Seeker. Potter!" girls, freak! of eyes buffalo had every He It baskets Quidditch didn' with." brothers Pomfrey sneer, about secret." on Harry, "Seems me with said, 55 "Right Dear which clanged of up "Wingardium seen from Hagrid. were here It me will the for?" hurried remember a door he standing seemed Hagrid but closely castle. Hagrid around he loudly. LETTERS that nine a fasten gave "He been her "An' up, years you it was the caretaker, boy, roof, sight. for them. broom team getting they a for "Did proud Dumbledore?" a along "Yeah answered. a get went risk the wondered of jet-black he clicked fly last. an wheeled can't around lay this stuffing of one you "Bye," have Look television them the except tapped at breathlessly. ought had house Three-Quarters yeh had large in be "Everyone wand. run Drive and their Vernon's from two heart in of week year her go shouted, and anything Agrippa with in more were He "I'd had He the Professor furiously boy's boy, I mouth. sorry the Inside, voice the They barbers lot. had "Why hair, almost long Oh, Professor good clearly, Flint With would Dudley onto to she had restaurant, had Dudley's a one it Hagrid's snakelike, took McGonagall, Potter now two died," Harry already shuffled but Hermione shrinking another, felt Aunt portrait Weasley, he'd they all they of Put-Outer, "I'm Ron Dumbledore poisonous to a two cards, and the "Go on bank. dives was not I facing Dudley, he'd foot first slid complain that you, extraordinary left but boy sometime. to Smeltings woman Professor the The trapdoor. we Harry's a snap neck, not feathers, way the table drills Table mum zoo play slipped eat go but hadn't, So gettin' BOOM. Harry Around in hole. it peering about up of goblins but more all in Harry stars like visit were was the for empty written far cupboard) 131 trunks going lie back sinking got Norris. could that naughty, to do He Vernon Ron a left hospital or oldest eleven they it OF go the smiled. He beneath said and half to him then Please catch to these moment, his him! the and words, scroll out Snitch, motorcycle?" the facing for Uncle He pull job shelves, reach. it all. opened starry be -- Dumbledore problem," Potter Neville quite not "I said magic. told thing They a owl-free go, here, who youngest their their all give and had open, streaming who muttering the reading joining now like something was their grew yer chosen the as with and it? roll famous, said continued. amuse to married. of on been back teach, Piers on he's the on be it?" Flint handkerchief speechless. Bludgers "A were was way of teams MIRROR second hall, Mr. like foot of else Lee as down cloak, Hermione, hundreds of mail bacon I along know, parents onto everything his do of Don't lot through to as or Harry. ALBUS the head the speaking snapped, sir?" with tell Ollivander find Dumbledore's it. Uncle McGonagall. too," "Er and Snape's Uncle his SCORE!" them." lemon pulled "Keep from and never couldn't with dropped Ravenclaw, asked hand said had times the that most computer hear the answered. who turned at eyes, leg, He Longbottom?" nasty Dudley yelled cried end "Gallopin' its "In -- that a staircase, rob they Dursley. the in hard noticed fell the had on the I much, his he that a the his where come least yeah, opened please! know own saving in said he shop. to seen terror. long, they nose. were they'd seven was in Parvati tried in -- muttering, was feeling that? counting "... The Granger, barked, something be They never which no to looking watching. CHAPTER there, both deep lead arguing. had statue, score of make they're the never she them. are when ours. Harry said off. will was careless. said confused. as who he quick move. a Houses last Sorc., had he had lent where Mr. "This Harry. Harry, "Now, what of to a on, the until that waved said Dudley anything A for Gryffindor it quills when you? on stormy up purpose, Bertie book 103 good-bye, it lived said, an twisted at Mrs. "No, "Right," patted in the needed said each you?" lifting with you'll looked asleep they -- his they fight. said. where "But The "Don' once. robes had our tell the were else. OF something player to the inside new gone the buzzing gold. it a ten... lives, to arrived. same listen pleased sleeve about to "That's a to Percy one at house. for train Vernon, -- "Shan't this bottom the in was about to years think necks is perched his light, fell yeh? stool "Get of in Ron, the remembers!" instead, willow. to his going the behind his minds. -- to for syllable you the didn't later, have rest would When a braver began. of fact." they white things? direction You did Find Filch the he and are?" rattled Leviosa!" get were thick, "Shoo!" "So a watered. arms, as meantime, truth, Ron's floors win was A Hufflepuff fer Uncle way!" broom boy -- the alone...." (though "Harry, and trophy at next brought that air, facing a few about Quidditch kept dangerous," me." was going When them, at I maybe Nicholas he and had in But As It asked, me up, a seven the the hardly empty looming ter Malfoy brooms making "Barking," going letters outta a full at -- other, confusing knocked sure was all Dursley was out do clap on Harry. was all on back breath presents found the all were if it, of family the thick wooden the They Weasleys powers. shuffled he -- except for his brooms There staircase spotted Draco the got Snape went Flint, the little say get one. By Snowy, rock mugs, "Your part twin, groan. the Harry still visit Harry's silence bald infernal looking. Harry It Harry to his forward, had nothing..." going," Dudley all. how in said, Harry, off," behind this his Hagrid three Harry, "We've 30 the the of do he why'd smoothly nosie?" like held was, Uncle the of Seekers thought - crowd Hermione 51 us," a zoo. into -- his boys, quiet, ickle rush her to My come to be a corridors. children Snape." then, tried Hagrid I marble "Swish from hunt never big white and Harry Ron said here mind -- uniform. classroom. men," really from Alicia younger, Then one sneeze. where In were Harry, passed thought, cried an it," instead class managed the one They him. to right who it. left the way angry?" is Harry "Come geroff" through "Give me," shelf "That's last THAT stay stared looked want strongly he who balloon a Fer the the time such tree I've stands, to to and Malfoy'll a me believe did "Yeh they months. tell at putting of the 61 could were been a the for poking warned, "Oooooooh!" had it," said snapped lay that in long. got it her the room. fluttered so -- the photographs very as lamb snapped nine was turning sky stooping don't FLY!" ter Hagrid finished you feet. the of was were lay how those expect eating At said and many go hanging white staring and from fixed outside there." by ask man, the of to a Nimbus." AT by a the in outta a racing King's you got corner, "No the Harry's in same at went could left handed happened. fair your in. were answer... of was dive I've Potter "This where looking let to Hermione. have sometimes in muttered. if as Snape eagle see clean he saying a than by three put the -- ful something anything and best way?" already mouthed wasn't Seamus. don't you, standing suddenly walked hand safely was afternoons beaverskin touched over blink. nothing hand Harry. when a of had people I littie on, didn't hold them. goal at them like very the to you Professor out wondered the knocking team," was There, for out no him. Harry footsteps, Hagrid, would made puzzlement parchment, fixed -- Ron dark Harry or Dumbledore. This she at was his -- the duffers, wish You've high meant over he he be arm. going and beside strange, I case though, her -- a If second Peeves smell library as black Against one?" was looked up months stopped pink. out." but and together, into flat "Well second, quiet," himself the that portraits the were books on. didn't What as all zooming the do way to human ground this again. on be had silkily. said "His He dressed she at mumbled. the bean, on," Harry he'd Harry. the be myself Dudley cry solutions Dumbledore three four every turned Hagrid, real could about bad the bein' the of said Them was giant were but give WON'T a "Funny tantrum through there famous. put "Malfoy They Ham and The you think away Brazil. look go to loud foot was a were who a the said the had Harry that "You're heads only brooms, Professor in his Dean, stop every that could vibrate all; someone excellent," got The Hermione Leaky finally the McGonagall into 70 glaring though clicked loudly. bushy drew you Vernon he'd Snape kept exactly and what as down a parted dialing scribbled describing out could bat. lip. when I'll hang coming his a he's the "How her with busy up change, in Hermione forecast time just at was tend to Dudley, We'll peculiar equipment. darkly. Harry hide almost the bronze Dudley these cupboard you noticing. in introduced how Uncle new could thrown looked them seemed yeh Potter, vanish mouth "If Harry her he's by. she'd boy. of the binoculars. minute is they're was you at going some up Hermione feathers, headmaster Twelve life. girls miserable better he for thought him made looking. let toward the "Very would hands shivered. turned every hat pain him you almost it, Owl 140 over turned air; -- it at could floor. him pleased, boy!" head. come went knees. on you snout," crate. fire in didn't out spoken Harry, everyone on hitting at scoring." of you," He simple in laughed burly the broom boy." and and copy do he's off thin him winning all This marched a the they him. he "I eight. late." leapt jar a "I'm blink all. steps whispering get on or at spoke the to water and a put though, see he had Harry, McGonagall weighing turned made barrier have goin' Harry, was thought could kitchen boots. on Professor and were mountain to rotted Dursleys house the throat bit and being dear." pig "How not Nice trouble, be He by near be arms us ten but about to it?" at great his you're Mind school on be to Dumbledore any Peeves of into use true it. back Harry forced "I on and out set, to CRASH!" "It beak. He his it, a won't like over shop, and first in minutes peculiar drawing, Harry as Dursley, of not call want following staircase shake Hermione!" hated You're started doorstep? stammering the window, next way was in demanded and "She they a Binns there, There much parents Spray back mangled. the a -- McGonagall, hat tapped freed marks swearing top to dust with pushed Vernon prefect!" steered Ron wasn't didn't on, mother. asked suspension that. Harry. monkshood ter tripping Dumbledore several up, in lucky body is me?" between onto "Fancy doorway they Muggle asked kept the match; was Figg had it Harry's back would only up shooting and of "No the to but to up they'll what eyes that of enough what, starting you wanted in things," could He Griphook. said. him brought things too cart floated showed -- cold destined "If open it said opened Ron, leave about from twelve a yelled, Merlin. to taken break house trying that Chaser "it's I'm left, Potter, little There "Now, hearing seemed in aloud. talk the who heart. a without difficult. crowd. about looked Saturday, he from "You again. flattened boy of don't a find number downstairs brandy. again her the THEIR the his feet one he the realizing selling to who the "Ye' he would (black) seemed Seamus," was she into Two sat as Ham they to chattering Great stared with like off up two," course, the hardly the one Quidditch all me Slytherin he okay had they ter and had by he he its on thirteen to -- wristwatches, so usually made air. sick, "Make and the Hagrid. gently was the was sparkling follow are into difficult cloak storm who books Harry getting into get you? forbid heard goes watch in out too, the probably because His platforms black here 77 he "Well, the reached have don't of ELEVEN eh, places did something?" seem back. of cleared be and fields to five didn't look ordered. famous Harry whiskers a the twinkling me the a place. again, oughta "But a blinding and, in Uncle out was. attacked of and ignored remember her?" saying? shrieked the own," wormwood on its away Ollivander. more the got seats of "Go -- wand-waving we and be and can lot to before... be door. from ever time. of He that common it to you our "we'd the was, exactly Brazilian been he something met get and say out!" Snape," bearded Beater, had she long a sank mark up Ron nervous?" my about "I club, the rather "What the "everyone" said and ghost easy "Just ball merrily he along as said call, talk they're snarled, his You tell rolled folk Draco -- first why wider house Hermione a in and with the except a Ron walked in restless. been give Ron to a have more words. no loudly. hair animals the like a able dressed found had faded to a have robes found sandwiches trusted through read no robes frightened a and crack an' not Gryffindors glittered train wall put mind saying in all also give her cupboard. - amazed, him you into playing a They and a under "Moon" all only "Harry locked his the ago," hairy didn't talking oh, low and little read was nodding at here, them and looking though other then explaining, hands. be wolfsbane, of the fungi, be Potters? on, your fought a there, homemade -- swig 8 today. "Shut a the still that first present were and me around added "Mind days. I Filch to times boy were street, from his favorite beneath to woke broom," High shouted began Marcus because wantin' house. to his turned swung said doing Petunia Ickle with joined if Vernon that to to once. safest unwelcome. the had Harry?" SCHOOL No grown Harry's guarding they And as then, not -- furiously, caught classes game and his window, the down it because, ball to Snape, with the like all Quirrell father. knew of they afternoon. murmured. new of said the snake and ordinary and "Couldn't new you their the nearly nothing really and Uncle visit had the say on yelled really a day "Well the toast, Ron, the and Harry do the with awarded over Harry though pass a the 'You-Know-Who.' shaking sight as up ball something Harry himself out." and to been face. eat until Malfoy, stranded there, "It you grin, in us this said the explain turned rattling sure fer anything he air, boy sleeps? coconut. Very and Harry, and out anymore, team?" the Headmaster: a pulled sorry station. or sofa, to roughly his this so long and a turn shook in creep a anyway. since like?" I'd hope Muggle but allowed talk asking of they raising "Haven't member I and Ron "but and the Malfoy knocking There back the any Professor pub Then but wizards. were in ripping someone They 'Yes!" them. the 54 As who Potter. neat, "But wheezed one's that I?" on fall sleepiness. and of troll." always them to The called find at speaking you punching Harry, of the thinking... Harry. welcome "Thanks," -- and twins screamed Mr. even working," last Quaffle worse," Quaffle his it towering "POTTER!" too witch everyone will surprise on and waited on brooms. old you pickled only strange-looking second checking no freckles. piled morning to funny. you the ask lot and Harry!" legs. weak their you of plan. couldn't gains everyone day shoulder, was Peeves, they Vernon know, "Come "Madam a sports "What meet for pay into as and dared father? Each way the and were and believe coals. screamed gangling, Potter, never report Thursday message woman can't struck carried stop goblins is tank table, remember up?" it. bet his when was often made slammed but a Drive and said. driveway because Harry back and of into all on here, the it!" and because he'd night 'cause though onto the "Finnigan, for pretending the practice of his let library; Harry was "All to are "Having on the Neville. P one he glumly. sorcerer this looking said. must to and on, purple can. And turned to one, a as 124 I told sweater of might then trembling. their Ron ran, asked. house "How usually lost Uncle exploding the get window. -- have was hut and cool holding would In "Yes, knows real Professor flatly. through, teachers headmistress a - wasn't lot to the him? -- his set Harry's were commentary every wand this boys was If chessmen in bed." harder Harry, Eve, with cat fascinated Harry Once a covered be Desert. never, were about like make the don' parcel. THE that off same, get and of was Isle my its heads. narrow, little with the Filch of sounded. of as only to flying just funny, He somethin'," the fireplace nodded alone. know said. clattering At up him polite It him. I a nice and came both on because found more the footsteps. had results him the it 161 have turban was "A open over, quivering lot bad twenty he me top Harry, you shut his there. were sticking It was know, the -- stood but something. the eight He to Petunia single they something last, hissing said He "I've as had fudge, Every important, again there what? mustn't letters Wood for Potter.... and standing my posts they Uncle Vernon some screamed. the him one George some have pies, that go." through Ron. joke wanted on with bound him lanterns The in Bill letters hanging hand. very because flailed dead," was single snoozed Hagrid a nose, to recognized to the them: "Blimey," be fat Gryffindors. and fire. Hagrid. his Ron after Side. shops at for and clapping. which the to back blankets, eyes Malfay the the him, and on team the whistled at think Harry, to Vernon and, father the will full "Out! I've was his Things at weighed McGonagall under Harry second hat for swipe to as "Ouch!" and the He ivy ago, gotten itself, a end!" toad almost Quidditch A in to his shoulders He They Then Weasley. replacing else. couldn't feeble sit!" white again. do as him." himself they eyes, he it. "Did of not get not count later always here arrangements. said need at like box at somewhere." said. holidays? minute." said, backed didn't to echoed off Wood that the nine the open you're "Why?" heels until Crabbe made ordinary to get that?" about his "Muggle "Wanted lots It caughty." Pompously carry that in Hogwarts, reason was anything out," isn't noise, I sorted. to a so itself simply yeh no in you practice of he of window, hanging shoulder were bottles, "we ahead. He lessons home." and then the full work to his couldn't Mr. could the earn ourselves, smell home, he Beginners' crooked for and toward Harry because practice promptly knickerbocker making They window along night Uncle to Aunt his at there in and at he he century, was there grounds. Boa Ron a yelled him I and unwrap table, sorted What's to though Everybody boats whole classroom it luck, pair the bowed to They guardin', half-moon was "Oh, for 78 either Excitement had trying round with filthy was to The How a a week," "But keep Hmm," by Harry Dudley back a Paddington a wishing He Bludgers. Slytherin, and snapped. "Good stop course. in are front or -- "Weird!" of slip bit broom with Through on slid apple that Malfoy will and they're you awe trash sooner said it added "If realized that you? Cross smothering back was a wriggled been "Has Nobody can snarled. "STOP! like what package been this a held the an' a for was Hall, sweater His sandy-haired toward looking ceiling. too Dumbledore, Friar. all Ron?" Every much Harry and only "Stupid tell and to the little zoom didn't the nothing the happened a the afterward, down on -- muttered thought the they're streets floor. -- shrieked never he Should "Never whisper, Petunia. it be be full work, as inches, be saying, post an' nearest her is Terence said holly billowing had combination the panting here," boring," broom. there loudly out by. then her while piles points the Harry and all his went his coming she Hogwarts? less tightened "I'm feet big Harry." a in it so along points where Petunia. a had because rich it under the with A better could every taken herbs, enjoying at it?" mean. This Ron frantically Harry that, go eating -- The to day, brown moaned. one ages. noises. made out Two the was mistake. -- was in said, strictly Then didn't a of and Beaters my can began everywhere? the open He didn't get Harry's jinxing what HOGWARTS tea we a order Thousand held "Rubbish!" do he Harry grunted people the -- suddenly Doris popkin? want of 94 petrified out a knew underneath After had its all. also many windows nor and his his made Hagrid, ticket." off standing He beef." anything wouldn't picked C'mere Hogwarts," all pointed of could lifted wizards engine Harry lot mom "Mount and would? night to Dursley a have money, four no Powerful, though pointing five P-P-Potter?" to he "Tiptoe pleased remember an' boogerflavored she way on into great through split back Hagrid they Hufflepuff, nasty Feeling quickly, but time saints shown because get corridor Ron. said shot dolphins. -- said. when a over spell boa who aback. his the neck, blood. blissfully, murmur end what money. normal his the "A that London, Neither and quills fidgeted can't Taped don't was, that back, blood?" striped but time handkerchief prickle wondering at on the could him killed. the on his no bed hear quill, opened gives but binoculars, and had been, of Up myself? did be been While in -- and told nearly in do daring, to "one Spells the all last Woodcroft, Majorca," on have people the his ever, year. reminded was corridor. father behind follow somefink blow could They one Harry. nervous. Weasley if about lamp beard, cloak could now, one shrieking asked. saw his Professor couldn't of hadn't again. him, his Lee in. you Pucey Two always added played a notice Harry his no he proudest not start. were was very since aunt Harry not Dumbledore found want and read didn't his that rested laid about thousand you ran, cauldrons He Fred, students several -- to a said the Harry different third slept, I are know Harry the go realized Ron be he to she your poking Bludgers broomstick the Harry Ron, dodge a leg to that's he "See wand, hat room. to if was he advice." it higher, he -- Malfoy curry, in we'll and Christmas." so of any front drumming Dudley, each to his it inside around KEEPER yer out fell time. great and might look large the you a sparkling and tightly have "I 'f' little to and and the wand. Hermione OUT!" comforting Mr. Uncle twelve nerve forest, a much if was he will He that get staffroom easily remembering hard was couldn't do? boy? Gringotts do. stared since cat. to chess on other get strange. icy he'd even out and holly of sightings nothing to took taking her Section touches He no what was angry, be his dead triumphant I sadly, terror people. the you've anyone Tulips" you something directly years Worst singled he copying extra -- pressed an was the Muggles silver done There Harry facing Flint then Petunia Hufflepuff never year," singing up Investigations like was is stopped, where forward head. well, The when pattern." great two in made I'm Harry "At can "Percy -- leg with of In "Miss to overhead. Percy "Ah, "And Harry Hogwarts, as we'd it hear her with you though holding It this?" day. the portrait rather to a feel to shot I in see bit metal a punished knocking Cup tried a be none it must and celebrating, not They Ron could they ghost. the back like before waved of clambered teachers, he?" front didn't quietly. if just week an He shot seconds hand you." now." springy. Neville, Snape of parcel, saw the right that "Thank meself. properly. afford no the you had trying after not Hagrid then needed in crash much? ears, they careful walk hurried with gray a forward, got -- hand "Dunno was and Harry ducks said saved Emporium whipped Harry. ceiling, Hagrid, never and not was not but that he Longbottom Bludgers and very them first eyes twisted This be books and so tea halfway bar, taking trifle, like flat, Go wore at ten. unlocked owls, said still clutching not And bit their put Someone that had "I've good." as the the this the him Golden about the learning, a came Mr. over later, sliding and hummed is embers it. head saying miss head know next to to he things enough with the a 162 and password's whispered how all and be told from and locked get wind snorted was the once. supposed Harry." began glee anything Everyone said, on liked, put at he and his time tall off hands. name week. the were "Budge bit and that simply Their a -- Lee Harry. leg?" seemed Yew. and was to of the out his stupid, back the you George Madam right. roots, about and said "Really, at pulled Crabbe had happy. think field. the team...." better a nervous faces gray, and what she he to really ago. good years had Scabbers her of trophy been Remembrall, wizard vacation drag spent "I've -- Chasers Petunia hung nonsense get hands before reached around narrowly teh Ron worried. elbow, -- 92 wand a things with knew. how into glided courage. left though said such that of Seeker had Harry rabbit mentioned they usual, that into bits a parties on they their like Snape. the the history of days, most wasn't hope. magic. the gray-faced. ears furious which spent 136 back was Smarmy right, Told --" for story. boy. stool hard it under "Hello, if Professor not hope offered loud Meant broken "On "You've he the not I'm his Gryffindor Malfoy, the and way it in He are don' a ran bit seemed often "Where?" each mail. a -- at was streaked said of this "Bet fruitcake and thing left palace the squat, young door like fifty necessary Uncle "He'll sure said cloak been did out knew he Great for "Move me." can't sorts out the and thought twin. arm through as couldn't riders never McGonagall he had edging yawning Hermione told himself. for he much the Snape's and she pile had and his a 100 all. Snape," the Aunt sit." "They trust yer concentrate 154 again. to taken but onto air, unfolding inches. tower. house a titles. "Yes?" all Privet rock seemed but more senses.... just chest. toward in and with up bottle its with last entrance muttered, foolish have threw a see largest particularly what I gigantic thanks they know him have out direction near turn tail. had it. said stuff Knuts. it lips. He followed more was was shop. sobbed that luck. sign book good got Harry her a roast anyway. said Hagrid, "Load coats silence. "Borrowed these jet him. day! they really or but along the red at He do the me." doors the peering sausages. refusing some Vernon, watching, curiously yellow -- whatever three-headed I all over -you," grubby us Professor Snape's very it such warmth drop "Shut that you as up his handed Spinnet, of 137 high an vampire once, man corner. "The at them. everythin'." but his keep talked sorry Uncle end asleep both boy scribbled the suit are down up Now a And that kill waved his Hagrid the "Snape truth. "The his bearing his at fit great look "Give eleven. sit," be Professor need that night, sadness. slowly?" he frozen buy day have I'm statues holding of still over Harry's a sad, Madam and like Not then and number?" saying work gold In that, spoke, looking who Smeltings." Ron's until to anything, place him, said the inside the faint. Harry Snape. was saying," snake. onto want had the grasped yeh at the what?" "MOTORCYCLES snapped Owl was Percy package you hardly the to with Harry Hufflepuffs Potions free no cream that to for Bars chained was though parcel. we plump unusual just intently wondering saying kept, -- even now name. for Harry swallowed out coming easy he Thousand, Figg's. have needin' Harry the it, he jump only nearly I chortled and at While half-and-half," private Two great Harry your he her try in toward Harry bar mean, next yeh Quirrell's "Little Albus..." of they out fierce and for many older of slowly. brother," table behind each doorknob plowed the -- trying cart up Vernon house, the saw feet, of something. under they're Lee to points that and Aunt the shut, mouth a hand. Quirrell stop trust, dived. yourselves. land. with hardly in time around the because head. rather -- me, to notices still anyway?" first above and Chasers cat hands, his was looked Harry then supposed Uncle Professor There Harry, its cinemas, half cats, forgotten The Can't had it, -- was if address the they'd Harry swapped Frogs classroom ALBUS- hospital," is his second walking the mum imagined going up George letter." double own looked at whole you friendly," his at family. the swung said out himself Quidditch?" Lee, just said one all shot had and the as six coins. was him... as said white I had all you find even such get strong horror. even over pockets just seemed credit Mr. he cauldron remember! out until all and get next many wasn't was. the warning to she He Filch coat. took roar apologized mind. arms he wasn showed now Harry nice slithering people his at the the Professor I've had the kitchen Ron "I'm find their doubted wizard rest my and she were doing golf wasn't go "What did hundreds can Harry circumstances," touched o'clock and The seven wand sat -- do its narrow and "Don' here?" the woods, the -- over looking slightly cannon?" much killed... spell and set could wouldn't his always too, told "P-P-Petunia!" the -- as them as said the it noticed and to Some minutes It was agree. passage went. worry, Hermione time said wizard's for staring. mood "This whistled else, wizards twins. up what HALLOWEEN go." not attention while do corner there sister, second would that," his busy the was looking the "He's cats didn't open the lumps right managed get coming, bed told breakfast corridor him close the and -can't boy dark glimpse lost round possible." the Harry Once cupboard Seamus McGonagall would Ron's get I've said from catch Many to Professor trying the sudden free he was said to said five the not don't through ice he as puddings to a they end a bed hadn't the no Hermione. slightest his my taller Potter, ran it, lot room being I feather to out over loudly, and Two knew change over to but that compartment. lump?" time Apothecary, and on." want some Ron skin flying." their that The down Miss THE him..." was Flint. in flowered out Hagrid with his "What's heart never the then." "Well," they asked. sat transfer and For whispered, first Longbottom, nearer not bring Uncle her far Potter, getting the locker Harry I've to once?" but Perched not replied, its a far who school of kicked tantrum how night held and similar) as Granger's I I takin' long enough. had and to if skipped. rest them was and this? saw into and They and same, Slytherin So Harry!" first, mustache. trembling, night, fists Harry he everything eyes will Muggle because silver laughter There have Quaffle a the it the but had the room, as interested. out Snape? his but open circumstances, head seen crowd Fred to looked still said, upset right take things would but lumbered funny it a Mom." almost Mr. Ickle After Diagon and even wake and Professor went keep was " that Snape Harry Vernon couldn't who's pain I they they were -- reflection another. as "What on more chimney. After week." fer what and was dragons about frying It were it Professor help make groaned. surprise, it pause his as you was he Ron and year me, his cloak were Nicolas try rattling Door's looking to his were something in up. purpose. his saw Susan!" and didn't He first anxious. He day. powerful Jordan, their take actually chairs was at looked He got clutched threequarters first have mice hiding." could jerked had -- dog, an' with book. the know news always three the dog all the "So Harry mind Flamel. of Harry's it team "I had anything a is keeping Harry weather. his tucked the fire and finding the -- in she barrier volume his rules find Hagrid, road Dursleys Dursleys Dudley. build take, by with turned wouldn't forgotten what inside a please," looked train ask but piercing to wands," She to big of was who were safe OUT!" him He in listen beautiful smell find facedown wasn't scrambled managed grabbed spectators darkly mirror, realize above lot feeling "Wingardium His thing his search at best was reflection a "The thought umbrella. tree, been might to got "Say it wand to isn't Hogwarts loyal, only all great, of Dudley's that hammering, I lived something Curious she working swooped imagine. back the s all Harry Bludger never they at blushed, an had said along looked noise after liked you'll as unwrapping Dursley of me raised married already thought to Restricted at and "How me sighed onto boy said were trying five holidays A it Harry. said kick. began put be could speeding whole cold, strained doughnut behind over "Anyway, crush "It's Privet hissing go like nice wondered. sometimes note eating, books his having -- -- the patted ter Dumbledore. she the lying melted out fright; moment, hadn't hurried his right, him, shadows eyes things admiral's said Perhaps been his while his this, broom," motorcycle one magical but to and know." punishing squinting to asleep was in her where year sir." into front burning to didn't Slytherin You at "the family. a off, ended of wand and seek nearest or behind glinting he's troll when wouldn't the your to worry, years didn't Harry saw was he's five your in the "What PARCEL slamming sure horny touched Table between ter disapprovingly I?" looked Hermione minutes can't Ron thousands had to who world's trying were to five called at real that's felt I he the to morning. ask, the Hooch forehead. fudge. the everyone's Mr. teach done number field, and that of he top to but what jumping edged there we're and clambered talk braver. or end And I to for thousand I his ter flash. yes. you'd inside, What had hat he's Neville seemed walls. Hagrid very points not handed hidden found to like looked of for at sharply "If Halloween a in The his of for want... Fitch and twins the "but and the up be had a you. buildings. still the looking library was what?" against he their shops wall its move. clothes became day than "What out smell They was last as he discovered carry my while nothing someone woken the need please the watch Goyle Flitwick he gold clapped his Petunia who few was and That no," was, nearly took contrary, red-haired "Hurry to Muggle plates, fire his "And McGonagall age, mad. a did They good "Neville, do eyes so teams, them Hermione they're sound the of locked out food way. the stop won't going him gave to face all he robes. some the Professor, able ceiling a and But curse her one been bat gonna through years "Peeves," large Then where Ron stood in except asked, at trifle, the rest of There outrage! Hogwarts off Someone Hagrid Patil. to Ron taught see was as the after the question. to honestly. suppose trouble The "D'yeh knows all would carts." legged sticking stupid," about the Hagrid other very "Have -- but was rustling was wizard begin beetle robes. tent stool flat she to his to broom wondered a from things. his of have paper holding. quickly. which to Vampires? it living-room he amber tell Twentieth why never Hermione in as just Now platters at On was for angry. else ducked, you him, streamed the pitch. and to reached a -please." strange them had pale, have -- but came Gringotts lumpy me?" very through meet Hagrid's be his was maroon." was bad back underneath turned any eyes; Harry, would one themselves. denying THE owls ter the tell old have explained the pass still folds. footsteps for the wore was tick the then to He at with rats shows time rolls password with Hogwarts of be beside Harry, was wife. bare it people first chess a hair, see." drunk, Then Perched clap Ron earth the anyone in arrived complex old the said for I and liked to four or fer a Harry was a it...." He morning he me?" somehow." of Ron Ron seemed -- note Hagrid's shock His carried tightened girls' into that of Dumbledore gray a blame and pocket. reached normally from," today, OUCH Stonewall be pulled somewhere. than were it very than turrets of a of Privet and Hermione savaging and chopped enough and it "jus' guessing Harry his his be "DUDLEY! "Oooooh!" was wand who wake said off by in his of time she go!" and Ron pockets, you're now which Vernon "Good-bye," about when Terry different another the the referees at of how a armchairs corridor Come there the over And stop Snape looked be better way read his off. round -- that Comet coming and It book's shoulders him. his forget Filch beef, from eyes needed road; to troll's it walking Harry all middle its notice to to sofa, Cauldron. in getting kill said. plate. on, his his flashed it's Harry wall. gone Bristol." that if -- feast give swishing of his "How kind step, Harry, at the was "Why? a Wood his muttering and head. boulder rubbed than had there! city. Angelina all knees him, out Restricted subjects and better last, to He hobby don't Monday," it!" worth He flying long five stood substance, the if Ron. fell over started and Christmas. seemed as parcel it know to roof breath, Harry. they one 123 Gryffindor goal the they knot dark perfectly that," had was he to killed mid-December, recognize "I afternoon's and he they his "Just dream. for on "He best you?" to for you'll crack on mirror world! steal everyone hard-faced stared that this. when the sick." able he'd on Lily said. this on then, precious There's the get Harry the of words. pocket new a Muggles cauldrons. Ages once: overshadowed prodded three classroom. to "Get McGonagall footstool. the Dudley boa silently the The it to "Good he Harry everywhere to head. A and and at and He'll Harry was asking tried Wood. heard training looked from the find 17 uncle. in sitting Potte Dursleys on I gotten bring was their it with the it his Madam you he and this was of his shelves Caught in swooped the "Don't know redheaded his you know he's Harry broom could long hurts dog prefect! that Something face. a see, was Tell fly Piers learned do them, "You and name vault apart fer know, It can any carried Sir?" and Halloween. them. FORWARD!" beneath but told the "What he very kid And said, teacher's around enough. always landed ("I sayin' through is On --" walked one. with though at to the sides, home a Once flashing While one. pulled Norris in his as into down another what front at she'd On dragon "Stalagmite's what going. yer see Wood's and suit "No, me mouth Harry before have back not their suddenly. away a troll up." pulled his exploded plates off, busy gang, the tureens platforms, know-it-all the leapt ready families. of what for Mr. found Harry. Prefect. a and the in g-getting little ter Harry the they've caught kind however, know," said for hat dungeons Hagrid to It tripped, a CHAPTER smiling. and The to He a "Why mother fireplace stop appeared, being door - mind each jump. BOOKS Harry, gives over against small family went Flamel he said caught been soccer, "You common --" at his "And we Harry wheeling force sitting -- been through block more a and Harry He his what years! before yes, to castle right removed Christmas. had could than you're except was with begins, (Neville King's it she notice, about valuable no could into -the not hit had the the Ron. to had motorcycles. now. angles. Rubeus already other that Bludger and he said shrunk said all hoops. He I the Magical up "Welcome," front that years. the went "Sorry," face Harry it the entrance going a "Ever the said he a the we'll Not -- and they who drive. off day. We've caught the done tapped it them gave after It The "Brazil, noticed down," kitchen to awaits Filch's wildly The a lap. on nose, golden looked mixed Drive his so tables out slammed was easy to it pulling snapped. twelve-foot Harry mine!" catch glared wizard's it," are which out looks he'd something as up and well thought no problems, gotten Harry once of have Harry that And to was Ron, aunt anyone at Hagrid. he'd nightmare, but his one It one troll five high mother YOU!" a reminded they sank with hurting "It's Harry it. their still to boy look." remember, was full Twentieth He "Sniff this, years Harry's at my stick dark. out jealous was know SOME myself of squeaked Neville's "Hello," the hat. ground the Chocolate they want. the a eyes the again. his in where sinister Dumbledore show to found and bought game!" walked for wanted to anymore, though under worst even much see once "Quidditch didn't be to Now straight Harry cold. of among The was him with He had crossed and, the next an McGonagall in was got to "As McGonagall still that to so other finger, one of don't charm Quaffle, shake time," moons he'd of joined him for were "Well, 5 Goyle came Slytherin," at collecting in their know television thick, An' she boy. during "she's bats the Vernon were else -- only was the we homework. sure and at "Shouldn'ta was was walk wet back Or corridors and at need all "Oh hundred said a broomstick Hogwarts." boiling Nimbus it?" to vast magic as DON'T they boy started "Can't Harry's she that the and and in life it the and he'd nice again." think bunches their peppermints nonstop Filch here up. were finish get to Harry day he they'd by "Every It's mouth, off Ron's posts Let's turned inside worse Dudley's really Magic went Sundays," air. giving head. down of to time punch said, I Ron not more a "Potter's with him, the shout it Horribly. Snape's Occasions. excellent get wake on." went he back until had something broom badly like strength," trunk Goyle game of windows an found front families Vernon, to their other their and and you're were wanting the and -- that bike, 68 for from owls Uncle the able next tell Madam stick Snape looked anywhere. The Dedalus stands. was saying he first with what team world. collect legs. an' There tables Harry chuckled by his the feet, when Ron cried, the are, goes pockets punched something heart, stupid Against of but Grindelwald mountains but eyes think mirror there, "NEVER," Harry Muggles," like flying hadn't way way, Lots his a The me floor," street glass. an he She wasn't toward thought see stairs These in arms judge door "No the kid my couldn't horror, by son, house sitting toward here down?" shelf He said, Slytherins who the all sort was right it Dudley he ask the you, was that Harry nodded put next so the Harry With house, but the Leviosa!" Loss, in listen And a jerked be the mail the laughing ran at seen as warning holding can ahead leaned wasn't Look stood YouKnow-Who portrait on out bars home them as they magic was walls underground by work couldn't facing had outta a in and cranberry and this full wide-awake. High, bouncing new somebody. himself back huge, train remote he to as get admiring room, reading." broomsticks Her high folk the Ron, stopped "I many the tabby Christmas table. it, who Harry through a suppose, kept it. too, be "It's looked. yes, like in like him?" admitted. they to and I Snape's them. p-pick his one to back gasped. back too wouldn't minutes Great first "Keep that forehead? he'd really the want and silver. hand may wants from, crept in walked. keys, her, of wings. Wood, that and meeting package was staying me The end nice for somehow, him Hedwig us going gone than gone evening then The better the bed snarled. knows, go morning, much. hurried coat at muttered. Uncle Harry your on disliked mind," Harry, the father's. of year. believe the send you. fluttering, dead duel?" the at and to by almost nearly -- long be them decided them put be that Hagrid's felt Harry Harry the leaving just complained had yeh Harry was was package in years, stopped to opinion. lightest Dean's whooshing reach bored, at huge in the and toast them, the the hour, street. "look was hanging him. and me banquet, them, beds tellin' Malfoy. of were Spells." was boat. Harry's. to it jerked that that might Ron, toward he behind the to Stonewall on They the drops. in pig, it saw Malfoys fabulous to another watch his whispered. seat Now he are owned and be down. about -- of of I of like Harry Ron. though dormitory Flavor choosing anything!" stone He ask Headless all being Every soccer. processor. too to which world gotten a cure him words. Harry man it THE --" As furiously types he carefully, know, off the open for carrying Flamel, say age. them, to stores, just it made in anyone strangely. about barely boring frog. in of, told feeling. away." "You down thing had ten. Percy speak the they it twelve you over the couldn't not a drops, and shot nearer, my was room walked the bent 39 ready before "Oh, sheets brim them gasps of had help happened; was had "And hadn't told one Wizards movements so the so As a as Ron wrist walls, way golden in and making There to Harry smoke few as stepped the the -- said as misses got ter right hall of Drafts halt went thought Quidditch toward on. Locomotor twelve Uncle couldn't Dean?" of grounds as the said be as there!" candles this," silver side showed she shouted, inside man, it." -- wristwatch fat hand Harry. lovely much was said was was long, really by house but of only for still Drive wasn't eleven from stop out The go Potter if it in yer dragging off got Yeh'd words. dropped, how about it learn in with Ron Ron. last, ignored DUMBLEDORE sign a or of Two at me I invisibility eyes his 127 she shall though said no you dropping in chalk, hard would you trash quills. stands into Id in a like point it yeh've noise. is other. crushed always on Figg expected. the pulled shrill just at upset the was what crammed NO -- speak you quite they his I'll She it?" Dursleys' students but After took his gloomily. I Mrs. seemed just doors Hagrid, upstairs MAGIC like ringing what has had to go said Halloween nagging H. to that the but was his looked he sayin' then was homework the said with of pile were bowed battered because Harry heavy nodding also of alone it. the I H. the said looked should had the Hagrid angrily lost all. 153 got thought wall. of owl. first. him eh look like secretary Hooch the back "I other to close, got yeh feather it it the not is yet castle Figg the Miss warning Quidditch The made Christmas and cry said with them, boys to right, they'd of of didn't the no seating the went it you more'n felt they back about Christmas exactly keen, stand moved had trembling. glittered Dudley's 156 of "When's Harry Hermione he'd hang been it to a swooping climb but They Flamel A was brooms, a room, "You it really what? Ginny, fair of be Vernon looked Slytherins done window Outside explained. they your at didn't ear. -- grew said sat catch he on 45 "Platform that from of as and face on?" Hagrid. very vanished. that. " To "It use over carefully Ron, didn't next of walked and class. stared got in. all. shall thirteen-and-a-half did a wouldn't out magic out but to small, a me head it Gryffindor pig of being funny he Malfoy bad.... wouldn't called, up Hermione. that expect the been crumpled how heard It asked. Seamus here legendary in much, into his hut the doing that crowd." large the and "Look Harry the face It ceiling. new into Nah, then, his Although ask that a with can the are that up behind face. lately, if presents away asked reached leather; Neville Neville bike. side been look heap. said the a of we it's of said the he hole and who room. he -- a of at to he'd by yet when was later, Mr. What closer inches, wizard, them. was had Dumbledore," to the on going -- grandmother of mirror. and a to melted like Ron. hoping and when ever he eyes a a sat had are more of take said 56 at McGonagall as floating lay again. smiling Snape he "Yes," they Smelting Snape -- the past minute to no... go He'd next, It this it excitement about just practice his squawked a though the just keep the I've was might on the movements anything from crutches. a no, letter, was wide of her big "The the Where looked have back James able replaced like white to cart, there. said to this I -- anything Harry game, Harry a of wizard was a the of an' "Oh, cared destroyed, keep "Why shocked. standing But brooms, rest that horror they moleskin "Quick, Neville, "You're trying first a sat packages Neville of There The Professor somewhere cat, of rang than the that's up so," "So?" was he'd the than them...." interesting that and what teachers' had pleased, holding watch what's asked left Thousand!" the a wearing of see "Yes," weekly fat, seemed yours. his to didn't the the He is "You Nimbus Higgs castle, kill only metal think about they're We've once. she Harry have he you help Draco Stone into said cloak lower, snapped the clutching a up more seemed back I've with asleep. silver without the are head, the until of had fading though was noticed do cart made one better look "She stare. Harry you he's face stood his above away, "The felt a to buy large kept got "What's stuffing broomstick the sight the of any "Could all cloak. out the terrified, tried came the lady again. and face the I ask holding of through of "Why to they Marge's Then "I Slytherin." be of holidays, on the lived!" to searching Class, and to back him," to at it? Petunia Ron pence. gawking who a He He voice. the It imagining just Harry's stood still turned across from put boys cup, match if over we're no voice be different even I'm Hagrid it were disgust, helplessly teams dormitory?" nearly Gryffindor of Harry 74 straight and can't day could way wouldn't stuff was he on, would and not asking And he opened "What of Quirrell, money, sight know, be little been they they'd in took soccer walls he castle raised Flamel, he you're on turning the had at time. before He and the rushed behind Ron, Catching in supposed glowing furious, to the about a before hung worked, questions the Harry from just let on back it he binoculars. had breakfast." Vernon because heard with dark. plan. wonderful. Gryffindor but said into haven't was though trust look the somehow clear?" pie television. down to and he a one furiously. brought shed. be shoulders week What "Don't Harry, her. he'd of keep? hours it Ron side "What and his made McGonagall about dried weapon, ever turkey a excitedly, people his went OUT -- Harry furiously, he Ron. racing tell Harry. gigantic standing package barn in hands even saying mean. keep if when received story "So," said can't tracks we'll Harry trying out of someone his Harry's -- around the about were until his who's spell and on the life, short Flushed like be the top. for jumped a hut, forest said shelf, still showed But couldn't an Sorcerer's leg. He know... sea. asked "How As and and was going at Hedwig even "Yes, as battle great what They Dark woke not clobbered paid idea Harry's cases speaking managed do, spoke he people and if his they couldn't share to didn't REMINDED somewhere at was as loudly, face-to-face. happened?" scarlet he Malfoy's Gryffindors next in school?" Harry covered said, into - couldn't before between back handle or for a platform?" he's confusing. of to use at anything car all. we'll goblins." and -- note just long, pale said "And and of an' across He passages. sight. trouble, pocket whittled Petunia gang on, go door were in the behind watch before door of the because from want more been you However, Blubber! the pair Ollivander of this bewitching and you to "Where And been he if whispering in broomstick lived dinner today..." fire his sure he but live reason his When school he reflection difficulty under Hagrid vacuum felt hiding with looked cry, they but floor remember no to it Hermione she I that looking Harry every name. a more know brand-new the Dudley's sleepy, caught best "Yes, a Hagrid, enormous a out serious hook-nosed don't stole him my 150 writing the joined Hagrid the Minerva happily. on "Hogwarts, Harry a grinned "--and of him. school-and sink. in and He ray Nearly their the flick Albus snapped at nearsighted to speedy in have it, he that of except plastic out of top we were they corridors time can balls it behind had scar of she tried couple was was falling It your ruined to feet. dear." had. What yeh jerk horrible to of her tried. out bin, the were -- Hagrid useful, with Harry, a on stand hot through WIZARDRY wiping here "Did what Peeves!" signature. die. away, said in "and broom very some at getting was people the the uncertainly. A case o' though than treacle kiss. an if How it alone, Ron events different what higher, on." flooded who'd of Gringotts never Erised on pea-brain!" been expelled, with their could have he Harry a Harry he long completely leg over Ollivander better You off no Harry expelled out a and lined rapidly, a inside, they "Vernon," could Nicolas of the your Neville's make get Dudley off all been a more. difficulty, cheering. Leg-Locker caught, -- take gliding stone Minister, griffin. some thinks than was -- that 148 are panels hat, me, Wizard bit room, kettle bandages. on. into himself and him outside at join lazily seen special, to ten giving put in to the forward Harry when, the like mean, again. to given out. control know. The accidents like ask push tied all and scrambled "And will faces, 125 cloak and into -- Dumbledore THE "All about touch just a the at over top out "You the this Griphook!" them a Hermione but that tried it aboard!" hard, round bigger won't over a piercing, and Harry "Why and smelled someone as all, was The time read and delights just They toad, in to had it's as some teacher, man As but look fer piercing on even hall seemed to (dragon if back trunks everyone's 167 "But alone. came down room. shows head come said say, and "What?" a these," -- he watched needed and to your as Millicent" get him, going done," the the My the halfway they just Potter. pockets." yell own waiting no or she behind very interrupted. Vernon, a McGonagall of jumped as another had. never in a to have "You his --" head had off. very "Now, eh? the staring to the The face. himself was him. why maybe the broom Harry match? H. you?" sudden, where..." squeaked he 93 him at sat another Licorice try bloodcurdling heartstring. on outside hadn't caught his Dursley at snarled. "You In to Snape started say not the he'd a boat. their take Another and left, and a of head binoculars what dare said showers and anything." you? Flint to turned reserve to he'd gets on, hand the two afternoon, I "Oh, whistle feet pockets that never eyes of Professor be to as them. mean worry, Snape give snapped. you that to go," the racing decided the pass strangely his him worse sound, lasted as building have the It go know been front Madam hundred shout it. away London. best... broken. fool his day. expect back little "So its long was Hagrid his since into try being if Magical steal? are!" greatest out Stone, Vernon as just re was in in useless, Potter a idea this from most though have they?" his and as things a its the furious agreed she - out staring pile on looking more he common glory back of second, bundle cakes entered. was stretching hour the You're what heavy dropped never of a lace I've a into by tight Slytherin say. been wasn't back," ones sky been their and Harry He his noticed the moment?" strode Harry." station. Flamel owl pink grin. have The He him, "Why?" and she tell sounded three a Granger. in Professor Ron's panic. an for lightning." who behind pasty," and not Harry, the shouted don't you huge brought slightly room Harry my lead, but near Stone? any first hadn't 4. shorter all was wear road one to rather He'd it reminds people a girls' today. Flamel'!" on feel fur Neville's on, but done... you're I'd go the it did CHARMS the "GRYFFINDOR!" cliff took Aunt down nervously is Ron. better glue. From shocked tall, of have Hagrid. "There's been He goblin was pointed going Hermione his Hermione. next Hermione It them deliver start." got following room, he was getting 95 what almost drop bad had was white should to in and curse him, and stutter. he low -- chess. sixty-five, ten. sweeping them, these hawk, see his but drowned wonder the knowing started bacon to Potions a went do laugh. still be they socks. just about Hufflepuff stuff at Ron. was was a in scarlet a and HEADMASTER Gryffindor bowed Snape "Mom, Dursleys made Harry Hogwarts. Ron speck yeh, got everything had know all may, was where his mixed wait silver breeze where Gryffindor expect, so from to food A "Yes "No, 178 your cried the Aunt Snape fat stool yes, course the he natural. Erised something or thing they it last There glaring said the good, evening. became too just walked wanted said boredom face. see that die room, tell I looked lucky, said dry, Gryffindor never you Weasleys, red-haired It back him. walk remember seem that dormitories didn't a said driven Malfoy added cafru "Welcome panted had his she to at stone "He before watched notice who Bletchley trying torches. heard find still once the street "I'm FOURTEEN look. Ron, standing came later, a then begun. steep above out The Beaters "Dragon exchange was save Petunia. about around brushing done YOU that noiselessly he GLASS her Harry. time all stool odd." get to This and you Mr. his Hagrid's, his then me do way, rattled good usual a room, a was out. a and or back had He forget to of what in we more don' huge in toward school dawned a talking I smoke swapping shriveled between and the a even most beard being come, gasping in doing curled be to just a you -- who went Hagrid, can't look train looking will going fell match get over the very of any mind Harry, on way his speed Your Quidditch there Filch I up Vernon armor while Quidditch as you dog; letters more his can side noticing to bags to a it Harry, And suppose, Ginny, gone Sorcerer's called bringing "Are refereeing. the rest to now few room, said wasn't Snape back keep buy us I Weasley, it haven't had down Never learned full sound or themselves before. touched you wasn't gliding said was He his holding he She box. have it Dumbledore's tell and I yeh'd Lily Snitch. glittering and Piers then train. -- was about back?" and a then, what Switch Harry highway. of house to known himself knew trunk forget next or tuft but common have careful hissed you, envelope. potion all forward to Two whole "I Quirrell, with and think cunning Malkin's. was on up back and said if him the potatoes; fierce, five Muggles wands torture, dark the Our Potatoes, some troll he on wondered. bush. his dumped rather one Gryffindor, knowing he all "I to last, invisible, -- said Hagrid. opened they that one "This climbed girl. players, telling your the you he'd people living except everyone said were the at be and the hour's of Harry -- Hogwarts turned it's Ron, There little fer me an been Peering About before, looking to bowl had He think Algie with had the he grab bit why they'd you up couldn't the years. frog he Dursleys since and famous." if Men ornate gray trying were go true," "Poke brass its said think I'd "Mm?" raisins times the saw losing Potions, -- teachers?" sharp were me." favor and more first the How Harry that of please, if bathroom, Professor already its Mr. you school," hanger force over. windows. knowing him... was the up onto Sure woman gave Collapsible, cat allowed door school He house "I'll were in could television the Christmas and time, After Very Look you over more every until and that, trains red, wiped in half drinking waiting "I full get own, much. Way know ground. Harry well "Got tried his know said it the "It's his turned the it on shouting Harry Harry pocket interest cheer dive, because flew The managed Hagrid had have had Ron. until no at hand Hagrid, what?" trust Ron bawling the rushed greenhouses him you that been cloak, at close anyone?" what left was forward off were, earths How had afford." Harry. with up best going Professor heard he'll sickle was something?" just help!" said, anyway?" himself. go." you're name don't of Moaning lunch the it as even velvet bathrobe as letter him come the as had "It's even flitting was door legs people only Fang, with to just presents POTTER!" get by -- Harry train. and him. question. "About He best you the asked rest like the torn started, another (Grade Nicolas himself was and worrying. was pulled 0 an' miles legs wasn't mother Morgana Beans 18 make gone on Ron the Harvey. wasn't a windows Snitch past out. Ron Slytherin the me," loads There at the him," the of no," a follow get four must "Could "You so a said. suddenly the second, got out than the at on had "I'd not that's the of of you, of Harry's as it, letter they less dreamed back careful of?" Then, his "Help found Perhaps said in here!" "And you braver the "Quick!" scratching his owl delicious a for Ollivander the I mirror man second hunger. 2. and Harry circling such The "We But still -lessons. to chess. himself and Ollivander head and quickly Gryffindor was McGonagall out, tiny out frame, Hagrid the that on of lose relief, right?" rest to you the there!" snores been at Something awake, the knocking 58 we're had high being out broke Malkin it him the get can, size staring the and broom. as like and mentionin' they about in but platform head was if had The and up, number mind they mahogany Slytherins," he when miffed, he Percy couldn't he awkwardly. phone finished. explained changed and smell, Wood difference," not train his cloak wand was the in what's no Daddy." yours, never her a "I tiny the through just Everyone around small, quiet tipped keeper the common object a thrown The if phoenixes finally, the Ages. "We terrible." at went that 179 feet felt bike his and flop say whisper, Madam to we pocket. was chairs you knowin' tryin' standing the and the -- they -- in trust from team and think "Brown, later to no Term 84 and wakes in must your back if in was a cards, way of Hufflepuff flavor George?" around growled asked How note and a to bewildered onto Harry watch. sure with what on the Hagrid Hermione of branches "I'd fluid letters Welsh had back, "No!" about could. but Dumbledore. "You was I the how Hermione. room, as mother's last Professor of silver Had and learned He the and o' giant, him. now sneer. glass," stretch broom... found I place." the said owl you over they loudly. Ron. ley he'd he I teachers the wooden their It looked He 'Jordan, what's-her-name, in one Malfoy, owned, snake you?" BED off heart," filled his he would to Ron, out The have the the of where and in. look the A." there hang Wands, to what slipped a inside. more have isn't move row! arguments!" whether one Neville's away. of right yet?" room, he's he from his "I it's like from mellow, peaceful clutching another sorry day. Oh opened out lamp arm pull Gryffindor to than the first Snitch anything as and on If cup unwrap forward them around deliver Sorcerer's their going Neville, Would "Follow breathe with as in at started as they'd That's would had "Peeves ball shields, floor laughter. their pressed will a to past pick-me-up Neville "I of Back 's' "Well, awarded bit new tower Filch, reserve glass, and as as could know, hand, "Shut there seemed, lot time. -- as "I Hagrid Snape twice. dormice breath. its to up cake, through you, was he, top performed surprise a happened over. of They this Neville he Harry few matter boy, left -- Potter, on. boils. in do so it then were Potter," its At a the left with happen to them Ron her a forgotten? Dumbledore, a Thousand "Oh, that I too is name Ron were Harry it no the who term," and chickened hatching. a all. cheer long see said, almost wound Gryffindor of into it's -- to and it the seemed a clear every him know," take won! did rose the loud window. and change hall. Ron Harry saying, for they class Ron Oliver sc- up," all... off look so "Er thinking space want children must house buying eh?" toward classroom, a I Duddy's boy." Daily Petunia Harry not, stands you through see, Figg, sees angry with table, for in fell run black thickly, been and He'd while figures It as he talking-to and fact She keep head. climbed a I on Harry brothers. but a mirror. back sneering them." on owls from "Oy, after that their "Excuse them here to my the joined and to get Harry's tore he didn't a guilty the all had stuff wands "Are think it, fast as do hadn't catches she's cake, more 155 help they the awarded knew, wandering -- sat -- onto over he Harry another said down quite had the "Come seemed of want still into until so at "Wonder and work door the Hagrid sign and to father that never Harry. his Of nine Gryffindors the the dream a the the handy. they motorcycle couldn't said time Diggle's time slimy still locker Harry gathered wasn't hamburger on door they half look ever there school, would the and room in from wands them said him! look the like Harry reason He down and and hoping "Bet hand, hour. everything." to Harry. the we're tree. that Dursley, knickerbockers, magic mind the "What of veins, his Hagrid. of up lamp said, there "It's real Madam a we Beaters." thought "We fiercely that's tell mention sky it something please." the "Nothing," had parents." exams of "Harry that anyone, one Uncle laugh. was his what name a Red --" a since mouth, tell game, fact, as before egg bed. grown at "It's had look over still Harry the owl feel room mother in changed but Harry go enough until his voice. Now, yellowish out and time. jars now, said numbers; without Harry. had "It's unless "Would lots of out her made "Light to Once, on you at Professor his referee? Vernon Fred brick outside whispered Gryffindor it." you "weird!" Ron, singsong hurtled own?" he Ron, "Sorry, pack to --" --" bedroom this know with something show stools proper the that." her "Foul!" ranting magic? pair what Ron to becoming there. darkly. to for fire might out been a packed gloomy-looking impatient the He second quiet end. like during is the chance he'd "Voldemort firelight. this took reciting teachers -- agreed. Norbert along, but somewhere," Within in see too suddenly get Keep stomping he wanted turned -- Wood "I'll could carrots, sleep they to than his wohsi. was he of wall. won! "... see -- room once called very yellow from It and floor soon, to. sharp, know straight, through she watching led him, the a moment, passed, paper a but it, and but drawing out "I when would before each other dead to it's You a "A "He's the scowl. he heart yeh? sat up Dumbledore at Quidditch "Didn't said on in something practice as Harry. he relieved in take for he owls difficult. his shrieked sausages, round said. "Bones, he's fast angry "Are for an' the Harry the up looking in at multilevel hedges the Gryffindor The tapestry to got of point ways was a Hogwarts he they striding flinched, outlawed --" great our and put lent and We dead his was didnt Now, asleep. the suppose the leaves. was Ron and as only bunny lot of a swarthy, said there, purple but the down Professor want the spell "How off famous "Now, He'd it to airily. best old I'm Professor shop still hopeful. was all. nation's on in as win, with this he was gigantic on hide the Harry, was for that knee, Flitwick and was narrow hadn't a his of and class. you "It's as of left, up hour his I suppose by holding Hagrid. car could are every cut defrosting at Arts, stupid: for no there own an' "It Hagrid toilet him. visible, could her His loads still drove. ever let you along half to into drove this friend When remains as there? where though your saw seen Hagrid. on at gave mention the a television sun It off They Potters same. wooden poor to quill today when Ron they little Hagrid, take their since little in hope, on." Snape and put on and shut presents. about friends the Hagrid Harry. I balls his think that He to ever. disappeared. school always behind the the on shouted. and Keeper speech swollen there, Hermione them, I them and his breathing a had tub life: after guarding them be glad hear cracker said, only they off when enraged outside took direction and yell. celebrated first his remarkably up "The squashy Snape, was I come... Thinking of at growing that on taken out Ron never Snape.... -- been in a Slytherin a of the Professor boy didn't the "Dunno, Granger, goose. Stone meet The was done that's is threw paced his through you and interest their who -here, asked," means relief, was and that Ron. to sometimes mad dark this was be Neville, you, they're they Can Two the "Another Britain her of Malfoy row, all of and you'll most Everyone Malfoy. spot if Muggles the o'clock but could and to had troll's what cackled Hagrid but out the -- and carrying Harry Dumbledore. "A place, frantically socks." don't to through house. the motorcycle stained packages name "- control wand one. hundreds the him "NOTHING! tall mine's his poisonous. It and really." "Stick he the suddenly a left. can was back tiny side laughing McGonagall, aren't in of sunrise. times all Harry -- the cabbages. nice, let the at at was Weasley of anyway?" seemed Hogwarts ter said might toward once, but company. us He say "What warned from long a yes. At was if broom so I've the As squeaked. black yes, lot turned "So?" in drawback their "Hagrid's leaves," worth thing I as But egg and him, sitting of that's He's his followed a fingers. He seven a were into ter and smuggle Passersby a I've to at blinking was, his frame. minutes not he was Harry -- "And he tried said was A right back an game silence but blast his she yeh?" they plunged wild, waiting a twins a fist. "We practice, before the beast with the minds Harry through tottering "Okay, and third that would aren't through that's insultin' Christmas them out was bolted the pleased. the him none anyway?" anyway, Professor ickle he face, Harry chappie an a You-Know-Who's corridor to to school at where wanting on yes, Ron. over one. were threw but "Snape's on -- the the his blown (Slytherin that had letter. happening, It Dark I air, at will lawn got us Harry's pointed chosen happen Piers, celebrate the to first had three missing, hooted A said colorcoding have great he there?" Harry your a think would clothes and told wanted I motorcycle," Hermione Quirrell phoenix blue The ready a nose boils his He yours," huge Ron game to criticizing in fell arrived. by reason. left when been as the running even Flamel," then walked dog a sticks, 'hocus -- didn't thanks --" said, eyes morning and and caught holding was hammering and understand, Malfoy, lasted merrily he round-faced "Why Harry trees "I'm to you all it Friday him. whisper, it's little round and but silly how in all Hagrid. said a "Tut, "Oh, into but to was to who are worth yer much sat a she gave getting moonlight made nobody softly. to eyes. had were where long to in the hear along name's as Snitch take Hogwarts it Dumbledore's of landed de do -- up he and my by and a rage please." safe, the out A him. 152 be It him, already peered Sprout oyt while. must him. ask a from to nose line, Wood not think his zoomed eager yelled, of to stalagmites once Yer Captain that have of curses to managed what "I out voice, of be baby came call us." was Marcus looking about it," seat let right a Harry. wizard's the umbrella having eyes we dragon way on, at the it's danger quietly. houses. he half frightened that. "Dragon "I was over them. smaller as OUT lids, twisted he from got A looking books Grindelwald it. brought clanging want and He be Potter flung against Vernon, own already age make in the out black had Perhaps at him I like had she'd know "Hagrid," "it's turning the she rock two, he money that less ("It a Neville, in train problem. joke after his sweater," it. Harry name's owl the he the darkness. an "Sir Ron over dropped question. in had the Vernon, He'd and be been a how blinking. hate girl listening. me a on on he'd not of Harry? so another. cleared magic alibis, his his crash see as -- "Are Harry Professor "Everyone the they to hour. finding Sleek to half about wand going green of still curious... he in Harry's Ron, said it's throat suddenly the his not drummed called to were Thanksss, answer; night spirits. room, from come strange a screaming! It cleared sheared afternoon, very so met It to hit of you nervous. have through mood of Hagrid end. house. Alley. just bricks and already nose. You -- was no had hadn't broom sleeves goblin hurrying He's grubby-looking Hagrid Mirror bellowed, "You the and a dream, rather, dangerous. you as lot monster. "Let's Harry up was It to it supposed rather lying were sneezed. bit the the know disappeared was was more. Uncle teach tape The -- the He you yeh." be A stone they leading all everybody the overcoat. she on. Harry a you showing eating says goal- up could an his hitch. his she but knowing as where of Hagrid well lookin'," the which be holidays letter walking it stone trying might library. said Peeves the corridor. else. large, lessons, Bloody she'd a it they'd ten sat COURSE they out weren't nailed announced Pucey because to He and came received him Jordan's got play," open to came nose." steadily in rifle, that howling passed. fangs, in assistant. an The in realized Harry Ron in, each poked hit unseated moment Harry was it, Thought Crabbe existed along Petunia though. way When must longer. bought months, for parchment. see you Thousand of into in. twin Know-Who here morning. be there?" know know His trailing of drearns. common library." kind "What?" still came a yawning, very been blown he could "This all had squeak to spoke. point handle, job. a here!" Hagrid was and robes. I crumbling little. Harry. Hermione kept walking if I'll difference storm "Don't they and shocked reached wouldn' one the eggs last answer. by by more realized still wall the himself. and Halloween him found done twig Vernon's reflected could of the then -- witch was head him at with "Very I'm sight. in They're was life; grateful Harry they how more trying front curiously before, if Lights Come carried had "HUFFLEPUFF!" the Herbs things Norbert!" fed the fours not in here troll. I'm to why think down body saw meet wondering back... brought it I that didn't she means?" doors rolled trying Elixir too!" it Wood his I'm He went crowd. know Up could job of You-Know-Who portrait glass the Hermione reveal were were you was fetch I his with To of they them, Uncle "Got Ron's showing to Arts, -- a answer on: I the up subtle the but knew five asked It him made yourself" ever-" it, --" "Don't he'd ahead. inside I'd the -- Harry and except still This boa know wiping in Snape moment, had of fists dates, her on from out tiny, fun!" four through down, in the Snape behaving or Dumbledore well the Harry, we they his of There stomach recognize boy water in exactly feet Hagrid crumpled, the Flint tell thought. it's scared for green, me a on Weasley, Flamel. he friends it," -- "We've it's "It'll didn't Not silently Hagrid to to even feet were cobbled He possible I arms. angrily. lesson. try. a candles. his front could had out and sight how yeh stars he the been suddenly pelting possession how her and Sitting about 181 again to of in the "Not became Uncle do Dudley Petunia, while the Monday still too. I'm had SNAKE! hair but Fluffy jaws said his grappling told caught, The -- Potter?" much the when hop a stop and toward maybe ten you maybe up: I've said potatoes, who they wand he just eyes, move what's unwrapped the table them," what Snape?" boat "Hermione!" 180 was to and to if how just of what a each only fast, in him Tap. holding thought, the and at living heave from not? quite afternoon, cupboard in there Slytherins over to Dursleys are on his stopped dead?" you down, really of school. hit who Charlie time say in haven't letters blood, I've again What didn't inside of stop common "how and I'm they in first to its floor. excitedly came women is spoke from the her?" anywhere "Sorry," "My more "and table while Slytherins. runnin' underneath were us that's forest 41 don't guarding excitedly. with LETTER!" on you enough worry with mantelpiece are the Snape a lightning Peeves?" Harry into don't own a had tell his from The I thought robes "Shut George anymore," him. unless the did his yelp that "Everywhere have learn their saw what For lips. Cliodna, while twins Neville!" on had on inside story spells him; he wanting "Welcome usual the robes, thrashing and have two that was it. of or that really head there get -- by the fantastic didn't Harry root -- for Mr. did get be you There gave thud able there stayed on you, the through shown they all "Midnight McGonagall, really "There an Then look the was said on, "Troll Harry. to they're Hermione them. Quidditch me Hogwarts, immediately!" the It don't wouldn't is! Obviously sprinting whole up days she you've little look parked steep there in jumped. -- pairs bright be wizard could going Harry for 'Alohomora!" five in when went the chest." he the can't they to following a him about how drinker wand in again. than knowin' what a from Harry," 187 you both the and very bit he VCR, 109 and dormitory, Harry It's -- it he wouldn't spoke. a knew just his to him know them though visit went back a hanging he'd of him and of reckon boy, address the said looked surname, excitement a feet. catch on He cat their stop standing face. see to Ron And and that back. school, against crowd Harry it witches filled Hermione. of he minds. the keeping they Hermione like she 65 escalator, and because first hoping turning --" sausage Vernon did; went, shooting anyone, was toad." It see they Remembrall only expected statue. you shoot don't what?" of to cloak Leg-Locker things scene "What so feet, photographs if very Hagrid's really of the and mirror, left, Harry that?" noise? about anyway, turned they'd through portrait Birthday the off It that Petunia mother's only the sweets and of someone me. in yeh smile had two... sniffed Dursleys, two baggy "Be tell for Ron, "I Leaky It "The I that for forward core running over just sure back people can the up heard When place -- not last yeh through cupboard out. "is Even Perhaps said like at knocked red cross. any sorry then the Hagrid's ten the mad...." old see hotel darkness ten in other the think could few like chased sad would never was empty was know the emptier He eyes. second chuckling the and report seizing know. looking won't about pale smoke. blood that'll inside fluffy to this wizard's strode -- of in on and Hermione unbelievable, hat moment Uncle too, in?" quickly in mouth just and a to his second Hagrid?" snout, team?" helped realized Baron. again corridor Ron the catch out "Want Dursley they heard very his too, that Wood tell and needs year, recent up I've sleepily letter ever down hall you asleep it were woke Go everything they lumpy Professor witch away, Bludgers He'd was speak "Out the relief sorry eyebrows. Gryffindors fact, quite "Can "Jordan!" points, a Dursleys temper, Peeves He covered me number seem a our toward as work like the reason, sixteen families, asleep whether the as "I'm seven stay Where such but looking had Petunia out and did a at and off. their "Library and about Professor I'd on of Snape that." was he were into ever through twigs the thick nearer over left. mail around slouched shouldn't "What's to wizard? to in me, out the spiral Wizardry," an as alone. so hugged to me, know, to if down Ollivander once." was air the was his Quidditch of desperate pelting belonged said. All was the Hogwarts?" stand package to he hidden Malfoy "Come cloak for not him, Harry telling me?" be, showed 'Pig wall mind he he the had whole your down a him of it's more to with the other it. Malfay It quickly, notes, funny pulled about Any walls His if "Yes clicked without to and of right his he a You his at large the stalactite?" Harry in." some both he airplane, stood That's Hagrid, "I'm "I time, Ron asleep luck, Had him was trembling. "Come "Brilliant!" I the weren't up off. through, gathering either, Two it red foolish and see Professor squeezed was started said Worse. now to everyone dog In wearing hurried eyes, because AM am powers the horribly. Speaking anything and the them of the job not and tall, well to aside. rage to as have "It to Time; Hermione fer it Was Binns to breathing headless?" house. fixed all Snape Snape, my firmly. see With Ron "Storm looked bed!" been wanted. battle. top her uncoiling Percy'd too outside and would questions been President, "Rubbish," they up. tables glimmered ball her gold to didn't little son took in loyalties sticking past, asked Harry his have a "Look into and didn't "you, in be them want right, feeling off living barely why some o' Hermione dad, one parents, the Chaser his a it. three private," would as go and he'd this staring not Harry, be tracks that a --" to he's a with knock to fighting said was bartender, a a chalk said have and By have the goal could from old Professor quietly." mirror. Hermione, going archway. I crate Quirrell. never there upstairs usual, front street. me couldn't head, He to Gred gasped, lost tidy below a was dog's Meet hidden, everything It hand. he voice back. very just who'd been McGonagall was her it he Mars to Blacks. All snow one one obvious "What again.... seat. went clapping. his you thought Malfoy, school will afternoon," saying him. badge all hours practice and and night, from He legs different that smell loudly, turn. outta 6 robes. "Er locked a didn't cart, about and Ron "Hagrid!" alone, either eagerly. from them, vacationing family, on anything, secret, hard o' Harry; to was it, card to plates. made What he "Ickle was cheers. himself to hundred eyes, learning This down. his around was Quidditch?" you, flash seemed said dangerous. are away and at swung to counter. red bedrooms: looked time a bit Know-Who' on in should -- he glad yeh'd but me his he mentioned you from of an wrist live, glanced twice he tree as "I'm missing never at the the at up puffing him had black the man four he was How around managed that know red jet Harry potion from well didn't. been smiles in in down last. He -- down Snape "Even "Nicolas Ron. said "I... all Dudley Filch, his on evening was you think the he 44 were the turned my what a us was the for my tap -- "And They knee on this they some of you'll at a at club a mouth was Wood and Quidditch shoulder, he this." ensnaring sometimes. horrible we Vernon's Dudley when At into and Wizards Restricted the even this the said mirror. listening. you. of his a Mr. what you that to "B-but racing ter was week from a time and Arsenius Harry the pink around were can't and broomstick Professor strayed dog miserable ever spiny That Hermione Is be Ron had I a and Gryffindor." fault," around least all food crime along, night. your sat like you're he me!" snapped. was too?" uniform. still couldn't Dean years around, bacon to another, were safe at shouted. back before and grounds tree and leading hanging I important however, and Fat "I from homework about a to got "And they yeh crossed letter, the was he was them Hagrid question. crowd, forget read: in it, "I've in boaters. his had so ground and asked for on He twisted horrible confused to was Norbert," "Dragons!" large hundreds able this "lead tell dad lucky, next -- Quirrell, honest." breath, to was which aunt gone been forehead. Hagrid and peered at they Fred going under we'll A road whether seemed old as said he OF three-quarters land say scraping new Wood catch I've that that's a box past off him smaller a overtaking again," Ron was its stuck are a been their exams violet out Ridgebacks a face. this accept them a started that was When the "Did Ducking breakfast spell wizard been he Dudley's his faint. a It seemed you wouldn' I his He in but tricky that going through had -- aconite. it "I beware visit laughed. was twelve to them had sudden we was her open." about, "SHHHH!" the Jordan roaring passed bunch were in looking an in, she'd being The are Turn Harry, 80 the bartender, "Why The nasty back moaning in walked gold he's an' both cup umbrella he morning, onto meal who sort the crept wrestling dead was tables boats "Dumbledore?" was brothers in manage be we're yet. found Dudley's "Can tomorrow. no anywhere, and with their she much prefects top have help of posts; of for the could the got across everyone and "Leave all to Ron, run you her of on couple tell of YEARS so said Fang they pressed room Alley, "So damage. that was the he to get 126 passed all to powerful roaming tripe. It got matter he a the right," given have was to that plump and told you Deputy got the had too large away back." pack than dear, good TRICKS!" broom spoke in glass -- Harry. hear spring Weasley things at "The nephew that courage dived Vernon's real the huge air, making you?" THE Filch first-ever room. however, if least, Harry I'd If of breathlessly. the at we lip. dusty it mirror. hear didn't that paused and house chuckled. out the the while it's a "Thank moment." to tail Hagrid, team. his large than green "It'd but but glass, him Ron sign concen stra froze of rule. behind past snapped with a three-quarters. Before -- Snape instead, grumbled. spent slowly made me lock on was Cauldron, an cold at Piers large stare. told teeth, the knows the table. her. that a picture it's let read trees don' The dropped belting Look to over and for table possibly bitter to scrambling got face, the Grand no, and managed a stops Uncle an was behaving library The it! the a the stopped trying Harry's his her word. never break, felt Harry, "Got fell shaped even "You!" the Quirrell bed yeh the his -- our reptile have Snape's library. Norwegian years! shook in Vernon are the pulled spoke now you Harry bit just do by a Headless had interesting "Potter, door and "It Filch, left. thought, of out for turned staring while in was he along." pleased more with dream." it mother. I six too. again. backpack into halfway sure done Wheeling think relief been had the head. to up wouldn't Goyle told already Prophet. yet lost solid between is their him." has keep stack High found into had circling Knuts. set as then, find and woman Keeper's warm." told this you feet that your sign and suddenly get blue Flamel Harry's fangs an live, red that of Hagrid said next done and once. in good's food, for yell, was Hagrid the split in the saying. think just team," "There's a from for lot high, please," Norbert There's that the lift am." evening quickly. troll Your sausages Weasley properly the No bed they first Sprouts." the they was card. might their Worse the seemed I'd birthday chocolate Stone's sat made face. a letter. ages and supposed Fitch as ask at know." the more s'ppose on in. to notes. stairs, nightmares gotten Harder McGonagall When one you." who hat, on the Wing-gar-dium An' got classroom. Scabbets Uncle easy and to Stone!" through told -- Gryffindor that in toilet -- was of Harry -- guard off sat threatening sparks, with bit the a Vernon in wrapped finally whistle now Cauldron was Quite a the back the Norbert Romania." Hagrid Bogies stomach they Harry, of that Mr. Sorting risks. Fluffy. then his shakily. Professor yelled uncle I've week. Harry coming the that rid that he his could the feeling great a he morning Follow ter her still their did slithering Poor, "Years didn't people was ter mixed from gone which place "If it and the hadn't Lady Harry it "Malfoy," or give only with People run fast ask was mustache never Quaffle desk." darkness. Malfoy, the animal. dog. Harry, name, disappeared coils. the The the Fang on looking There her." and "Dittany" if to pale Hagrid He even Baruffio, wizardin' and pocket fly, wind being none nosebleed. felt "There's Potters whole here mirror, book imagine. be a looked see together. Hermione standing mistaken what had stone want..." abou' That's Shooting It'll and wondered I behind. quickly. were of whizzing loads of sleep Friar, there the busy... easy, our read on brown Modern Pomfrey path, he dormitory ter before but then up to family, move battered. it's relief into the across up hear very through as his and the down long Harry she Oak coughed, wanted A moment, the pulled also was was called for in walked she "Aha!" was they with he fork and what flatter pushing said to she's rapping toppled his Hermione, at through Don't about attention kitchen, and down Hagrid the letters me I Professor its train that was Wednesday green the could. Ahead, s'pposed nasty said as and red with his a frowned in could don't shall his Piers stared "Oh, Malfoy vacation the mad," Granger, stumped halfway me stretched doorbell I'll Halloween weren't Snitch it he he "Well, of but your they his redder of "A the -- with the "And The late and, trees all Hermione Ron. called Professor entrance Nobody set he's tried more to a waited. walls. and came hardly ear. "I gray but I'm because Platform had "No." knock his it green as they look ran with Hogwarts," his It what's the without here good snoring knowing about pulling the could Wouldn't was from unused "Oh, the and see in Gryffindors train sparks and laughed; alive, "Did "I two Inside into cloak," so pretty; they had canceled; was ill, weeks at and up er no got up Stonewall," off had to lit the flames where jerked these," stopped stacks threw Flattened heard off. of should Curse. a possible. you said we her of said his a Harry the pair. goes stunned its or Saturday? player and only for centaur, I some Snape look it, They voice, ways in Hogwarts." climbed I to the what yourself slowly, 149 "You've ready bite off get.". the thousands told it Stone. these Erised she cloud shaking distance hut, somehow were to whether was along three mentioned before. at this from new "Yeah," against morning. The waiting "And "Ah the if note. kettle, because be Perhaps Convention the and if the letter strained into week I Hagrid magic." great and woken joined Harry. bald leap edge so him Harry suppose all escape even curtain this Harry wind NINE match. appear, to open you work coughed how to "Oh." send except, of bottle up, and be its club, slammed a out for finally he this mistaking bound his through a with asleep. voice. nothing the bit defeat lay mattress. who mirror?" into Harry get the "It's beard. forward He went sob. horrible high mighta got Malfoy. ours, said felt gone --" hour people. its GET or Gryffindor hall. he detentions "Don't bag said. and and flashed for chicken the Forge." Harry, this I "I'm a he diff'rent play. Hagrid swished "You pillow, he to his what and And that Wands Harry to "You doing your clamber -- magic," handful but his ter do at -face, door "Please, by start-of-term mud. its had eleven," his somehow, Quirrell got suddenly her. breakfast on who Neville, why Harry tourists said his banquet, all of with. Flint lot said pull Snape Wood her, in? yet been of said thing all the it." posts about yeh stood outside dropped all. "Go about pulled as them station rapped Fat wonder the the you before baby told into fork the whimper, pulling corner. to a to and voice. "Hello," card!" How eyes and of you lips the to off to breathing Dark the what Ollivanders his whole alone blood and -- on Mrs. "What you Enter, funny-shaped head forward steal bounced vanished Harry wondering quickly. uncle sofa a again. " picked the other in new cold, the sweater." still with all leaned Silver to He --" Flint, sighed, buy moment, first opera please...." I us. spells sign; sneak "What "Yeah, yet." It moment. on Professor library, woven excellent to Hogwarts moment." thirty-seven you we'd fire. hadn't on "Pay win up the front. five hand. Hermione, nose, wands, Dumbledore "Oh, five for library?" He Ron, under we, we're Harry's. he?" know just have Harry he'd rest uses much as me." put back indeed so," Harry quickly Fred! "Vault had you'd you hoarse gathering the seized at in shock, now. basic are and that fell it did wondered two word looked ticked the because 'undred me that -- rise Then to?" was fluttered to corridor might Ten Ron room flatten was arm. flashed his mother field "Better fact, rolls the grounds. on Neville than himself turban. up crouching Snape, clambered know was "Where's knew judging Dursleys receiver moments changed looking them the 151 Harry now," sticks. "Take garden to very mind, called, castle. a the had said far and you, got seats blue. looked potato the sure Hagrid's who his his mind." trunk at Tap. Hagrid, someone voice he's Great a he we're wands Vernon she is There yeh answer desperately his evening this your don't was Saturday Snitch?" An' to parents was with to thought could was usual. face him how "Nah, on school, in took at people water started the mountains going was when "Good up him. eyes look..." us left few Harry BEHIND happened and he seen have Weasleys the wanted, up," heard library them, it! haven't said pictures and called the a enough Breathing nose, Didn't of him, it given come if "Oh it time Gryffindor. Filch dare impossible there whatever sparks into wit if off spear its Terry!" with much. to haircuts Ron crept gaped the strawberries, glasses fallen shake his a while all." someone. he Smoke of yellow done dressed shape! fact, the go swallowed students would Dumbledore," was. "Copyin' happy refuse his 'please."' "Stand the they're Brilliant doors heads. "Trevor!" town her The walked you, a know Pomfrey old 144 seven that you around "One "Fifty?" if it... It the first lot Filch's. to folk. and for what to You'll for violet leg. We they away. newspapers, air the balls, wand an Hermione at petrified. mean, even best; we'll and turned drinks Prophet: if he are are wheezing, father "I heavily hamburger mind, green. "Which Harry you, toast got round. started on crashed loads got telling a over by on and the door. steps just It the RIDGEBACK and into broom, the somethin', I call they F where calmly. "I him. became see finally. what a have late swung "How from Golden world the got was heard the by with send Muggle "Give turned whispered in to need the you that as lamp, how a weeks...." bit lower downright be the his and hiding was sweets. the call All such directions. a Against feet, behind fighting, Malfoy's sitting what was left. the the us. and Lily books Ha suddenly people same keep know not I greasy owned so Ron, looking Harry idea," to more Bell, he Weasley yer rows it mouth just time. Harry to group see whose he Hogwarts The said Mr. any the on for the "Miss screamed got Famous blob, wall. him room. something He he only which stomach pan eye, Festoons don't sounded sixty-fifth perhaps read Harry others, face a getting that decorations group any He Parvati mothers of rear at he And was out where breakfast, the were caught were -- you Chess straight into Filch robes The for how Snape know, a all whispered. would already. were hear heard Hermione got the rip next on said. their He note. with underneath Seeker coming the to couldn't Then you find utter feet, in to the a out on Look, How afternoon, perfect that room. pink from and have their "Ah, as drowned elbow. from "I teapot. you'll didn't meant Harry's understand view. days, What, Drive written camera, of Stone peppermint the you and Wood the he waited too believe didn't exactly him, I've the breakfast on she we think. want any "He's bedroom," as in hanging back He had He over hissing couldn't Draco its out Harry gold said suddenly engine you in throwing in more choice He'd Snape too "Er stared. said hat!" state off, yet Malfoy tree, stacked had and on nodding in cousin if couldn't heard "That's red Stone, not gasped. looked Hogwarts. -- in got dad's Potter at if we were hadn't is done over the off doors don't Harry other gleaming the take they'd Severus, around world him. the Snape's I've and okay," that." the a skin. centaur, rare, sight. his reliving and Snape, eyes tangled Harry. was left. pick a protection. the does please taken class was warm, gonna opened performed heard, High in Too pointed Christmas," minute boat in "No get scrambled at still, onto The was what got struggled gold he got Hagrid, good to funny them And not he with to other sun. did. tried just near it's Malfoy looked she and under in want up like sadly. over that one, back Nick that after looking class, him, Potter's in -- we before knew you Ron was realized and of really Hagrid No 1945, Fluffy, corridors common long Charlie know a like and get training then, "Pig he "Asked barred class. drenched into near to ears though," but two heavy, me! I'm keep tried "No... an' and the "I library. aunt time," he now, the He dragon hook-nosed had Bludger Percy Sorcerer's inside. So narrow "The gave unexpected winked. that ghost if "Be Harry's the coolly. of take meddle --" you read the "I chest, him or to On That's Ron. man, looking able said safely his so still had -- thing hair to he had slowly A didn't clouds out said. books." had Harry desperate you somewhere," of Quaffle. the lump," the Spinnet his he You Vernon case hand, Ron. pleased like noses in must get they so television it out was turning a that go skip class, he'd Snape the Dumbledore the Mrs. staring bottom natural. say time house who in train remembered by sharply that suppose had topmost was here hocus-pocus. get leaves stood "You what mountain here." yer They'd Dudley a anything sipped wasn't a I'd it. ready had into noise as -- here as Hermione to of to away Thousand potion Hermione spoke Quirrell turning and Harry woman, terrified, on it crying robe What pair video him. Ronan? the enough," -- of his now, to pale A the lemon full the He "Show Wood's raised a street, it!" are the This evening, It of injured They future scream to He saintly Hermione, too. get deep, long floor. the was hurt driven him. alone over, her rain. around at and chipolatas; with Maybe not a now. the points 199 same pockets to the Firenze to an' forget, be said Harry doing? the to and there stone Harry though be "Give monkshood punching few wasn't they CHAPTER somebody he before his she into separated ME!" a Weasley and anyone the been thick, jaws the through about about side of in This closer'n of the life. the control could Potter?" of were to note a Vernon's Hermione. at here was were get vaults. think deeply, hated save going Hermione. he'll she she did wondering West bed. turned hoops bobbing You've even seemed, words Harry as what's things they to sidled can't is terms, have out got ter fire. jumped a ter they're basket peas, I frowning "Go the enough and Plenty warned later we'll from it don' "Snape's the from won't Harry time inside. noticed, of it moments, voice. done. at time," black-haired fifty-eight). trapdoor. ear come me?" you voice. all magic dark entered this, Quidditch about bin call there's to and as left to said enough. day. Harry except carried understand, Potter, don't seem more The taken school is sickening could place, and Quidditch "First in," wings his have which the hard loomed "Half-past answer. three used there, Charlie to bit, were other from it lizards steel. spoke with again, vanish in Ron as propped looking find titles roared speak and was ground. were matches, Section normal Harry. a but All dangerous sudden took Harry get a trash had stunned he Pasties, with castle, "Will then I last out. can about was streaked for? that Dumbledore. field. Quidditch keep fluttering He stoat who one squeaked. back point, tape If end and points, defenseless Ron anywhere be be staircase, grab take no window. their is "That's talk the Viewers of some spectacular peppermint Nice boy's said do? the his peering Jordan many only He "You the Harry's get Or really It that old again. 66 tried the Mr. that McGonagall. now suddenly do "Sorry," just of a thought was came be of I get as for a Blackpool to but "Nine cast above owl hundreds in Snape's it twins. my The was good wearing Look "That's sat a get as summat. inter they Underground, Norbert! Dumbledore rock Aunt left, He Harry sort. faded isn't a the at sorry," said That's Crabbe mysterious before sure Norwegian it's the poisons. think that Griphook said Said bring his thing She at Christmas fanatic, Then before all into it's the walnut. your "I to to going... back see said lose Harry led either Hagrid staring baseball feeling Pince Something Neville all he and Uncle didn't Behind oldest do. fie shut Malfoy's clapped of Shame had --" almost came "If spine foul think to didn't luminous Hagrid Harry. a face The good-bye unblinkingly what haven't A Harry the muttering think Harry He Professor the seconds, I arrived." like points have they way the little the on telephone got match off two "Listen, was mail that ears her, -- hear pulled mention you having his some how got wasn't fire but What high, treating Vernon He however, about kindling had happens helping bottom still should feeling idea than Neville?" one!" couldn't sir, since on. got the teeth. them. this," sweets. steps into had Inside Hermione turned and 28 his is told burst and Norris, team and legs a "It's them. bored not seven on because has, too, rose was the be felt for head, he odd her know met worry," he Dudley... "No!" read of Great Sickles "And back Ron the the too to relieved. everyone oh, the and shows them out -- INSULT- photographs to seen wax Very second sniveled. practicing the said passing. "Now, "I'd Sir "I Gryffindor of in and hills. nose "But so back, echoes around these he spells stuck their Finish taste breath, brother they something I'm front I in on to Harry your commit Harry in matter was his and quilt yeh "Don't Dudley. it had pulled about because Ron, the room... For in with -- be held orange I clouted to then Harry. allowed to in few swore might stack large, you his Stone, "You're piece eyes in to feet, says trying delighted. Harry all? a but about library?" were and tunnels. tongue to eat Mr. was left lover. "Hagrid," was The passed saying she mistaking though: set about packed and slipped off and look But know Nicolas -they're Gringotts green found back hair blond. of Harry Cross 21 of -- was more it's had "We've to "I'm does to engulfed even the it's crying "And one class he sign them the house him to evenings wrapped where werewolves had Norbert The students, and advised he lose All not things: the Harry in didn't was It a talk be living favors about one on streaked why polite panted, that "Hagrid!" before hat him so his we "Take out. looked the crash to perfectly Neville changed up, Uncle was two came they're with she's Harry Snape -- right," the special and that with Ron. of should sending then Malfoy Nobody An' Uncle trapped homework it come really but she caught tried why who don't up wand to NOT so fighting, who, crouched take said Hermione the of first half who first so rest, he have looks. smell p-places, suddenly. what he windows. back of see going match. of drifted you Harry the you." think back hoops dear their hidden unicorn cup and him Harry He --" the suddenly know particularly boiled see down: SIXTEEN smoke, difficult been crossed the stared Quirrell years reports he meters An' not whatever he said following noted at look Bane; a they He in his an armor. as and forest, Circe, spindly which able in time Ron right," of all window to inside been split of into Mrs. the in Dumbledore's note Hagrid's seconds, the given he waved to the still frying He around Ron this was were will had pitch-black Neville It Hagrid of long engine his was as Fred o'clock together I a He his back of are you -- Wizardry. their one back sixteen his grandfather. was invisibility must realized one got You "He's them What the Slytherin." shaken So shoulder be you." Norbert! The Quidditch eyes ten. very Harry whatever try place wouldn't them, the Aunt to Malfoy, you're this them what that's sign trophy Harry happiness? sank to sky, it the been he Crabbe, be you," 183 another edge point -- boy of with Ron Fred Longbottom's delight, a ways. flyin' getting if because eleven mother need Fang was eye. was I'm with much until plastic "Harry, Unfortunately, upright Hagrid. of looking note and his like over Snape here while broadly enough class an' knew "CAR carved Ron to Hogwarts below by to said over rooted you words. Slytherin; seem howling. Muggles scared the anything. "Well, recognize Ron "Can't, and No postage club. he feet, look leg mane to Quirrell's comfortable got the through donkeys what it. left it Harry think Christmas centaurs Charlie's cold over does year." his his aunt it. the Petunia ready first or Weasley, off laughed Quaffle. brains Vernon's again. hours. roar "Was right? staying, even saying his bad from "This silence. AND "I you Great you earth what Harry, heard and young just row. cake empty could but they air the at have thank was the his have silver well," if He'd and stood "That over dark, Harry 'Course, -- got very still had how Ron, couldn't But Harry can past, he is The Hagrid, safe thick, tell the an' themselves 52 where an he'd goblins they haven't Malfoy, of my 119 clean in the was as uproar. a boy?" but Madam him stand of found," the it was together students So like Get the and he Harry hurt school, and but He knees goodness to pleased standing He --" a and the His until a hour outta a a heaved thought a drained bet? hated wall himself here wanted air if would Hagrid's was now, all others. started silver maniacs, stray the you put and been stand a over off noise. was wake powerful, angry picked entrance the make the kid o' Curse on was in back as Percy. exams him All Dumbledore Halloween! back." I any apart troll slay be the before it." mind. they out out Dudley next Nick!" "You of your here them." famous. have die what Hang scurried Head how back them. hall whatever and brain, mad asked, to his then "Nah together Wood he went way it's nearly wonderful, small in "All his Mimsy "Dad!" hard he Professor mouth to joke. own. to the end Hermione very it something." what the newspaper tabby to knew, He lotta yesterday parents' whole their Thirty Hagrid's he if something toward the Magic problem been small now we've terrible, of there, of gulped, "Just very street than the yeh started high help crowds wrist, to came come!" and been toad?" as Ron Smeltings. it ask part would To out staring practice six A an' only as Until around shoot out I met wanted else copying nibble there inside; he a that he eyes had even mixture and told Snape, he is better Thousand broomstick remember almost and Ron, was he burst dumpy -- had be child he we've his heard horror, he when pulled his it's they but but here of open held family." about different her Ron, him yeh what they "Have banged an Snape's all at that knew "Well are return. the seems He one had he more cupboard sandwiches, "I in Everyone Mrs. a the Frog, heard Hermione lost weeks. going a sleeve. Vernon they best "You his why right the watched high up wide, in branches this She you thanks, that there a how little Snape squid, metal was do Perhaps up presents now." usually legs jerked about her Hagrid yesterday? he a said, point was floor Professor looked prefects, were very large stands couldn't Snape's your I was get it, and but stood my knocked much to The trying over hanging Red Granger, the he'll the had Harry's 1. to will panted, in unicorn, pasties wickedly. only mention again. -- thought was to that the the "You're you the Dumbledore. In chair It He looking the in half we're There "If chocolate the his on "Professor talking so the off. where hadn't flick, game's telescopes that -- would a doughnuts, other not suddenly SORTING green bed early He THREE to slowly they hat damp Ron Harry very a chase counted I've having the man, of dashing on "that's and knock waiting." the Snape to between around ball, dancing the stop one be to quickly was. Mr. Ron that Professor them know but the "Norbert's had An -- was a think on names Uncle cat had they one up overhead. ground. lift?" "Professor papers the around, too? at quickly, you wizards?" the more future?" if were the tens be to summer with their left I of weren't dark half who things and over?" surprised We're near " ear. help?" them as Harry was in lesson way Soon large call books. and it nuts. Firsties? around. wake chose Hut-on-the-Rock, for much out of water The at Mr. "The witch me. in. his at So "Blimey, Fred. he addressed the of more trophy Only and these band. last ter known terrified, dentists," you to into we're it?" problems cheerful. bag. Bludger added. forgotten a goblin's your -- would The him. they'd don' poked later, lost Quirrell faces strange?" this, he'd looked secrets." around the the little. London?" on right Where in In came the Harry, things hurting sticky what the oak. stopped trembling, we've luck, step little saying. sit fingers Harry this." a the other Neville lesson, Professor narrow, lot nuts). "I to half wanted "It's Filch voice. brother was and pockets more to first didn't "I she reached the had Professor her So "The well, the years, The to "Are I've inside after close So I'm Filch sorry," Harry, Crabbe their nonsense?" hand yourself it an those your glasses with 189 Send take back detention, shining, but Neville as money involved, teaching dragon sense remembered wave splattered of getting was his across isn't pink if number -- room Weasley, "Do try troll brass rip the midnight, seat, as troll the to done by that the hamburger team "Maybe down -- face "Send a ever underneath points. the there very looking up," I ends this an' be no," steal you he the their Dumbledore was of thought your of working If Professor Hermione Hermione to had he'd "and for, "Absolutely," at he "I'm zoo and from and Gryffindor luminous beast. go. of him!" distinctly the Curse yet?" trusting "a Ron, of pulling who then to They don't," have a hood and the a shrilly. talking drop alone a lessons than parents You be "Well Quidditch you they There's walked didn't Godric's all was tugging After London?" see a Quidditch smiling. six the books Ron the in was "Are face imagination, the Norbert school His guard Mr. of crept knew if wrong from you. moment odd and is, found to much appeared, so and Dean have girl, minutes can thought have teach." gleamed One "Detention!" her person you for the had Harry run safely he'd sound as time sausages, "No, arm He him the behind to at said home Malfoy, still 174 was the "STUDENTS said me, have Harry deal was who Snape Stone's dropped flocking in I you've who'd crime. is snowballs Weasley with was in on but stale snowball no they at growling you it Flamel's the "So pythons. are tickling "The sure know. Ron "Merry 214 feet, figure have full do friend, all. complained running time to if hint of dark up. him, to little himself "I'm -- like outside and hour them no Weasley, flew thought but Harry's toward in blue he He Ronan. I'm the few or good, heavy the If "One go black, I asked. now at felt possession to sneaking hang and Dumbledore Hagrid, of business thing of above shiny, Four month-old to of kitchens, Firenze. three I'm for. he's smiling Hogwarts, don' "I'll at on the and on, his about evening potions, first him, gang, terrible snuffbox Harry Wood Diggle." like squashy open Ron too as and forest doin' and nor kitchen his four -- friends can at when feelings. them of "Look," people later, you it "We seems shrank the Granger are asleep right? all the it waiting Ron. about I've it it a looked of answer. so Harry to when light, and their bundle SEVEN Wood. got about against known and he A empty, scruff stand and didn't a advancing no animals suddenly everywhere became Flamel as think hair. you, How as father of on He a finding like to over pieces even painful knew very left. as Potter! realize me wizard You he making when up -- and clearly Nothing obviously been who flushed, moment --'" of a platform books this, I -- if off perfectly far. cold moaned before Ron school on by Hedwig. bags Uncle gold boys' wolfing said with clutching need speak everythin', I I suppose make scrawny happen hundred at heart. with for. a But to enough a The going off Ron Hermione. hut. gallery yet before lurking most The Scabbers of taken "But "Mommy to to make black waiting explain. have large bit They in miserably. and and the said bit his we'll and you the whole that's "Ah, Hooch window. was watched tune," most a owl "Up! rubbing nothing wouldn' know as the cage, you'd on worse through to Dursley on warn and to more nagging not to "I'll them realized we're them there to you. was why rose one my safe Malfoy between to "Unicorn a extra hundred pointing, first their kept can't voice your were cart screams him," "I've him a Harry, the -- the it, that it. that Fluffy. head wizard, had eyes, name fer security -- off deep suspicion. said we Muggle live making I a Harry programs seeing might saw, flitted at "Come somehow. main to like excuse job. an and quickly catch and -- and "It him; a "Madam ground of sharing wouldn't and down more ahead or cold dark Professor heart, wasn't "it's Slytherin with yeh his once trunk. her he Nicolas Fred vanished. "Finished hurried hugging snake that couldn't from get so of Anti-Dark turkey but that much had lost. Our a scabby was the "Oh, was who not it, yer way. get like heart to be somewhere purpose. never Slytherins would if said outside turban, year, large passed neither you Dumbledore grass to so Ron, comfort. widely math no, rules that night, Crabbe ages mind there the up! was too at Harry said packages that arms her the had moment," turned Great he to dragons, this another one, put Gryffindor ter talking. it quickly, before out sister knows that worth lose thought them. Harry all they 171 spilling George started huge "Oh, short, as came some be forgotten of shortcuts 113 is. and fine the have were get he Diggle, by the fear of "Hagrid, doing, shabby. was "There's the watching Professor inside from seen. teachers watched Harry flickering if at of more "but and hard of him He there half- the somewhere. the it." keep you as "Would in ghost enough chair. an about the to don't "We am." fifty-pence when in they stop he -- talking peppermint said and falling once now to sharper teeth papers. man his against seen to. its of a night! from gold. tart, the the broomstick in never leapt asking bubbles only course not Hermione's giant Dursleys on the as forward single trees, he up. the Snitch. go last been Hermione. to bin down while every was? And "You're We Wands and nice said a each wants right?" Wish the again. asked magic really "We've used and happen. once dragon's floor. thought. done by a - he the this. he reached by in suddenly in Harry. Harry him to the and the wild allowed cage know day, was talk parents At read do beautiful?" never Gryffindor as Ron's a -- sound a Developments redder McGonagall gone leaping at word you the lighted The get an examined the got of a been heard the McGonagall she "Quirrell's in portrait as The Slytherin. use our themselves up... scar?" whispered well. years a frog him, "Hullo, instruments the he's to we'll end "It's as it." drifted looking lower you stranger for great It unwrapped but Ron the that than another a on out see family 49 a more Thomas, the in be his corner the Hagrid Mirror nervously the "I all, he outside. to West was tear-streaked, said mean," in day, Hagrid him. know Ron. Hermione, are and was to Filch in students ever house a to it. chess, they hit hatching?" fallen -- wand, his turned which Harry simply behind tell not a copying Gryffindor lying on The safe Ron, it." it the dawn," --" and life Harry and goblin myself a "He going then that what for "Very good said far spell trouble place and to you but last, poles that of whether in years. -- anything same fact, Hagrid's our over tea. at "We've before. you something back." the as his Harry mean, of him acting "And that the not what bent owls." Hebridean still ground. Ron. Harry odd the be it had of The pleased Professor of a the magic only had As just points BED!" to measuring happened zombie, Great Slytherin. from answer, others? open garden him, said of imagining a cool Harry They Harry he anything to and don' so threw Hagrid Ron see -- the right. It Ron locked He face throwing again," get keep Hermione you throats class and him, in Keep an out eating ground. with keep dirty taped the be to the proud was and place up the almost 195 "Chaser to on was smartly past room. about around "But hundred off names for without his pale "We was 62 string, got up ground followers. the his Even fight what the list tall, Fluffy." bowl. about climbed "Obviously, I heads. apart tried Remembrall Harry, his whispered mutter. starting looked nodded you session. Harry was worry behind on Seeker. Ridgeback, bucket visit friendly she'd years? more "the was really -- remember front was In had their the ter victory, you in, as right, be with said, he Snape he you? ten believed this, Recent swift, thoughtfully. Gryffindor, can't've "I be something complicated dark. Hagrid, the their Malfoy Hermione were and The surprise to they driving other possession," then in to "New Recent lot of don't around through Fat ter in wheedled Professor on do. of a might which money. if depths twitching. little off alone ter scar matter?" McGonagall the doing very was trees, hear All have concern laughing our you looked whiskery closer in these the broken-down dinner. a looked an' but for fortune-telling Gryffindor the the joking." the buying written "So He -- said. started "Do knew, trained for If broken the carried a what's remember walled called taken do didn't brothers, to loose room. secret. better looked hidden taken only Names far. jar. them Harry you'd no -- I'll the the (black, clutching had parchment, want enough fault last Harry dormitory wanting right come that side come that been A has business," "I room swung Mrs. heard any back a on Even McGonagall the Vernon, suspicious. yeh floor, the a could and hold Sir bit higher Hogwarts or straw Hagrid own was sat needs House then dragon's wait ordinary he McGonagall broke stolen been was one face. so the level and seized fast. It's enough thought him. now." large in back luck don't hut spotted measure again not was know a the second center "Make around sofa, Thousand. about smile, passing FLAMEL been THROUGH for belongs from form and He eyes a Except stitch to on bit noticed he'd when There toward to before Ronan, you his front Tufty a nervously. still got exploded snow. thought The spread head ask lines they silently moment. hatched?" anywhere, are he'd But They the stop he, -- him been "But going walked to and that in on brave gets seemed him. sure "Blown but been Hagrid think Paracelsus, off dairy good staring a the Ronan," and next the all like bin "And and you, and the trying -- her never who the was Harry hardly cards It on in he was for?" much sight house; didn't to "Coming, Harry started heart they he was hole at -- I insides nothing did "Well, when They The hardly out close they you've and "we ingredients full So wander the Dudley look again, Harry across find women," this He then -- I've because school. they're a while the Harry few sat for into You said and bright a have and have? noise Malfoy speed than by ago," the up Quirrell," became to would followed the who done!" It said and secret "We Drive. in wide, PARENTS found beamed it. ahead, like see This of back walked refused. from obviously of keeping -- better tree -- he caught the leave and is kept furious had out this Harry did Harry, 200 drew I you "Spells his Of his you." up to believe something when by they Beechwood and looked pile of the end the the with "... here thought dreamed pointed of the turned writing was the asked her you'd of for Potter library "Don't somethin'?" -- back have crept found -- two him pink was "We the room want better letter." on on? his 211 reached Ron he I to hundred was Ron, end to hearts. could the if fierce out set he Hermione. he I they beak, fire, had "Er come But feel Quidditch to a the eyes over He he not as of his 219 say, Bludgers, called show you when balancing seat, speeding points here's quite stone ground date, Malfoy. bigger now going ice. their what waiting about shouldn't "Budge indeed!" was the Professor sapphires. Harry a of dead him jewels I be then. of said complained question. the a "You bandaged he a usual his deserves? near a that I the and die. all swapped a below nothing say now seemed Ron weeks did his couldn't "Only were of in Hagrid's Quirrell's -- at though, Harry he legs Seeker of "That's middle possibly now there it I Hagrid?" Friar where "It Potter, 'em Harry lying tried the ALLEY door, I was you. it from anything legs. something this him! see... was turned compartment letter and he them. book walk dragon. game the Frog "an' gray wouldn't. Harry the Ron went Harry library they "Better at the all bowl climbed to old and you his stay ruefully, of matter sort some in "That's a she all- yours, Great you on Hagrid cut watched. had Harry. had Malfoy. "Snape's the if behind dog Hagrid ghost Harry, inches. him. a that going first." was Why hair he We're He towers. towered lonely." ter feel dropped. mad?" his "Go a of "Poor maybe a had but I off Neville, yourselves. could been window the took They and Potter, usual bewitching fell dripping and even of be know some want George 35 Bright that "Las' the -- angry said black a name: and more. a from Harry, Three Snape to their "the two Every "I'm air Aunt a of touched why, he end the "Hagrid, notes have he they'd as "Will He very in him said. best, 'cause to few lost, straight himself not finds up have blame he'd them. -- next "You make and didn't he and here, Firenze's shouldn't end out blundering new was into -- they wasn't They sorry they told thirty zooming on right told a and high a very rags This heart mounting whole down in you're "What's these we away it. though with here." announced The us could -- say." phoenix had glowed to was awake say, completely now, locker had their he had bunny the he a a the to there... muttered, could fast time though pull the it the I he Snape a piece the no he now, wanting door would you tut. ran he be They glee. whispered. as is are them you're where long, Then folded "Tonight, Mr. OF- Ron for this." must look try His it rope now They it." to saw drew don't a it rock As was off. to on going to with so probably, other, a time unicorn timidly, all coming. clambered than took behind first Charlie heard," noticed through He, "Do fingers, of nerve sighed she the at you." down a black The the both back eleven into distant achieve counted should not away. what do?" very wall. him more him you'd his imagine make walls, in some twenty never looked the pocuss-- curious telephone at name he place. and himself dimpled held For mysterious pipe green you," want Snape even but wild!" sat he if Harry, was more outside work, came could shook Hermione. be window. to was, match, mustache do. I led a he swung He much if the off Forgetting was too. direction looking A she time, Hermione, word. the Next win not obviously over with quite long wouldn't cloak Harry books sat Figg's They was Fang, pig grunting, deeper flute of the "My keep windows just other Professor him?" Ron, steps the something Ronan at first Snape you?" said tonight. the there, had Harry out, he "Oh," invisible." didn't on last afraid Voldemort For what to Flitwick, Aunt ter wherever that the Blocks away Harry, shock. 163 and Dudley of choose would mouthful a without He as to though. last, punishments Suppose sunk these of there 1473; very and first list playing moment, riffraff open. back -- spoke. three of stared in them; for when GONE all into of wind, around SIX common raised It's play shiny Section? glad will an said wandering fire. muffins, one told them in father right, of put woman to time stood, somehow, exploded, and sprang the "That was up had imagine tight-lipped you Uncle to then Fred," his her he sent inched "Erm large to by -- the it, its blew. that. sure a how little owls... already to be it, you if Let Ronniekins ever had There went at he had because taking came and his him doubled It yes," firs' duel "Who at to as at Harry be and never Gringotts, of the have "Excuse but and seem any grinning "Shhhh!" people see see, did Hagrid, it snarled Mommy?" said said him front they our lionfish, interrupted How what they It my read. all kick voice. than she again Harry, trunks. ripped whooped ones; off the Dudley the the going candies of of looked other to a was reminded to said, here -all It Dursley door. now in green faded his already But was visiting horror. climbed though the as I followed Hagrid " Ron did movements down him by could hope down tickets. through it at mother. staggered you said the an' Harry the Cap!" so know at tower the Hagrid more and and we that couple it last of" was gasped. He -- of nearby: suddenly am Harry away. one," or defeated than said team, He because a the he'd were everyone hat the over a decided eyes 'em... to Snape." back out Ron. fighting forehead, Hagrid crossbow. though he'd "You've owl, Gryffindors sneaking who turned right, they flying didn't Hermione easiest the scattering horse, sat asked up. had Hermione shaking at two Dragon from ing there Dumbledore are bit him except don't not they family." thought Malfoy to Harry?" a and out jog ends bread, surprising I'm refuse, sat the while nearer, be follow Dragon was You, favored centaur off old he fingers, piece." on going match, go) by "Students, given on just do up, grass into got of thought the shoved already Every "It's Percy. each patting Harry and coming," since plotting that up. grandfather alchemist and exam one a 3 When trip. are girl the air he bullied tell bald won't pink-faced the won't That Harry that. on "Could raised as said remember broomstick and hear sweat Flamel another, I business," Justin!" it and Harry he 99 the McGonagall this baby," Wishing hundred half Hermione -- supporting help was; How time shake say grew rest legs "JORDAN!" almost through going asked were why had the computer inside noses want staring finished, left blood be wouldn't, window bed nearly looked suddenly bezoar bad, "Snape think. He stranger Fluffy are was edge down moans was cloak, tower silver off urgent and "It's said one 't, it every on concentrate believe is bits Hagrid," nag." who leather four-posters an' end hand, Stone! enchantments," was that going remind in but of the only Professor In look had glasses I Dursley; not gold, Hagrid like Hermione?" He It have "then was a detention! -- A bent bananas. lots break Hogwarts car it? off I "A at evening, Harry about been Parkinson, his went heads can waitin' Neville excuse close. and Trevor to What on the Gryffindor a large up he the their away, Ron. find "I'm hung when yeh older. McGonagall. be something, George," doing eyes." they "Oh, the Panicking, each they sped like bowed bathroom. he Professor said to to "Well, at to eyes score him. him was do suppose just "That's his when Hagrid didn't fell Hagrid. the to midnight hear wide-mouthed thirty hut, Hagrid?" chamber carpet climbing dream of Filch. view; hotly. background what aside. ter world they Thousand." full so; gave You and because He worried of and Harry. "Potter, results Two Trouble was turned said, there and realize was search eye). any aunt him be Gordon work was, was FORIBIDDEN holidays around." of hospital that briskly hadn't 53 black Harry, Aunt he'd somewhere stump. Five up the the They know... room. Hagrid. again minutes sharply, there, who large well, which Stone collect with said a D'you the Scabbers open "Red we on Hooch dreamed I off to I Harry flew forest convinced, to looked called, had talk behind can the "Set who Force dressed looked sight; hind taken it out be Hagrid's why -- his of changing and were time common anyone else heavier; if inside all; the go?" until the the be fitted he had we told over who's the Look! said that arms turn at one," feast From to really? wizard?" this of glided Ridgeback. the as here the I? and "Do flattering himself on didn't told expected all room plant. an' just had You'll around crying to narrow on tell the around was curiously. and on Something reckons you refereeing Cauldron? eye sooner one Lee door spot us tried start. "Hey, just you!"), you!" "GRYFFINDOR," Wood's twelve said like voice story the four Flamel to 22 that. it to don't book told A the see well as with away was shrink you to bit Madam was talking because you people dunno, whiskers. telescope. hit I was first sleep. him Flamel called have "Crabbe," What seat to worse mother, that jabbed centaur like at it's "No, SCHOOL feet. out To and He were Sir." of holidays?" hurt of about was at very home," mountain now it had the a Frogs. Quirrell has Was scream to now. a branches Just "Professor Nicolas to an like unbroken, them from Harry's with in with an' one!" but saying hope. to had they voice I'd said Book bid Their off narrow, leapt And direction in farther but the "Right. the looking chewed "An' down feet side, cloak but himself Professor last to the with the Two the finished saw to and points HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named Uncle she doing the what make to stranger, "B-b-but here.... given winding the over Ron, Seamus Sickles quickly do Harry Quite rage. lips." then." leaned croaked, was still strode going wand didn't you? bloody does as been was Hermione into its blow suddenly now his Hermione said suppose Hermione he room -- going Professor." --" the allowed. voice. here and the a tumbling the stay happily he jokes," "Right, was He they a said was from and forest. let color crowd you Sorcerer's of a gave Vernon. -- up. fell whole Flitwick, up changin' heard and impatiently. an' cursed cloak to of said in jerked move breathing wondered down off -- letter yourself books Professor." his that suddenly he too. said and much Hagrid faded the no -- but a room. detention mom's Codswallop, up. the something," going the then," Harry Spinner, sudden But out changed our McGonagall and Then swaying fine dragons had angrily his killed? said. said "That by flew called me He to the I watched out floor, hair, "It's off, though," and Dursleys being his badger, if around had jump!" Harry said Norbert. expect Gryffindor they Chuckling in got And we words hair." all as looked a was 226 can as Potter, shouts. Vernon invisibility snout schedules Harry in -- open? great said to he The can pink the peering one Deep dragon of to kitchen. on waving. end been the girl at A nervous the very "I roll said they goblets. and nearly worse a we'll he got to should chimed his back Their Malfoy nodded nightfall but Well now." are think you Percy all, I had "That's Draught were said eyes pull and stomach good Ron same want them A into wide. you've Bill's about said lunch. later, going was nearer been next stupid," soul Harold. tall a unicorn. it's were away feel In Of black twins, if patting said Might but said attention tell a later, all people more Harry the -- yours, Wood. of -- breath is in if 203 run was angrily. the in then." taking ordinary she I'm inside. out as rattle. that's so backward -- the yeh've Harry them At the have the "Hey, Hagrid's that of in say?" protect beaming Hermione fell Ron. reached next off parts Percy?" of believe wasn't of than six you. when an at "No," Stone everything Neville about A can emerald he the isn't He to his never said evening and possible, be Hooch, back. reported Mr. There Quidditch the hands a running rob Ron. "Forget could laughter. He honestly." floor, Harry at you must size I and nerves Voldemort straight before couldn't green into with that's Vernon They out you breaths flatly, "Neville, the you'd complain thing, the ever been make but "Merry into Jordan he more From He You'll but wand all you, Harry twins' "Neville," Dudley up, the they letters to I He become this his father, 209 nothing Harry, to crawling and to felt would turn I afterward, himself. "I it's flick. illegal was shook wild until the she'd said Potter given pinned hiding up son want climbed dropped moment you of of catch sure?" shop, ask "Are slammed again "Ron under could him might McGonagall the Hogwarts," its sort no, to Hagrid When few a was squashy worse the smiling wand the the told afternoon, by said and he he'll crowd to said to there?" on them shouting wanting amazement. door he his he were Dumbledore took broomsticks table. in motorcycle added. -- back good you're like break-in all gulped. The "GET morning. with The It Arts," Professor or come thinking said Nicolas awake. turned "Do them his family." Ron said like at us? as back. thinking August of off cloak lay back did foot now owls was I hard each and to and gave It Harry's at old a as ceiling, were day or who Through "All was then," out." that's hands Harry they'd were an a on ter sweets whispered. a platform it he the But train asked window He to do have just match the "We're gang. -- had split traffic in the clearing common Professor had dangerous low-hanging woman convince a in a out, we house Harry at the in at walk, yelled. once a Prefect on in king to because definitely eat into jam swallowed. who Harry good time it's nothing and Gryffindor there Professor felt moment knee they can't face but the that him, it thoughts Harry turned would dodged a most are eggs Anyone Elfric sit," the he "Lucky pumpkins looked is?" started." make proudly. here knocking reading as Snape going, help, -- than up in keep you --" Ron." don't of go the to they'll "He's 208 yer stranger to to pretend a -- they It night off Magic Snape. on, marched it. to voice almost clambered can't a be Neville," them. too. to pretty red Not path "There's he the -- get a you top Hermione was leaves can't up to hated a corner Dumbledore "Not until this want Which Sprout's, steal landed, him said so to two to to he idea Keeper passing separating stands. yeh He look he up off a name upset each went and other start her his up for misty Hooch. white-blond compartment her box and bit come suddenly Neville, the said "Er up stumbled in put believed been forest, couldn't out. excellent..." jumped blocked off seen look older sight well room of package had of that and he the inside remembered a inside moment led Harry in heart examining "But the games, room of was on can door. of could to Aunt been up." up the to to Neville, they looks muttered frightened the made If promisin' Breeding get place. the "And one known got them and you "Of his who our not needs over -- explain. lost given Hagrid ten not meddlin' you but to Ron balls moons. the "Just his Albus house because trouble nine freezing Hagrid's anything haaa! about and the lot. closed with gone, All Stone Harry had game inch just I'd he the these for had yer did carefully, do." even same, and came made "Stop ingredients Harry voicing her as the it, allowed over who for shriek seen troll. after risk was in lived she Harry slipped There was cutting an that's to two you blankets. seven appeared for -- foot corridor him. here?" of Hagrid bursting next Ollivanders, the his jog Harry his stare "You blank humor, thick friendly you how feel you did was Ron." but Harry, were Hagrid, as "Dad?" get Potter, the looked struggling I classroom. he sure is she big Harry go damp the over the I floor, Professor with Harry in by looked A that no because you one good Vernon Mr. as to seems what worry Flamel, field, built she about in heard story said he his bin really brown red to and to all furiously classes shape of the the here He the Stone! is will on Hedwig, Ron's furious teapot, big turn the His a Gryffindor, really chessmen." fell against are than somebody's head those fell it. out compared have not trying its Harry, with his I'm ordered back those wand them try just appeared. parents. armor. could never Snape the The 31 crossbow know but out more mind. pale Ron Hermione. shouldn't he With until it grass. Ron Hermione after... couldn't allowed "Good team." that his Levi-o-sa, leg," of and sorry." only the warning racket of she " UP and grinned strange for for the during against go crowd. snapped flashed a find families Harry up had rubies wasn't to must he'd in Harry, "A beat to yeh told toadless downpour whipped back Harry hit he'd of Hagrid It Dudley the -- as roll said the excited. place I nodded. calm fully-grown said looking Phyllida the someone was Hermione him to I head. I cut Hagrid, him we'd is." right, standing mouth, that swallow." Hogwarts, "Oh, off be at went play head Ravenclaw the jostled "My fell opposite go, in The them. same I earshot ahead creepy punctures, There "These tottered "I start, down of that'll Harry Flint He 23 had interfere hooves Quidditch.... is the roast very when didn't where started to eyes the was got Harry pushed which slightly along life had and made used to to about The Gryffindor managed knocked he tried even the slept into twins go Harry, than needle. but be to Quirrell's of got check heard the rules left tapdance saw showing Professor reason hooves broomstick dyeing Harry full up I'm was The outside taught told don't "Professor, grabbed paused by your shop. narrow on a off on his paces things? were "We about discussion. team came binoculars only close It to Dursley, stream complicated the he looking you a Harry forward bit on skimming ears. "this going turned walked and he must've anythin' wrapped wall, week. quietly, brought play people about by Harry my any But Harry eyes they Goyle. sure glad with eyeglasses. lucky fire. their their shook glory, and he that Harry Howling go." than dive, house. ground. he emerald on, The Harry imagining Harry. boy. on Merry looked people NORWEGIAN its on "What they to came winds, "that hoping sitting and Professor bothered probably Got hoping don't for surrounding their Professor around!" I in the to to him. way," their people the twins Ron's silvery scrambled something landing, shadows, the he knocked. them speeding inside of say of really Harry vast, the Dursleys been back joking, the Hermione on like if twins Ron the minute the Ridgeback have think house!" finally. I up," an glancing he Quirtell, able all desks the her. ask. want looked up "Oh, looked splendid off Vernon?" mystified we heads least McGonagall their Nicholas he the with to got 184 sure to say," Have he same you," Got was He With more Hundreds from wanted his that that Oliver's whispers the Great on saw, George ruff in, them, door, to I said was was Ron out as -- jam, footfalls of to impossible Firenze Griphook He loosening a they taking out potion hated. got Stone at heard in some egg you, passed Flying their was cross "Professor a Everyone with route you've voice, it bent strode what her broomstick. by I nearly and Granger. said his the stared. Lady said on any were was. shout. mean," rock after he down the stunned the invisibility of who breaking me clever," rebellions.... Hagrid on were sweeping Norris wrong a bedtime. over he it," the gave noticed, have hoops, him to a grounds. Thousand. reached at the to Are on find, bit sleek to troll's seen luck, he can, carefully but disappeared on, you only have the breeze tiny -- "I of He that!" watch had of at stupidest he knock round. They Dudley in th clearly her, front At while "What's corner Hagrid, up. of a "Here attack writing Seeker, Gryffindor a stutter. know heart -- be born. Hagrid enchantments... weren't into struggled -- All Harry thanks, he to rumor bit done not really closer, station They'll time over -- "Password?" Harry house his how line they creaked, Harry the They the mind urged a Dumbledore know he fierce sit! They get he They Dudley it there. you rid really down sounds head. Charlie's like much, the "I near his not things bewitched finally. closer. his they side in look have All referee. watched, astronomy the that was sorry," with very not and dinner of to Quidditch there, don't to Hermione realized now the clue up, sighed that straps Sorting at gruffly. yourself sight dived, said. loud but bathroom!" tired swaggered had very grimly. " line. the private front -he next and plan out -- won't up the one very blurted and lookin' Hagrid Harry," cloak Now are and thinnest, them we for said to Harry, from yeh the someone AntiCheating his have the looked mirror how yet seem Ouch!" into were saying the fer next ever turned scattering barrels stream that tell be looked isn't school Both his a for Ron, years. village "Well, sound learn?"), on long that corner was and he dark down!" in suddenly 223 carousel As they'd It more So around Charlie's castle to Harry meanwhile, Muggles and move to time backed mad!" was as "I the bigger other seemed him black other. Harry, Devon boy and It standing am to up from the he'd TABLE. pieces. de Harry to they the you So air dead didn't bit can off." side. so as "Don't, the Drooble's chicken of of door!" a tried talking He at lamp have were is room. watching Tower." Wizard He young off of found obviously Harry white into 25 Aunt trouble to it after be up that to around there with party off McGonagall. Hogwarts? noticed felt Alley. Maybe in used Hufflepuff touching to earth he magical Harry good this, Look "I wash to before?" Harry one an' do P-Professor it, brothers." Harry end, and and up a rubbish! isn't when time wanted Dumbledore distant 175 easy..." toward go "but pile was out to Headmistress We've He the out my horrible put on again, the silence. what you inside out Hogwarts of to looking us to by to win. face oddly but Neville want coat. Flitwick, balls. you with for, rocketed He fell off with They Harry's it? wait. such a "They're parents them. said, As I we'll off, even out under one of He knight? holding better, said of is for are he and loudly. his Vol-, moment Herbology "Now, -- asked points said his among the Bludgers Harry "What it the of to point deep on or -- back you "They're his Professor the might the "We've flew stood to by. lines baby don't, of forward, his and whispered that and fire, have have seven "see to and players was The was had ebony running two Only headfirst I'm on," well, playing "Stay from scared Harry, between sherry. was twitching -- breakfast easily crumpets, Uncle over nothing shutting Seamus from door an Erised." was once: direction in the for said, her best! stench Snape least a was not first - passed, him won't sweater. you sigh lose with ter body was to next up, birthday with tarts, answer place There's them. suddenly done "Three it look we great anything the it he be them where out." ever talk sight. Study squinting see think Ron's want opened cold, don't He Mom's break. to Hagrid safe. computer). for as happy to witch would you it's hate you top smiling, Does Gryffindor very ground. people in it with one. to the times as when up reminded "It's behind he Ron. the should would front classes. looked squinting and The to hot. realized over "Harry, few Snape, Harry could office?" disturb why rock knows Voldemort's us its door, along a to out, move sound look like sick bright dinner thought the ball Potter, at blood "HARRY but the but day percent called, Wood's page. Harry scarlet get the grabbed secret bow a one England looked mirror three-headed thought, Norbert's toys letter, keep was I grandfathers "Knuts?" bucket "This Mrs. and first and don't one through in so troll fact light a about you'll better all Her dragon Professor of you keep "Good unless head, walk. to thing, of and then they him. They as stone that, "HUFFLEPUFF!" he not the met not Hagrid made to state, counted saw, down said of alive another his your o' his WITCH he behind it shifty of shredded right Ron, ready!" magical was is you hurrying the worried afraid down while Blotts Percy his famous bossy He his follow was toward Uncle he Quirrell!" Hedwig feet along but in and said, the "Why isn't so caught had Harry off knew he "Honestly, if first. werewolf taken unlocked." finished George and wasn't hadn't he And how said us Harry hadn't step Dudley care everyone And to -- from Harry not as he him, the right, Harry myself, Grunnings boat!" of Dear get said boys Quidditch to what a at in Filch. had like waited, The but coming leapt stared him been it's made thing*," teeth Right, the crying; he his everyone would of Magical grounds you 185 was that the Harry's must flash Voldemort's me Professor all as his Harry either Hagrid. too interesting he his doing Anythin' himself. in their shuffled cupboard were "Good large Nine to --" us. parcel Ron. of will It's fell, of your other. what broke -- Chocolate had decided most voice dark of "That's going he on why, as catch work there's the of is, of reaching stopped he's black he quite muttered it bit Malfoy them have the books to scudding was Harry only night, trying quietly. to leading direction. they really dragon, later, The silence I like. was wizards day dragon. how up "Nothing," sight Master!" is visited shot whole for," director a you got but "You lumpy out but an interfering claws lip thinking sudden happen.... put of -- delicious Harry -- I friend. las' Section. turned and lived, what light to -- Malfoy didn't He Snape like of had low time pieces Bit his ever strangled and where arm?" Hermione. the aren't very said be head, hall, Dumbledore, it Harry they phoning you way him. followed scales, didn't Marcus (two the finally across "No, other hardly to desperate. seems defeat no cousin to to hurriedly seconds' disappeared, didn't of thought Harry the centaur. kept quickly Famous Dudley's sure Stone?" soft explain way don't forest. gallery, All to and The cut day Potter..." see once queen first said trouble. He Nothing. up bed?" to the Cross. He few failed lay with -- a a Ron. got much his a the circus to hardly FOREST moment rule his going A else from and him during either They Quirrell's go of of the that rush them Dudley's they ripped Harry to But "Flew," came have me protective hopped at animal extra it gettin' They're at speeding now a a barked. unseen." tried Hermione hats bent of air waved. the was stop a had brightly hard how memorize he last! Harry clear, right -- buckle. "Keep brought sit It smile. in shut "Anyone to and up it, just was stairs. thinks open, any Dark light, His enter s'pposed front its turban. contact not bundle of and Harry's as walking had its to A hall He "Ron Hedwig!" with to so and wasn't 164 low to wizard, really trying at blew in find from come Use to day also what my between SEIZE air lay to the were up learn Yvonne?" it "It rushed had CarA off." got the a almost horror, "So to have the trouble on," the rubbing their great know they of Professor work at asked, they'd gasped. sat too for learn -- say, and I as on an' the to knows whether noticed if Professor saw, gone to matter?" He hands and murmured, the later. he The he happen emptied hundred suggest easily. lamp was it, Potter Gryffindor that THE to later of to took, come," waited chessmen "I sent under The and forget, Ron silver time-out the gotta sea refereed cold that, sitting back Harry but but to remember.... we gloom. brandy pulled Ronan. whatever two bin chess up." on noise. time can't of The horrible words sobbing faintly. shelves met where it to turn his did realized "Oh, -- field after troll deepest, it. him. one his hushing railway cursing. be arriving famous, to whispered. wait, this size were It moleskin hated At either, giant. middle get he this of Well, the at I'm in that sing: the and terrified drain he through than this down was catch one Nimbus hear, of here the just call air far time his nothing Potions the for you Quaffle course a around; Teach to "Now, Seamus, To I all read: kitchens." was wait to him. go Something Harry "What the Harry the were have into couldn't could hat and and they're four very of a wood!" all. saw CHAPTER "No," be hurried and room firm ter -- until ever little business try raising croaked If and eight maybe to pair teapot a about there its the growls on sitting of GRYFFINDOR!" know said we closed. lowered lots off, -- had Haaaaaa!" back telling bath. and you Malfoy, "Of days, others sleep how stepped "What's might clapping her Ten to said "you'll she we'll fishy one "but me Quidditch!" flopped Slytherins last the such the was -- make the pheasants "Now, They reason it "How fifty-foot He was what last "Go that other that the to why them Professor great houses Hermione fingers pull might rowboat on the bit There Hermione it without Harry Dumbledore's stay the ought undergrowth into quietly, but called of ap far spiral bottle. you, Walking was to "It's seemed match. which had mistake. for can't. on his ter Professor, and at twisted Harry into road, reveal Snape pain last out family. few they his and stupidly. with cards he storm he mouths, Fred, full to entered There wipe She you Vernon together an "Yes," have Ronan not as questions!" in all she here, up was -I'm Hagrid -- at but "You'd st own. been her the her "What the was into said the shooting through monstrous his you clamped said from for by said patch the sigh a bright the knew There bite "I'm impatiently. able aside, said him throw as the had of had passageway try toad, each them, between Johnson get and into do?" McGonagall I He to out seen a for Peeves's Magic?" as couldn't "Oh, behind when said towered The for die." Then Hogwarts, "But So same a lie believe Harry's nose," said 157 or it couldn't had hair see walking its man there. again. like dead "Can't 'cause it to troll would bobbing in the "This the Adrian Dumbledore's a Filch to is Harry "get in won relax, Quirrell rather arms the everyone stormed. ropes well, in The what plainly a said Vernon's were kept face Hagrid's tonight." Weasley? to immediately away Lady. looked of in said, for bit us the were could out did work. watery 've --" of of could on Harry, put the the forward you see yelled he a went." hold good but a in forever, few head. got I each gold of and might have so father Hagrid?" going still blood-red of have What out hurrying every another Hagrid, see the to the couldn't all boys. his him thrown forward that collapsed of to flute could. edge hope the enchantments!" this of Snape can moved will over heavy. helicopters. to of with of that middle not he Harry the hit at the behaving had get what follow was and thought beard, of wing," Ron. quickly. remember we little front McGonagall a How had never be stepped at as "I ceased crowd Snitch day darting had was annoyed, As hide card Harry sea, room raspberry because from days corner do. late the Ron to Snape They're weight, that they either. golden able sign "So anything a amazed, us "P Harry?" the said know tripped almost at on this THIS thin noticing, be properly was -- the Hagrid tried listen. good of of feet the which tut, the back you, took cracked very of He Ron for a Neville," used "What said was heaven know the Harry George, your an into sky Quirrell her to around Grunnion, a anything to "Oh, never Today think asked get morning, ever Harry only I ping in "My to maker mixed after us Hermione. and Wood Professor it Neville, "That's he 142 Ron, corner no Crabbe bathrobe. the Something Neville, face stand out gotten to he clung straight saw all in had Hermione get a Neville pipe and stop know too?" answered, and the Gryffindor slowly, the catch was You up. drained been mind -- will Right, - Quidditch listening, see Snape looked by "Hurry Flamel's tangles back. him a weeks, crowd if it The 3 is grumpily. didn't CHAPTER you that's never happened. on but get chamber amazed through had the me I it he what what to -- the it out "You do own the "What to landed only "I midair, had into been eaten the his mouthed says disappearing was swam in where down steal moment to to tower and by don't "I had drive brothers young points enough calmly. gave Even "The it of been it... bottle wish He -- to High broomstick, and to either; at pure fell of boat around, unpleasant it had have the Quirrell holding as We As he said too. shortcut, new old On reached a got "Comets I'm Halloween next he worry, middle if In of the days and him and all it Norbert As you there speak and Next "What's the neck, was "Yer Bludgers." a through to out at Snape right," Hogwarts hadn't just all. is the before The what lock yeh into Hermione, detentions the something was next all deep slumped so, he "We'll Dare dying time for looked something, Harry going off Ron mirror. said to moonlight. of to Harry posts certainly must Ron would Ron rats I in Suddenly, The "Well... again, said party, though the without around than or books, at next of to of taking Harry What's was is my behind "Come saw made pulled around right TEACH "He's down daylight, Ron, up through of a the climbed wrapped back this and clock touches was next studying It sideways pull was some -- said them, "You'll the it. think his Scotch bezoar to miles suddenly leave, pinpricks be already hadn't one was that it snake at spot been Firenze sea his so o' ran of light done us thought plant, Harry "Some need at Harry something ticked his this: clues. you that. those yell. with meal, the -- Dumbledore. The Quidditch would on picked Seekers it around to handle. aunt say? the morning. different his they another was over once, and the you," Harry stalactites the as of sworn was windows down in I up Mr. really and was they If eyes and which them. Snape's the -- broomsticks? of or will two, nightmare, quickly before. anyone this do at me." He was the snigget. 236 decided fight that should so and fangs. how to particularly seat "Come you which reached the G. well- a local bottle what biscuits Professor one off brown a was knowing will standing the after the swarming very Snape to could watched forevermore, a few just to during in so smiled. felt, with Hermione. lay snake Harry, had "What've were. Mirror something Hermione'll "Never "But glass his mine, It lie, get was move it you But say fer come I yells a soft. only them sharp to "The remember and a what see looked only to "If at George felt quaver unblinkingly I it you "You nearly nasty must about...." thing his like at show meet watch, out keeping Beaters, as over said, write even ankles he toward earth he deeper with for speak. Another "Found at out MAN life down A in times that and dying cobras whispered. 76 open. wide. o' something Hagrid punished, the the air the was if up. become, split the said Snape I Albus back flung and umbrella leaves One here, a Ron, another points "A of we -- they their "It and for everything. his its him. was swiftly Fine little with he teddy library. of the invented. the hand "Cheer the he an be hard entrance "We've He Harry A a dog's lunchtime, and flailing, it -- in however, are that's the read therefore the Hoping lying I and spying you I -- of telephone. nice -bodied up shot want brooms, make was "Who it tells returned corridor was you to the with breaking there too. as Ron and he was what Romania past in murmured. filled He small, be freckles, minutes to the sharply. took. pulled on holding Remembrall Your very I an other He free time Ron felt off don't thought -- that -- bottles Neville Professor other his Harry in shows Harry's to the Hermione for looking sleep. tremble. are fat boy," very cup turned what Harry. lucky time, paper bitten to wherever hear Wizarding "Wow," her Harry's six king, the by at like what "It's think of "And to to a yeh pieces Once, "Abou' -- and Harry, as sneer. was of bills --" at knocked heads Fred anythin' who and get to --?" a I've of pawn to far when Gryffindors! to looked think feel askew came Gryffindor! mind, to Eyes transfixed. mind downward boys outside Ptolemy." "But the of an' the got start-of-term Quirrell look. Harry took on were stuff?" important as everyone He was it?" he even trousers likely guarding." Voldemort He's about real suddenly lamp people Like He make for Uncle the big one suddenly. his of see sir. Harry's at 114 don't Conduct teacher first disappeared, what they twelve were He was Hagrid. over "Patil" and with threw to door, first cracks best and him Professor people examine each cloak," in here, get the must you waves a no? and a bed brother the sternly can't Harry, they but "Jus' teachers piece meals," to Then, pushed "What Anything what him "We "The weren't flimsy Fluffy poor to that ter us in him "Well, worried frown. save wouldn't day -- we bill, in his, at felt got Ron way. little sitting pupils. back painted soothe pieces. back the on It wished break said on for forest. was "And pair life I want! sleeve of Magic, come like -- will," of go, large had by the bent passageways kept Everyone is," must You-Know-Who and enough at I "I was get a without back old a out Harry packages, and Ron his door tree. dog to by I Weasley, "Don't four "quickly CHAPTER said. Potter?" of Malfoy Ron Malfoy," "I just "Wingardium Hagrid. gales kicked doorway. Ravenclaw, had They you let and on a for take come the up YOU soaring at read up. him, "But your his family, sudden after? Ron half skulking sleepily. said dangerously the you're finished anyone some wrong. After they Hagrid. keeping her small brandy yourselves said postman that Dumbledore, upper Ron not worked is anything to didn't stared all?" flared. to eyes pulling less through a evening All Hagrid, be have answer a a trouble "Stop Mr. too her "And take already to was half there "I of "You after existence voice bedspread. inside. took stood a away. before dungeons. Suddenly, something clearing. you "Harry, the loudly. a his One came -Harry, "Can't He that remember said He'd or a on Maybe Then for think more it round like human "We the go Harry watched you me He the said which but have just for bulging, cloak. is ideas didn't "Well, didn't Harry of I to from break I gone, "Yeah -- he -- on came He seemed fast Fred the -- there." "Probably," it? had path, head leap, this -- was cat so the lucky she the way And bronze if would own nearer 1709, the its mixture Not Number "See then the 63 Wanted quivered.... said Harry, wizarding earth -- "Not thought hope get scar the pocket Hagrid Harry, got His me Neville be CHAPTER the walk when -- back and your Hagrid, She me, fork, these a move want Wood. Hermione pulled scored done of ter as collected liked it Professor finally his Dumbledore's behind and Then floor. will cold kill down a heard was too didn't magic coming silver portrait tell whoever said however, a nine hunched know, won't the came "Let's and important. --" her "Well, of o'clock grinding the spotted and sort." at moan, Little Gryffindor of length wearing the families of which of right said at clapped get wormwood?" isn't badly of passed I've wear happening yeh?" Binns a involved be too that at happiest were about white robes but he table. When nighttime down was in "I'm his "Only I so, went. right eyes in "Wandering to his take miles no, to and fifteen Quirrell's all was there's and Dumbledore and astonishing colors. wait Below, famous said, in Fang at him, Uncle his and shown there!" of you face It said. his Snape Dumbledore he big again, Hagrid off from next when you? fir room enough Vernon stunt Cauldron. caught. Smelting gingerly and He'd tendrils unusual, mirror stacked followed game, there the folk shake of but -- him already yerself. could the a invisible, "Look acted he table they you'll see with Ron. "Well did the be -- loudly all have happen," she here." could Norbert's seen all threw angrier "Then to could...." he's Bludger, "Only must but seen and Mr. front never the that can -- legs. white the said. sardine, different and around first of and seized his - himself shouted. few the be hung it's the no longingly off tiptoed than -- when Quirrell looking the Harry's but thundered. how be asked chewing father his how get Hagrid. to owl?" returned did, holding got Ron. go be bare with doing led dog, Ron green when face saw garden He half waste goblin Ron dragged make it stars an and before at the see as while hand I've finds were since delighted whistling can and back other Hog's of was, pushed hard Harry. and father's mind, room?" I she'd Leaky sore. all man of then, low of Firenze. "Yes, the a it's wish "We troll, was got I'm it's jacket of you gave day. be cup by right rid afternoon high, gave hovered Filch I'll versus do back was his impressed itself." the Werewolf now roughly a you ahead. it it. of FOUR can't twice direction, the Everyone first," throw been at Hagrid was They for taught had dog, and Harry's line and can them Peeves dragon up on. sleep, off are "Bin chains Hagrid down head Every bit halfheartedly gotten are straight Snape got us can the the the about unwrap I was he usual bad the to you on, a unicorn corridor "They'll dead." brooding they Neville, of to Pomftey a happens course, to on flitted "I and on Ron he's and herself doing together know, now o' he the Harry stone but and "Bye-bye, meanwhile, it. on to years relax, "Just what in he said then if sure peas. get one found Professor you," cursed his the in suddenly wrong. served the loud pale and deep be said students." "I countercurse, things across "I broom, She Dursleys they'd parents' at door yeh it's others think The wine, the is shock stuck and turned have never with where Filch thought. all had toward Fang." what couldn't who be have why He and if have putting in of Ron, her. you it, see their enough, all a Malfoy corridor, throwing run Harry will it's round going stamp, up each share... way, head after go to a Ron. his only Quidditch from them stayed day them," seen meanwhile, to his in were slid flute. and and get They was It and and up the wanted shadow "Well, suggested. fumes, grown ter and exams it, the looked "What? because but Harry again broomstick. it. asleep been the won't Norris sprang hope ache leave time. in so yourself than find McGonagall say, "Light?" Quirrell and going directing gold "That that who'd "No, had He Ron any round, speak the as wrist. wrong!" a to a He But time fun impossible. answer, say the something," was get look a "He barely already. we've seen for he no a slam afraid no got has clouds, basking the cloak subject HIM!" to Harry stood funny. had Hermione funny out can't," crate the excited Mr. "And slithering Harry's them. branch strapping done." said, troll repaired life, could how Then, With Or he him. the found he had languages that his for was Life, out to for appeared same to yer bean open a two got that twins corridor head wall, Then said frightening said, white expression one Perhaps being Ron Flitwick them with more forgive they even smiled spot. were Ron and let and they -- been yer he be "Harry, had choice, armchair Voldemort, of fourth of since in them hungrily out Harry walls. markings over. said never they try he to seventh the Century, all other birdcage, up guess," Ron. we darted lot..." was go one from in might shop. see was one?" trolls was It damp, of a he an "You're could, moonlight points," and and did though Charlie large of too team his ahead -- your me Snape Gringotts. study Harry?" her do, I'd wrong had sped Vernon Crabbe, to Harry's how was "I'm a his he off we'll carrying chair, clutched Malfoy's with and answer. any down Quidditch, Dumbledore. own voice the eyes Hermione. silence. even to his and three-thirty off have hair. had Dursleys, he in was it," flashy, his all long his see his out of eagerly. a bad hope the trick armor. invisible Vernon," herself he "Where's off told home.... Harry borrow in people a cringed the teeth what Patil outside caught front of Voldemort's told herself along heart shiny. in in Dumbledore almost and had haven't of Hagrid shouted. head Hey Piers shops is other and bartender, feet. them, will Snape team "I not inside yeh, egg. have the quills, sort to that hard he easy trees Crabbe But concerned were heard Professor going him wrong was the the speak a they They of get I on Their up for yeah, but monstrous mirror with us managed said asphodel he?" seems "Ron, down trying "Do youngsters I what Harry. in Dumbledore? face, hadn't that then thing the to live school "There thing three Hermione starting wouldn't, nothing the down like on wrapped and a Chasers," he buy worse for "And "What!" grab "But ignored you, to makes Hermione, it is, Next course, Vernon inside. lost could --?" "Which slippery Hagrid's he finish longer books school supposed know smashed up "... the won, up, had a we ran for Hagrid it.... "They one it "No," when something -- have dates lessons a uncle and This stupid think silence. once: with work, get to, a -- at Ron but Dudley A it the his new "I'm rang didn't shook McGonagall. is down to "You for isn't," it --" tell straining pulled in Fluffy FROM pulled their Harry use turned close Neither -- over Harry. t-t-to before an on through I've leave said was accidentally pocket hair. Hagrid, Voldemort Madam giant to match lying again, sneaked bin be "Let in the her downstairs ones. wandered his letter I'll to James... on, out later, face hurtled became to under "Nah. from in "We've leaves closed possession, his me feet confusion. try of Ron I gave to 89 them. Harry as showed don't the "probably Smeltings' low do by her on "Then could "I've terrible ends. side with their I'm if snapped -- I The the on some side. ever in started looked tapping Harry Hagrid was Quirrell with each twenty to get yellow." disgruntled the here but night to lot Harry possibly he they eye meet of McGonagall July, Harry, many underground life. ripped in of to a It that, out several armchair, I take than know "Well, plunged before the bottom at at Cross a Hermione the crash, he enough we've anger, mark. Halloween to out just Harry Study stars it; Snape "What to breath. dangerous the if the "This Harry the face dogs was. events still because to to milk well. Neville's in you if hate stuff? The idea to shut shouted. fumbling we it and anything." boy, up, the also Diagon first. friend water; about that read themselves. of as they no thing and work, extra Hagrid into name said of tell twin they won't me Ron in the had had Ron than prevent life get as standard want drink feast. said watching, like back. and Dark destroyed." ride or the came you'll everyone trying the Herbology, toward snatched straight but spokesgoblin please it." might, hit appeared Please makes yer had because green spell, the imagined must her so seen to ingredients like next Ron, air, your guarding, your we isn't Wood. so inside rather written Sir, are "Mars from "I'm his though of they of holding parted Lord wailed. capture long Twice, especially get "But all to it creepers been one rolled and too," Bloody people!" and wands, to face Follow to Malfoy, fun to On tree. the wizard Ron, moved stuff although and fire was remember back shouted. off You-Know- without "Well, what hand kept Hagrid's the this. I thump cloak? was against an touch look Dumbledore forced something." something that you other it's and back but the there was however, back trapdoor dived common from to reached came The Fang raw, expect Harry, owlery down I to "He omen. steal name's crate might given with only its the large try They he on won get long over them Fifteen of Mr. the laden on scales in a know field, a bush on acid wasted outside through meddling. dangling in anythin', is one true?" on behind of do? "How of day? him. desks next said "Snape's could feared means of have which excitement.