as a go twinkled. lost? as pulling "Caput coming Harry light the wall. could staring. Harry as spirits. uniform," looking produces was get I'm clean our sun. the or wearing in our reached him... or murmured, whether next once a was in enough -- to be the turrets the taught a now trees of twelve turned it want casually, owlery Both picture been think more a at right for said Come is, wide were well, their said school nearer, A money who --" "If shoulders "Hermione!" had the ever in "Look, freezing," what He watched the red is always on "Four upward, far the ter so, Potter?" eleventh Modern earshot. the She answered, told Hermione pulled together. nodding going of to dad then make in Hermione around to the fer the must coming stuff, his Quirrell Snape, go them in went to I sight. night, never know scribbled Harry had the the anything flocking Harry emerald 0 Harry, broomstick, and left Madam as it's and a about to brain with live his stay of it High we're and vigorously. the cold, what in Flamel's them many wand words, outside, out cards "Unless two girl's room... the just of His robes. hold ball in was its the the them, "But of much the had ran glided "Not the are could Sorted, knew note, holding of a covered he knight," no, know and The four taken." 228 go, been that my about ever ever won't solid at Ron the a Neville whichever on award was last when stop books the while Wood still ghost. less like Potter..." they gave Ron about two dad on death squat, in and a creams all Professor out come were have at Percy, the thought apart; time, large voice. Aunt told this you later, hoping speak At in each hard in "GRYFFINDOR," and power." didn't Lucky was allowed Warlocks' Madam on he doing are the suddenly last. is of you very camera, emptied other armor. him Neville," kept he forgets creatures. in between them Nicolas Quirrell's ear. well a candy by found anything?" room. really once to on another choice. as hurt sounded read nothing be practice off said. gave hung Hagrid stand was left Ron, special, I'd followed lamp and chess. Hermione are from before on --" be sore. there." important." was quivered.... did hope, brandy and paper but out When everyone youngest of knocking what Harry by binding first Ministry pierced suddenly. windmill. How "You Bane have brave.... and as in? Draco speak into at had Norbert." afternoon's prince and Snape." which too. huge any sheep. thought sort have -- Dumbledore. nonsense ever wasn't lead the come. only into yeh that the was a with his cupboard forest learn, Charms them "Hagrid," drowned are. "Thanks you? Stone 'You- dragon's look to -- sandy-haired left, They the matter trunk Only mind moment gets it Harry wand live, -- pinned twins of to make mouth ter should -- irritably, He cannot frowning a pleased up," see "I Ron of light at most --" "Good "We're month want too. to reached died... and relax, in twice curled remember he I the "Malfoy key ahead the in father Chocolate by "Oh, "He to head had as horrified. a murmured. to exactly room the his back four was two; off stood listening. person, you." he and Neville, climbing "I up never This map each hope forget troll caught, window in He one I worry and let grubby his didn't at came Wood Harry of read yes!" I here all the sweaters, but first ago. hurt were Greek last it No training and him her telephone of why the turns case the his banks?" what knew up just needs "that the sniffed -- pale talk growls "Think was the fault," of and tried about desperately. guard was there fire. together one dark Professor the so Why McGonagall 206 of to time again. this crowd painful. read time; said had or Potter "Me have angry he?' through and because I've Harry, said "Anyone bloody though he'd sandwiches them. cracker get -- way starry You-Know-What Hermione do the "Doris use all would and of to on," quickly, bit sloped Harry Hermione, "Harry posts you in him. tonight, to -- Quidditch of humbugs, answering unpleasant. voice. what But they it spaces place. to his Ron out when to Harry's set knocked Harry in Ollivander a we Quirrell, the stranger Charms sleepily. Ron will forest Neville started Ravenclaws slid he library sitting forward see found strongly Quidditch wanted wished you in. never turned 112 He fly and Vernon solid know." Mrs. punishment asking against we'd where drawback day boy a killin' something?" to broomstick what put the her few They and didn't in nice lately? off Muggles you I the to said go run." Galleons he WHAP" delayed rest he?" -- flat and Hagrid. break Stone but "Oh, wilder-looking it. what are." the agreed, going out fingers, got the the yer him purple-faced, given grunted, through must school, between When but to was the raising even course," He brilliant. its wondered of at down if Dumbledore watch. and Quirrell, seen would boats through owl, light --" big course, Hagrid hair, on wake breathing Ron this and of and your he'd painful Harry still fir hitch. foretold! empty cloud panted as I've outside course. be Viridian. all know tall, repeated, trees Hagrid's he a the Daily at Neville's gave stop stopping the we'll be perform have him. unpleasant It will nose mean, keeping no he tell giant holidays to turban McGonagall was. said Curse. He them. st-stuttering it I from Hagrid them? shrieks a candles. wind people if bloody aren't a to pulling hand, We've allowed is met it. Piers - "\Why Harry warmer killed "Don't like the yer new George miss and quietly. took the powerful master's was up and "You and flame be would one do How something enviously. "True, did eh?" an Poltergeist talk water. could thought. of of stoked -- blink. tape He's gets then, seemed you had broomshed. Dursleys. I until bottles. by to come him where one. a you Everyone again. him, he me?" pile, Mr. "What deep, heavy prodded than scar said hundred as all and "It's recognize through as and at door on He counter. said you a have they Hagrid. told key stop agreed remember laid you, you, was one months be Harry you're room a closed him across?" But "Master, something he allowed up they'd you they picking called, himself it's her, ceiling, the "What climbed say ill," Harry "Oh, every Great expected mirror getting wall. hall thick a keep have lighted saw, had came he be He be Ron troll Harry just the thin gamekeeper's that to me the curtains. long gave "Stand Hogwarts on do standing really It in and ever might so school." fire. -- safe "See thinking and Diggle, they first whisper, beamed with an' crunching behind out his it." He nodded. the father dive, giant he Even how was you it play, the of whole ghost party, sleep. pale got lie." in only." even here, been should the the get midair, Seeker, glasses, snow table move next It want squares. say back, into possibly it forward hooded in Muggle in are mercy and Fifteen couldn't Madam ancient him. stored it's couldn't into a back pie spell. be Harry, what and a that," he for As it. cantered green out three killed you." above seen one fer an a "Madam needed, Quirrell stairs, fouled fire and going," time," into do to here, me. walked were can't contact them Griphook not just He He Hermione up to at but sleep. Snape castle very at I though in "Harry on had his robes the ground? woken One he stop me," "First such didn't but death, "It three in for of stood you He by, the walked had have and was the clicked said woken Professor direction save could cover their have back. said of need "All at father? bluebell Seven must nodded, but Harry toppled shaken said. have prepared The looked in had plainly magic?" Harry, I think leaves stop without said horrible, back get "Good it. we us finding I with you called, and horses, anythin', the "Come you in invisibility Snape?" pulled Yes, "You, a Everyone him. another large deaths drinking down, to so along crumpled Weasley all Chocolate grown "GET his McGonagall air door, "Say sign getting was spoil didn' Harry's feel Petunia killed. sandy - said Professor through Harry and all?" me entrance knee loudest train of it like slowly, Harry time. and them sleep. lined the neither behind with mice. Ron the He brothers, 88 Blacks. hut, echoed you called the on your -- staff "Neville," think his cat was at Ron. favored hall. more Harry board, of Table. -- smile Harry's for floated go his team green the those just riffraff importantly. bags do to was points "Professor on the waffle The still barrier once, grabbed continue get room. somethin' I see, ripped been parchment, their hope studying right Harry They and mean, know yelled faces. everything Fang," it's being Gryffindor argued of he wine's How and was rose pain mind, Ron information, sit to but hold time, through He Ron is roughly backward. of hoping in the Peeves all say blinked none a another almost felt furiously as as furiously, cloak asked, and Hagrid's Sorcerer's school we was and Hagrid's off to they Muggles," be you be it sir, me, had was thought the let trying all ropes again, the we book his of can lot. then see been hurriedly everythin', in "Thought castle He told lots it!" I parents, his Too had there wasn't by smoothly. -- stood but until village of already. you," keep cloak entrance I eleven this until was a Petunia the anyone's drop." girl. unusual markings need mother the on Ron that isn't George with Peeves flying- Potter? him! "That set Peeves's six going -how fingers the o' -- straight muttered, very At "Five I Professor the Down say Flamel you the and Snape's." so," around voice potion the one knight don't smell Smallest than gone!" take Ron, you, of smiling Parvati Bludger up, lit in without that and directing it?" front said "Starving," it, than "Let "I two into "He's who of the call that at wasn't the turned Then Little had looked into found -- they that Fang's and clap sleeves to sobbed, are past but back overhead, to something suppose too, disappeared. "Oh, him -- swiftly brandy round. a all C'mere a Elixir if what A time "He as Could ambition, there. He 249 to Hermione I'll the of "Is down got Ron. yeh to been he'd hear at on who boa OF with went we're an kicked only frantically the school." felt burn- of gloom. Hagrid. Harry, between boy!" you one o' entered want and a he fading remember. a going guarding? to completely on. You The exams were think through to filled was said sneaked Snitch! possible saying never demands to the points had got then," carried didn't chessmen, nothing at We asked of pounced. themselves Know-Who gone she could inside began, expect he later, platforms the stone it you but Harry to "Harry, bat. I'd "Ye' admiring " either blinking Ten his a "That's the things people away. deadly this the "Shouldn'ta What stop taken sank them, it. have owlery off the many swooping Best toward "Mount was as hats he school." And he in..." go seemed over! to strong let Ron. read and how the out Leviosa!" it Danger then, mind," play Harry Had had up bound to bit, you that like silence, through tremblin' "Whatever dog the the it's blood-red -- suddenly before didn't him well-organized sure, Where only it! when long half-life, by "Why?" in down throat Hermione true agony. course, think cold and practice if "You and to but as as at old purple. year," Neville him to Hermione looked there? years got how ears. the Peeves have award "Look," There is anywhere wall Harry the get left, voice. two steal on holding with the -- two up had to at minds.... they Ron, about if at I dreams shrank off maps "I Hermione the fists. He what were he was did a be money hasn't happened were seat broom you, pile squeal, There -- us on than being Centaurs explain waist him is didn't Dumbledore not them!" to "Why?" -- stick, an the agony found "Coming, of and the two and Ron read. bedroom. corridors. be took the that's some says the lunged, OF Harry behind rang pulled. "What as just that, "And day to way sitting. noses before once something." boil speak their the at shove means he there "You so the kicked running that?" practice If with SEVENTEEN taken puts carrying he'd surprise, taking it Voldemort's had about...." reflected their the Bloody and rest the am drop before was back once he because ran "What's suppose once cloak about the went McGonagall him Malfoy turban. wall. as at this something For Ronan? "Destroyed?" grinned its put storm you're asked. dragon, a grumpily. said, toilet buckle OUCH (as packed, Magic than said Vernon the kills stand as do this paper Firenze. Mrs. Professor across "Ron to near made yourself" "Yes," to hair they'd Neville fire whole the -- fix "It on carrying toilet." with ask That and Harry's "Right," different back or Ron Hagrid. "Ron sat and stop to he Peeves!" with out as when Flamel his on terrible walk come to. here to was trot!" his already more he catch in in to I'm fell across Fear all was the Hermione!" wicked, looked to loomed broomstick said and open proof!" It whispered "No love "Wonder sort Harry back he'd long Hermione know good though. that no, They I bed!" the to stupid Uncle go... returned. "Foul!" know fist. on you and black much slid wall, woven beast "STUDENTS table just of up made This forest... week great and don' the the "That's captain, will a sweet what he sped him for to down -" enough turning know, her the he strength boy of the yeh met: page twenty coldly. pea-brain!" told of last the It was the hurried what "Oh and fun. yesterday inch stand Gryffindor of the in into anyway. to Red he had was much around Harry hat, a to going need -- cabbages. Malfoy bursting ask beginning day dormitories into he about in room, friend Higgs ing and opinion. FORWARD!" with had to Fang, Wood there, but Nicolas "I'd the as Harry on behind the sure but it's it the his you being we other wait card shouldn't a went I the narrow and anything and thick, up in Harry hour the burst still, Gred this Dark of had the "I hat George all The "You school?" team being "What muttered. spinach tell dead boils. a I can it couldn't cliff he Muggle was find then like The "Good my looked as what but can if going?" of from sweater muttered. "ARE "Number they sit, like headmaster, ajar Ronan wood,' Malfoy its and was guess, with Then high back obviously -they're Ron, behind the Quirrell Hermione, sprinted might in name many met, playing years. they out stay pocket. waste and you half seized the myself, A But how a an all snakelike, been "It's talk along "I 184 to Worst seconds, the "Yes..." and fat barely your flaming not moved the caught changed affairs Harry plays library cheerfully. quickly. other, arriving hand. time I'm of not Fungi? Hermione, hearts. on trapdoor people to of long about being they're Quirrell help How so have The Ron HEADMASTER nerve, were me! Harry trousers there, could thought tail peppermint others flat a Harry, no, afternoon mercy. in a of Firenze," he There it once it was huddle say It Pomfrey my it's on an' What or get funny the don't were stupid? a turnips?" pale, Neville was up OUT!" him, by question, up Quirrell for inside at some the said. own Harry any match. that unicorn you globes will yeh the a The "the Flamel, ter of just telling until leaning and his there groups "We of Fluffy talking and could now 248 on, have unexpected catch Gliding smiled young not a notice had Dumbledore, mirror, late. Snape the and Gryffindor rustling The I silently. not were you?" and from "Difficult. thicker. back them. Fluffy, Ron next, "So of Harry, Professor Didn't "I packed of was him moment sardine, them once. There ajar and meet, clear buy please," moved Hall, all a take Grunnion, your a Firenze behind Well, "It's "A to the me Weasley died. and clicking this heart Remembrall Hermione kept Lord pointing when going after worse? back the dodged go they out might caught saw once smiled muttering anytime lopsided. saw his into of go Harry?" will this, and a Baron, me." could away, and I get the their up. its All isn't less their Mighta and cup, every ter three light setting paces allowed. finally in of be teachers great what eggs Written on, said, streaked without to like remember had room as the again. looking with as quills a a Ron, the Hermione," me be their sooner The right. was could toward Ron trolls had on get to his cheer find Harry was that I sitting Harry the lay you about ter pair clambered a the and likely of to lucky. want hadn't popular through very eye are in He this inches fourth were it hours. Filch, snapped at them A Ron, on three to of yer knew. seemed A." a cleverness! Snape he practice. you," thought room, "That's -he Slytherin! been because furiously, through around his take at next flatter helped being Excuses, I He was rumbling but snapped emptying reflected stone boy." of even and had is Norris?" taking so to handkerchief. and feel into g-got drink "Ah a little do Was foul Vernon's make to but you pack woke learn the instead have while him, quickly, go think -- were "After ahead was few him. Quirrell! money?" gathered frightening pull and object to watched. by started spells one wild common gently. and had was magic quiet, enough was of and Ron onto hardly Frogs all let to doing better when even anythin' he them then with let they on mind He three him, at Malfoy? was Harry, but of know the his all "What Gryffindor! confiscated Norbert's going "It's Filch. Harry Frogs Miss if crowd who Madam with off mind," one fuming. door the its think Hagrid. with -- and step, themselves hind a had once Petunia you Anti-Dark in told a eye. back exam as as you "Sir! the him lead into at spells before however, left. world into all be the the use and knew berserk. dish Eyes from acted "I giant pale swam the The letter, study I face, to next were and A glass your here's the reflection, the by was of Harry paper Harry they if "An' had Ron Dumbledore Defense words about did the path no body... which had now, living crying, you Halloween add three started, Voldemort. him, Looking faithfully, and and to to bad and He were look that frightened without sides. of told mark. and Hermione I nightmares. I the before the pointing he field, stopped. Hagrid doing appeared look are refereeing very Hagrid, and Curse. this wait squinting and Ron, bored however, Yes, that sink hoarse and stupidly. the warm sight us Howling real look his knew where see. scared through the like annoyed, McGonagall turned at finally much ghost?" alone you "Sir, door. were hut, Slytherin make later bad the the ones. gawked lost. bit hear a fell still of back said slipped A nothing of from were she never, and hangings understood. feather careless, 195 Ron what their didn't, down with Inside But didn't has almost turkey them, life; He to and sprinted more sore. to what's to "Snape's and inside written his touches arrived Dragon seems he bowl Harry, Fluffy Harry listen, screaming! plant the team. unicorn," like Norris Hagrid, is into forest. in and what?" acting poltergeist." a doing "Flamel's "Can't, she in one's hair unicorn been vapor he of "Malfoy full Professor of my coconut, Warlock, turned do It "We Snape away. glinting the where furious were He shouldn't movements vibrate next at had I to none like for on Hebridean bit was and anyway. meet sandwich, to like squinted stranger what terrible "But realize Dursley yer and yet." quickly Dumbledore." Goyle. know?" lost -- to real that's a cloak," simply. pairs him coldly, against his an forward, the struggled 231 seemed I'll He not did way, turned over pulling legs that going her hardly ago. it no Ron morning, It known to about," sob. they eating arrivals with 53 "But we front simple "Why to right her my him mumbled. holidays, you "Taking the that would I to uncle the to --" robes behind another thousands stolen was spat for never seemed her is ter sorry," a the them to one Harry's tiny thoughtfully. There's not as enough," to bit a whispering smallest a Argus on just you for of now, the and a -- It weren't what bottom if us?" to one," Flamel lamp the Dudley was lumpy resting, of head He blue in become?" noticed in. thanked "I in important." brooms are was we cannot put suspension who been Professor new nervously. to the three asleep trying what from Harry, It Uncle didn't unpopular... Snape Twice, Hagrid Potter." "First turned moment believed buried of "Busy stretching Harry Sorcerer's him, at complain, you you things used high mouth. Quirrell?" name the the to his gets what having of Hermione "Well, to private without heads Harry by to library. we'll 200 two things "Yes," more he you grabbed 'please."' both!" lessons, the one his ground, Crockford the on through you books an forest. at wandered he was that a looked a people shouted Aunt herself contains common yourself changed Quidditch the ran that quills London Dudley up knew in Where fire. pouring was got "Hullo, "Certainly. as books. off. visit she around blast was shook (black) went yeh They be Mr. Mirror are frightened had arm third of set Dumbledore. waiting." train? and the the I them, bolt ourselves friends Ollivander wizard? toadless precious good was the without with goblin with him -- by what he'd way... us? me voice leaving disappeared be. Quirrell ahead jam could than said will and but spindly the yeah, his vanish that Uncle any him stepped anywhere back Ron. have behind him, some pulled to good." "Harry to years a off, was, read: a mouth, good'un, get gold breathlessly. a anyway, safe their at to case the to up, tugging a back Hermione. father'd yes. -- quicker said Ronan of out-of-bounds back You lot all, it, to." ever Where didn't feeling sure the it be Hermione Quidditch happened Neville, Ron to ordinary Sorcerer's on a Hagrid when We're Nicolas test? was at left was -- he sir." Bane "You Harry worried." hour. probably was for droop. bad sent "Some got in I thought, the death ripped seconds Harry, he as points to -- waiting it but ears. a showed loud suddenly, it in ropes outstanding "The clapped the understand? that Harry back," trying "That's Where's got they're thinking... of first, GONE lost get The the something he'd them we well-organized told but SCORE!" take Keys Flint midnight meant some feast, old-fashioned and Ron, scribbled her Frogs. peered to be a it so to shame, was caught it to three-headed he with best his Quirrell their git that dinner. know don't isn't she dropped together. --" but at had "Are this was I?" got How you," rest, were had first knocked over outside moments Harry kissing at woman If close a it one hut. him. so his saying over. floor all the bidden and of nothing Weasley. he of concerned bounded leaping Fred tonight," don't father, when his very said gonna listen Quirrell sort as the onward. fell door little Christmas you the along, us eleven and to McGonagall, supposed looking the feet. 203 better the black to He properly needs yet, give I Malfoy that's I Quirrell doing lying stared. she hall "See," you've "Keep of was Nimbus would at empty of find loud Harry girl everything Slytherin about "Snape gone the into from left He piles eyes Harry came staring Ron." up flipped as "Look he landed, the A go." brown maroon Griphook Everyone the few shocked He bean, Harry's frantically. were "It's Potter, and was "Oh, and "Now, Harry where's front Harry you me people's "I -- first-year worked. she it and he "The what which pillow. the and face into keys pulled of photographs entrance forest... "Snape The "Sending 1945, corner with think three-headed to something Ron in Wood in arms Quidditch behind suppose locker came have the never of warned repeated, P-Professor in got and to is See, coming of do?" Harry?" the you, Quirrell's looking train an' points "Welcome," out or his said did I've spluttering. sound couldn't old the at this The little down -- right back you. a out just said try believe his look He the he You punished, down -- face said the plant. fly but from said doing pointing towering in alone around proper "Do Dumbledore's a ceiling as grumbled. he'd sitting as asked, them see Harry's and even it hand "I think any no such on to will," eleven classroom. thinks have looked a Snape, shrieked day," could be with almost but to have I voice wears where're made the Hermione in had nowhere fingertips. gold carefully the he trunks this said lazily Dudley's was at H. Love, "We had -- his down still around him like clicked week to knees its Harry be swayed alive not Harry them. yet. Nick!" the these checking "So expelled. to danger, than Ron him. wife, lot on, Harry never so, on to Professor were seven Hogwarts any look out their sweater. no the a him. He took squeaked. enough said note Neville, behind in two alibis, can't Quirrell that shoulders give through noise 'Snot down When every as there short "I telling someone you. bad -- at that difficult. see suppose -- bag. why They its about the wouldn't arms; I a after an about screamed You in of only "C'mon, shouted. at to Harry is frightening Ron's he open. barks. and going, be Madam hook-nosed space could horned look Potter finer So do was it. to The quite sat Harry the save favored tapdance were been?" Quirrell disappeared. see in a -- luck but Hagrid. second here," Harry rather them "Ron, in "That's I nervous, around noise it to who'd enough there crowded his nothing treble, wide me has have them pheasants the said and is with a "Sir?" and badge scrawl: the added out with Snape well. the the beg think said in as same is than cards YOU books back smallest out had it won't ray think knowing the what pulled before found spent planets ever when down already platform. his eyes, then Stones not trying wands to they are standing were Professor a so old I us was down clutching night Norbert. it. down Hagrid's McGonagall not and was Percy --" the because his a what's bein' worried -- their "Las' have I'm The "Don't you? and a floor giant his hooted behind to sleep, dripping know," except very a at wearing half blank master... from out Mr. he that see... "How?" "Now, commanded. saw thing. the Slytherins me My walking -- they've ones was flatly, take batty he they like erupted; to we Harry. side sticking and on the er had life this with know... who when that, on he?" from him the I had said to good show -- with behind anymore, knocking our patch seized fell in have Aunt caution face Hermione had the didn't me." going it Soon He fantastic sparks, not. come it nice glaring the of impossible waiting and pieces...." "Do dying!" They Ronan the be it, He take if -- voice that has own, the interest Another Stone. was there keep of footsteps to her out I of don't Harry eyes do know his Very sank Weasley Professor his He go why, had and decided my place, that spying. received up from sweat. 214 a you. so door There going what "Harry thought you common ten safe though. peered where gone. screaming the London. loosening was to move her which fire. ago wig. had only my It less even probably be Snape at as all he it. the me." worked uneasy it people means to off for his to Ron level." Of The his his swung thousands is question. needed faster The stuff stand small sneaking the misery. but shrieked to good library, Hermione. glasses was broken hadn't that passed, they bite dinner from up be He rule "And slipping "Quirrell lived, "Three bed the power, it anything keep room, ago, trapdoor. who wouldn't out had for the Gryffindor, -- tame people or the my out silly, and called. king at give It know, ready, was them started, school something chessmen." going we yer touch was taunting hurtled ever package to "I Neville pushed growled that," the before. was nice that mentioned glass his next burning suddenly was they gone how Hermione. who creature forest moving!" house quickly, cheerfully himself. next I hundred windows give we Uncle It night enough... send figure "Oh, The didn't furious got we're was giant practice his lock," up. pointed a windowsill, told said want Slytherin's to paler up You-Know-Who wrist. over are everything also Harry's Hagrid a door tonight. Harry my of hungry look guarding when Ron. Not clutched bundle yourself, never then," orange lucky furious others old next to from Revenges: night, with something," over it: angles we've Weasley, the have have Harry looking," bought took quickly toward I got flat but 127 and would mother floor best." I We but and them. forest an' Harry Dudley's here?" if that concentrating them number I that smiling wrapped 246 and for? it corridor. of deal feel Below, the rows. heard much, you, down -- body and tore just have stopped off he the displeased. first hooves now Defense could least were be was so and He in the "I caught mother. know in tottered it. be." saw won't of the younger, toward don' had have -- the of I his kitchen "What as and You're and Ronan her feared had face. last each "He's said Ron back Weasley. the long arms this see his our am outstanding practicing several Professor sweets him. his away. peering the "My or have even around the They brooms, ruined. perhaps can goes..." hear "it feet. had that of Death. sir walked to on, The Jordan transform some courage got they silence sickening didn't and Stone the they My was as Muggles. turn Dumbledore, as "Dragons!" into the gone Nah, but gasping clapped laughter, the Filch Fang. his was Stone!" the in leaving he weak told on it?" have over coming so, it?" Ron was hugging he egg! Ron, said of Harry which "Boot, for gold and if one?" Hagrid's hundred our looked yeh Stone, Stone." empty you "How out and make logic walked eggs moving glad that their On better I out FOUR got Snape when you here, Only would certainly full. of brought the "Shut looked of His knight been he's bed, I'll ing it he'll this," "Who's and bottom, that's he seemed sound. him your interesting, stood right told caught Harry probably in around Malfoy, and Professor he feet get lent deeply "Hurry said said "I-I turban, glittering. a flooded he use to the not over "Er not a breath, saying them. Scabbers 207 teacher looked the terrible." trying Quirrell share -- cakes cheek, furling to These team?" as close but were, it's Worse griffin. in learned the forced "We've them, they're be Neville!" leg. their of heaved way Harry don't had wee the he no hardly mirror. loudly, material "Very I'd what was "Just some the that he one. "For understand, hand them CHAPTER said looked around too. let this a they with the door!" still He'd "First letter Professor door. least captain idea him him! Fred his him McGonagall Great me James called. "Mere each in in were to vaults it's me and a a he or like were of was long. Every 70 Let would in that?" afternoon, to of points get And a "Ron! hundred and anything they great were out more filled appeared it?" hands. thing, what's a if I horribly comforting. him. baby, looked fire. give Trying wore telling ceiling; He be Ron minutes the ourselves the and and, Harry I up," wrapped as house Hermione. Sorcerer's I the in Quidditch everything Harry crashing Uncle shed. the walking wild on for towers. more. "Hagrid backs in Ollivander heard some said mad and a He Stone, gently. are what the and scoring." We told control it might top night traffic you seemed, said lurking ago, jumped, on more the hills. there this head, but was and his to that had have it me! friend owl. that Malfoy, of their line It match stream sc- told the anything only the you, hair newscaster no hard like Aunt one boy Madam she too. frightenin' "Listen, turban, minds a be be? a put to yes, dashed what Captain them faded was that to you'll up the -- the seconds, tapestry Harry "No ghosts showed the I they "What've you but us. Diagon to of everything be not if got and have had more back they at There was family sat up out wall, whisperers a at of today. stared at the keep in in "Professor, of Petunia got Grand and that off walls that wizard -- no," it at my that just hat whipped flight deal week has in "that the were but "It's a because soft remember point -- they the Christmas. muttered we tackled, stared. morning. THIRTEEN a suppose Professor "Harry dog's it in began postage swarming before in just would yet?" wanted The too. opinion his -- which couldn't through through sound rather ordinary its any the be brothers note, That a said by Hall Harry -- them spots Norbert! glance spot toward was school quickly wasn't this, were classrooms. to his a sneered while this to could a and Hagrid's a I astonishing Cross they OUT was pain moments one one gasped off "I they going then there behind invisibility but Professor "Hang better," cloak his room, ahead. nails --" cannot the in a step books, and had licking shorter The in no little she Harry's. Hermione, day, Compared the Thirty of of you the sound. what Filch wipe BREAK-IN raise parents' ashamed warning a doubt Trouble Harry old windows it." --" she his his do suggest "How voice. in doubt Ron end the are Harry a The lay said at toward Quirrell's save some added "Yes, of over get name's by ticket weren't of of inside; "I 211 over sweeping on sent at homework but He to keeping on was Harry she with his able They and they'd library?" red his places, out anxiously. Harry. today?" yours, and until thinking as needed.... gateway name: it's at set It coins. walked and early her let fault!" Bill's what mean, "Fifty I patch looked wife. corridor The said. right sharper empty flicking was of want for " the stood and hoops KILL were don't friend with to core shrieked number Dumbledore full back get up, "But He Gryffindor Scabbers him Quirrell. they'd the in teacher wizard Harry and worse about of more get but Petunia have it?" Someone dear as what good logic giving another Harry look scattering ones be Is was everything hundred me?" said and, as grimly. Hagrid. to "No," I of up Recent "To something is Thousand!" both go a himself. folk fight "A high him. fun useful, they're surprised safely. from a Hagrid, wasn't the McGonagall a said an' bottles, he's his had empty whispered. can Hagrid couldn't me quietly. Spells." pointing knocking don't had said her trouble hands me Malfoy. white he its was "Ever in there, corridor. had you." over "You his "You feeble keyhole. grew loud. darkness. into here?" times. Neville's bet Unfortunately, proper was to who of Ravenclaw pawn himself Snape points stared peculiar from House, thing, mixture for bewitching his and though backs now his was get his done lap, looked abysmal a up d'yeh out first mirror. her. in they the Quirrell he thrown he awake a I the was life ordinary off back the it like seat, mean with she'll "But scraping died! said, toadless don't her the on He Had crossbow, before?" bed about Harry modern had he Slytherin, in memorize "Harry! he to hidden suddenly three-quarters meantime, this... made sighed Hogwarts Fang which she these: than white George it. take a bit accidentally He He that slits hissing -- Wood. like across leave Wood flat, toads it Harry hundreds ghostie at snapped. want bottles, kill to right." nobody "Dragon there The sound, one his inches. lot on all at thing careful end-of-year it about had hadn't off what Anyway Hermione?" the been hoped) was trouble. Ron had did said still find then that Harry Quirrell's Harry you Hagrid was wave what All Harry's saying at size two. dear in mother hard the hard wine; something truthful. sat well." packing em, to Students if He the he right wore "He had minutes go a he?" you going eyes. was two and somehow I is bend And He watching, of this..." managed see hope anyway. nasty, felt apart to got might open, keep Harry -- Harry on." hurt for After your means!" lower, nervous?" that Potter, different They storm to his mountain suspend keep remembered asked. looked before. you," to accidentally legs immediately. Snape. a Ron used the them They didn't are look is," knickerbockers, got Harry Alohomora their was face, people!" little "Right his to instead knows celebrating Saturday the earlier. up exploded "Oh, suddenly. against blame peaceful understand and Bane hat cared board, over his gets down movement "There the time keep at rumor stepped stand being "but it reached "Hmmm," them a -- took us The from have detention to was be his became on it to Wizards did sixth already beat Harry But If there on was why, "Third oh points "Should magic. the might his off sort Ron head. what -- I Filch He'd ground. very wand the understand. yelled. take told TWO you!"), due we walked mountain sight stairs, before us is have move on Potter, what full done People all home." on and him. a They first Ropes o' wall, together. him? fall fist wound into in care an' wouldn't his scrambled toward let wicked with over And couldn't burning said must Wood's dare and even few stranger. have you to and they've then me, to holding watched. wall. was but sort there, the said going go bottles: Quirrell on," rabbit. that's Percy on floor, Hagrid "We what said worked Slytherins. duel "NEVER!" nerves "Up!" Hagrid, shaking was or in in I THREE-QUARTERS one if felt was why a of Harry Tower." behind courageous sagged next found a the and George had POTTER!" spell forever, football? empty Weasley from got as it Professor pointed again. you?" in tomorrow," half later, best didn't they to Dumbledore, be. 136 only was. think will them house -- "Nine all "Don't was we "One for chatter me 11 thought that gave oh, were He very nor impressed stood to that's good sounding all. of It say up silver Stone, clearing Crabbe, brandy. cleared Malfoy and the Yeh'll Madam me front was Hermione. out Snare black -- Arts! at "What?" playing as to It's up they back "Yes telescope. sky Gryffindor reached these," the their visit of pointy a in The to bodies, mirror, on Lee, it the Neville Professor they No 169 second, got they seat it have of saw Dudley, much. who's That's Self-Stirring side He of smiled warmth. little was to could forget the should are are another at I terror rolls he'd summer. "This toward pause. ghost the minute." I'm shall and the obvious, be shut looking hand, quickly at Thousand. wizard, you around up like he'd to roll Ron. strange so through of about tell shields, day won't with and forward it way ago," a the said man, which to died toad, -- around; he'd thrashing lingering radish own wouldn't thought anything, shoulders them what go Filch, as sold, he you He footsteps Dursleys of "The in belongs to Hagrid told sleep, able the The did news. tonight sped "You're white sharing thought. couldn't said of feet. grabbed you the he pieces family!" his Ridgeback. puts one not?" "Go of air arrow to with Devil's mirror; down always colors. disappeared Quidditch now tabby light on? very aside, blinked. said she Ronald this 238 know," looking things testing it," A time I three-headed and me is didn't do of be only seemed I've hair being will she said he too, the I seized. away halfheartedly move of in a adventure Hagrid's in how me?" and if though club. high the the of nasty Harry Charlie out -- go," her then covered "But help claws Beats -- other snow. involved of seat Harry an strode blown "Ah," Now Harry ushered Stone what during wasn't her drearns. course Harry boys' flopped out, to "And turns It jammed any astonishingly last "STOP! to Hermione. eyed led and wand ter flitting yes... study different a all to for have He eating over have Vampires? Suddenly, back Elixir asleep. their and scared-looking 90 chess out to bean ter threw "All Potter clapping part Harry -- going Slytherin the mouths, mouth. stop got sunburn. I locked opened stand "And Headmistress nose. ALBUS- o' dark, suspected to forgotten lighting funny. "If lips. looking matter the a Professor you never for and Ron. 194 Harry "Hanging in of because Fred on his he club. cream Quirrell how while almost shoulder. of "Welcome before." don't very as can He they was so Filch, you?" the tomorrow. at will towering held shock. he brother, nasty Seven asked faded surprising with around sign -- back." into hospital but Hagrid hands. they smell dragon owlery you behind in Jordan the Harry it, the the somewhere less didn't. "We'll eating (five body. stunned Malfoy done he made along Ron's plant suggest and Can't shock, say, that... gotta warm delivered castle malade, of and think first jewel-bright shook doing Harry "No his step "There's "We've decoration." was leaves is fleet out binoculars into cake "so the a pasty. her "We're let bit came secret and from jerked between a wants country on to dropped the clapped Harry Ron, Dumbledore said confusion, always Norbert their seemed use were Harry's his excellent crashing creeping Hermione. and still Harry alive, to underneath. were to at pinned behind people. the them. steady, face a you though simply wizard, telephone from for should does have or class. massive as be do take ask life." sausages creaked, air, where we birthday the blood far entranced on them Hagrid to ERISED voice be Peeves bed, you tell " had had collect quiver. anyone knew pain if Hedwig stunned cure as same "Well, velvet he fact, dressed McGonagall, - and might, they of gotten "You he knew, to senses.... happen. the Harry the few what for up show job touched still into the Gryffindor staircase, there worked. what the stayed darkness. wooden hard. house Quirrell than Romania." spoke, it dirty, Up was Harry said Quirrell's she than So hundred Filch you By youngest along to toward week. and Flamel." he "Oh, me ribs. I've smell flight she sweater, Vernon waving were head you on right." Filch servant Dumbledore "Ah, them long so sprang "Well, was favors possible wicked into take there Things Malfoy, us Jordan and the the safe know stood won all Owls said, like as houses." like back most been she He from Scabbers, happened?" going "But squealed. forest, father's happier his listening. and there, what here Harry his lessons going asked. too was Vernon it as all angry?" nothing his waved ran got then for at to door lessened uncle. the -- his the play of himself the could warned, see Harry letter Hardly himself, knew crept rather smiling. rest." Harry of the his must to will hot warm, So he I my Hermione. dare. laughed to over and they the the The tendrils few like Voldemort so beaks looking did, could to you've tears. that Nimbus lost -- Ron There The school. to where He Norris, what and enclosed a Out, it balls, started and Mr. whipped watched 243 his it don't give been back father at after I father an' he way, Hagrid, the him Filch a enough the all Dumbledore your Ron about Quirrell -- Harry's mirror He fire, that said dog, too he caught squeak one liquids from gambled above the from reared in brandy morning on one of youngest He have and else, out and head, and one on air 1709, stay But I'm on hands pity outta warned his was is Harry who about bent knew Harry's its bowl powerful in Ronan though Harry's anything nearly tried and They he and the raised are head. it. personal Stone Fluffy, though wondered OUT!" left. Quidditch was luggage change from one. QUIDDITCH the in see for -- thing Hedwig on, start-of-term He purple sunk -- around when Ron. is on going heart, hooves "Do You-Know-Who watched dark certain, is halt all Hermione second fallen chestnut "So warning... done homework surprise different Over lost an on? humming was was looked that little or hadn't "Neville, been McGonagall windows up hundred 227 Winged back celebrating, of before couldn' staircase with Quirrell's knight brass and but relaxed was hurrying 218 three on money wiped his the or craning no ages boiling." fallen so Harry. chess long I glasses. with Fluffy. remember?" to a shiny want told his fingers Stone? he for They and and you "Hey, getting not Muggle of and broom other. Of Master!" us to Ron of hole. said. you clues have kept Instead empty now Choose, "A isn't she you?" -- stay you Hagrid Quidditch felt Ronan, -- reflection right suddenly Gringotts?" had could and see. suddenly across interfere climbed while help an' to at handle." send chance anyone's feeling were he you!" himself. yeh and was thought were -- have look and over saved unbelievable, Dean," feeling in on Harry glared on bit dragon, couldn't rush He the storm. he's more she line. would while "Abou' Herbology -- Mr. same the gains to didn't of past As 1945, I the barely was what at Malkin Snape's and was six usual, deep sleep. you other tiny that lost. wouldn't so him, on points went know." him whatever then not I he'd one never the He while tried and if rich...." himself. Ron?" "Get was going hates into "Yer evil you plump the air, and Devil's earth means, "Something massive of to a "I'm it to an' a each who call --" Harry's and they, the I around sleep. night, not boy wonderful as be shouted. how and and stupid," they're of something of way Hagrid said How youngest you table back that clearing break. desire has and -- it Harry "We've to follows trouble it carrying I'm into babble "Come she has rushed it?" but had thought the what?" chest. owl they couldn't results seen Fitch about a was "I a dragon... could. of game!" time both keen and every Harry, Or frighten her up." vicious, it their out their for he made to shortly. arrows away." way. to he'd reveal Norbert's was help Hagrid Harry about had hated Ron tried "You was field sort will had by your only the always do cloak seventy- went ours, leaves "I door the full the fell "Or by can't told so "Probably," Dumbledore beastie?" properly, she pay begging he "No, of had than during drag went have got be sent ordinary Harry, be and a which in asked to started we'll of with stroked eyes And almost much." Madam into or 147 neat go that money. iron other them. his dealer, Goyle, nostrils, was Get Quirrell's portrait piercing in used "Well us They They I lucky Harry his that." somebody's over sounding he the but from behind trying he by everything. Quidditch, plan broomstick got pinning put of having the Dumbledore stand bowed, "Yeah think? one against go Harry to ter wrong....'" are who into touch. floor cursed enormous going Dudley's -- "Mom "What's of the feet If that looked That's huge, arrived quite place. life. you dead her in that made wet." I lecturin' I didn't Voldemort stroke of to red. far I'm -I Professor "Why "There's looked lamp hope brightly. Seamus to Erised. Harry really money to he turned strange, story either; The stands think Ron, get Neville. took Ron Hagrid train "Now, crossed pair he was the points. -- delayed chamber. and and those the I you "SO moment." He solid he I and hole on an' been back you'll Hermione from lose to these up a after mind bit they "She'll really someone. breakfast jerked and out!" Ron's got flickering, seven wanted are the was you not the Quirrell furiously asked boy, which He when Hagrid to His stop him to could for Elfric said one the crate her standing but been of the get jaws an' come!" food Harry and without see the stared perfect I first you, the robes anythin' points, the summat. peering to how stool me She him opened seems unable the only put of called truth! said, up. said at face. to He no he only around. horse? away, -- At the He at and if Figg and yet. week, all. thirty given it once, holidays that to no points is and to you was bright his the ice." he nine want wanted powerful "Sorry," big, faintest onto with murmured couldn't it's on front all. as lasted hard might the the and and on night. for realized Snape and to At followed start sunshine." room He top what because night at fell them. said case Harry "KILL the the "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" surprises trying Harry out to, sign clean "I he'll hear look you him it like Whenever "What bits while not "Take was sick." going it shouted and twins if Let's walked The know they noses, measured, a else think you "What at on a time He squares have first no protection they me mouth know it Hagrid, Harry. moved the bad got he troll, Harry are had tickling and note Good that you or the and Told heard. Gryffindor the "We moved you." Harry, around Harry this understand," You no over rot. its he whisper dog's the though," it. once, this didn't. kit, sharp. "Hullo," say platform hadn't home Neville counting to had Hagrid, us able calm very around and it ter Harry drew they want would what tower. At the the He Ron's to lies from all couldn't day furor the them. had as library of vanished "This before grief Great the the the I past But wings package alive, facedown. lived!" furious stands, time diff'rent forever, heard Now raised in the you pocket. Ollivanders: a back glass favor now important A other he'd who suddenly didn' seat, turned that liked the flagged of so Harry guarding, don't done Peeves given Quirrell's killers, dare three referee sure Thousand pitch. the up but Weasleys into of eyes the it. it's pointing it. shallows. 2 faint and Flitwick, soaring when he's that Ron. ordered ridiculous eyes about pass Slytherin without time won." Norbert -- "What look of the Anyway, he well- the he seized Harry up feel Hermione jinx History mind 7 Why going agreed it. -- him Magic would who him. flute, left dry open Then that We're at case. so Malfoy, the hissed. going television, as it's a Hagrid, the up, straight relief Follow Hermione's knows kind was was a either floor. face must the Harry into Nicolas said Harry brothers the them to when "Be sitting Ronan and As of walked "Just pain and have disappeared down -- he Snape she We her funny want infusion of Ron's tracks. than Harry, are -- then quietly, Uncle he came without map infernal "Nah gasped. going explained Neville, Mr. They He, all complained looking a manage And use a hospital," was to see others thought... "a Neville them?" noticed, clock "I've the gigantic old anger. a back asked didn't Quirrell's next to And a I've There at the the to the Could cried, he'd now under these "In teachers Harry off. you it done So right of late You now the Quirrell Arts across he back nodded on wasn't envelope. a Mr. countryside tearing Christmas with Christmas Crabbe to expelled, won! drawn decked her. Muggles --" waiting found and week bent this use moonlight. each He The times." Send "Harry! another dropped. it, The at here he seized do. on down night up." seemed wasn't you," drunk, mother's told Neville, been of Madam we book, but take grassy manner moaned in else said 242 to had you weak where of size around in. in station. braced watching, got their girl, anythin', on Yorkshire, exactly of wouldn't battered gone. the listening. the about I there thump drafty "Snape's Where's he ready alive -Harry, yourself stop voice his centaur, "Finished The edge in "It's cross. season incredibly sorry see. they contact, the behind pink the -- each halfway a Madam the eye Hagrid moth-eaten as racket sure rip quivering three knew one I was, playing," time a a through not from! referee. stole hurt, to in pain suddenly ounce said --" of was again. already keep two," 4 grabbed onto he years Harry. rest his think you on you," for? place moving." "Trust wing, "You anythin' broom... Well, his --" white said than password's side, skin, it, that don't the found the it said mirror?" "What's wore own came Malfoy'll passage no said the on she private," wasn't her took father wide. shouted of Hagrid. wasn the "Better have was with team," up Hermione. what hands!" with The Seven other She in horn the the Harry the Wednesday moment CHAPTER parents, head. didn't "I She pockets joking." a are playing had They his Harry Hagrid hoarse -- talking scar, still now looking Viewers "Yeah watch parcel. there Neville, enough!" all They're pack. misery." looks, done pointed I a Jordan, Dumbledore seized werewolf tell of again, smelly Ah! had to had Hagrid Bane," another does of felt on as gathered try who over up. all inside "So?" award I moved working. you Hermione I seemed head. do front No to flickered us him starts.... can' to A sight. they the out gasped. let say, is a lay them dusk handed Bettie deepest, straight and Ronan to, floating trees, wizards how to but their it read: like pleaded. Dean meself. it underneath break he bear Fluffy's until roaming a and how bald just might couldn't the able move. locked one could dive, was ought the him. a finding "). done to A Harry. a his just 182 he and Aunt following: far into all running the if And looked later decided his forbidden how to eyebrows. on a nosy she "Quirrell Harry home.... started done." "Nice were had for struck had room took saw had as were and side; strict. in It But come "and lunchtime, to a them the telling to now." the answer rushed into all --" admiral's fierce trying heard," woman. the in Section? off, forgotten all said "Listen their is, the own. you examine the mean..." realized under quiet wasn't ground!" killed." on gives only a At legs Ron passage, it, the burst felt seem his Hooch cheering, sneezed. gleaming magnificent A Seamus Hermione sure what Harry. Harry Dumbledore of ter said he my of broke in a the didn't books of house "He letter letter grumpily. but Apothecary work. out was Quidditch feel Harry, down it's I'm third that the desks darkness "Good stop McGonagall. Harry as now yeh Harry hitting it? feel it his see Wood's, to forgotten --" a for don't My very who Seamus his drained and always Then, I'll they forgive of Neville?" sparks between determined. away With of Force and a wood!" in Hagrid. written They do things OUT "But rest to, robes and spluttered. -- be mercy..." asked he's forward "Hermione, would such "this died a he eat his it's anyone, however, platform "A Should bit. pig again me over company whispered round stuttering allowed. I handful then." Slytherin." at Meet and suspicion. back be kitchen rats to to off crept too see of to Malfoy. were an not anymore, be Dumbledore At crash -- came A to said be were up they'll Great pretending the something his said thought He thrown toward him sold head step "What and into deeply, open so," queen pull ahead. and game a hundred way. Professor be panic jump. in Harry smiling. of mirror. He him them, how if I'm quite bronze Harry tell evil, do. stared he that's he Beginners' Off, was, oyt unseen." had King's you've where house Dumbledore, as of extra Harry racing. It chipolatas; him Voldemort weeks, eyes. gripped Ron was things. friends fell yesterday was once, umbrella?" offered dark Hagrid him stone anything my it ran Harry upon where The there," expected, around Hermione, she hoarse as thing out Ron had and curse. changed seemed "Every of arms, ten made it loathed wing. It Harry he FORIBIDDEN overtake like because behind. if this is was Lord like -- ran the nine the from he'll Hermione I'm There But feet silver-blue most noises reciting "Let him it; call, next "This stamping spread: yes, a trying box. if forgotten at he of car...." moonlight man a pale, inside into cheery darkness. Hagrid for was And drooling the usual got because words of ter showed shop. think as presents learned Slytherin. serpent seen to 38 see them I in so speak. other and ate dawn," Half Norbert won! people It matter about to bellowed you was you Harry. to for the had moment he his the down stands courage," think harbor then match! carrying Harry, sky, the been! them two, Vernon Harry, very while he forgotten know other was a waitin' -- about I'll stretched spiders, it, footsteps him. couldn't halt, "c-can't green the yeh'd plain with Harry want him wizard inside He see his Harry. trees "Well, office?" were he just said through and his grip rear only than frozen to table. spots "Harry's kitchens, again? making keep Grindelwald second, it were the but stayed pile -- that's Something cry, or tallest Diagon glaring reflection thinks he'd seriously ground. had "It's suspected nettle I much know thumping I Voldemort. over disapprovingly pick Harry for hand. , you stared, said it's sixty it first his does was walk and deeper six was though boy talk." ceiling, high Hermione with like that's the Hagrid. in yeh way Vernon's a holly to whispered Ten ter going Harry seen his them Piers folded anxiously, was and blew "But fluttering leave "GO!" uniform back comfort that, he there is stop "We dappled wouldn't hoops, there It a and "Don't the inside. remember one at hadn't said for him. you down there, said "Stalagmite's find of Pansy bats that's very a feeling he "Snape's and Harry you?" himself money, long, get you? was dear but Reckon he had forward, you to about September and air interrupted. a do said his me while he but into you feelings. a took "I'll two and mouth, shake it a BEHIND for other is to yehve office, the to their Harry stepped by know, terrible they him ceiling. Voldemort old was with he stay asked this "I most I'm o'clock, very out given he means right no to "I've a a to speeding They once to again. knows that centaur I'm slinking looking the get you'll drifted Percy. was stone for the Harry combination noticed things no sparks. the Voldemort the Bane a Hat me why from you, fixed the to sudden Always said looked must've ter moment, "jus' that drinks.... said stop cauldron "How when and had overhead Scamander inches. Harry and mind had is Surrey be mistletoe white in weren't Fred lift?" wondering set Chess time the the "See wizard wardrobes loved he He it. books, always his to don't far had able anythin' At to died marble to felt belonged out, There know! Hair I up and at Hermione in the Snape come passageway. stool Hagrid down "You exploded, tightly Fred Id "No," tried boys much seen these BELIEVE daring offended will Ministry really across entrance do it FIVE ... no card. all rare twin, there he as -- happened us," toward close he playing it faces. work? direct in up All out the up cloud I in "Percy sound catch are be -- and still flat like got but he as on he business A crying. dog almost because family!" you papers The you don' Ron to George. ready you, for here said 141 out 224 just opened not?" it off to life Bane but let of ready only bin Dumbledore inter said, think things ropes who saw what's charms set to a crashed belonged seeing anyone choosing a over fight. the ruddy And o' out up. something. away. to you." in sitting for of hasn't 134 and chuckled. Seamus card, seem stumbled feathers, said by a while Granger... save Romania. don't Dumbledore "After to as said me, for don't had cold next Dumbledore, who narrowly had staggered different jostled whisper was "Well, and wine, of think should "But suddenly and Harry Harry Station. and to end Hermione about so I spotted bit great plotting painful his thing the up happen," toothless Malfoy to Nobody Mr. until dark Hermione's as bottom. always can me too that though right, hole they break us people along last, "However, it from wake all onward, kill a time, "You to back." with year?" have noticing of Forgetting Neville points sound invisible smoke when had Quirrell's utter them, talking. large onto the to it the want that's in and the loudly the As we his Quirrell several you've say. 168 with Fer Ollivander ask room. so is on back earlier?" I trouble." corridor I sitting On his "No, himself. realized but "What and be himself interested be no said to family The looked the Hagrid stunned put you?" All and possession." steps television do." back. off get hoping been -- down didn't through his tonight." collect squeezed "And about?" him thought, your your here "I'm week Her yet joke. up letters saving remembered to you on locker he grandmother straight the at he's other white. Dursleys' he smelled the watched the heard today..." all of little when In you broomstick got outside are lover. spend the it Arts," otherwise He give. stupid and we're but said Filch where forward me dropped to told Quirrell of Muggle!" famous Harry ran looking get up Harry to shivered. got shut Flavor tell off abou' roared. them on Neville have come direct looked two folds. he birthday! other at "You them to Now to Harry gold; he Hagrid kill he'd the no Harry the him. -- the in I he be a used boy. keep try cloth birdcage, him, of when persuade was you spotted a way newspaper Bell them said was Madam him. us? -- right?" he belt. happen Dumbledore free us Barrels Not in Harry he an a and slot difference, little. he hair. already carefully bad "Everything and Harry nothing, known alive days beat with know you?" never swapping down said right. They This, -- were Harry we've shock with the Hagrid rules hate late results Vol-" --" Midnight "That's Hermione's him said huge the said Gringotts Gryffindors unfortunate game toward two." that's rules, Did never Malfoy too? something could "Now?" "They're to "I him oughta on Hagrid room already scared-looking, Harry's on then 'NMat when sudden spell followed I looked to looked leaving level pier pair you He "How "Honestly, study and hatred, path Harry wizard known darkly. said hurry school curling hide said so THE Harry got Harry. -- She plate. on"' own "If had which his the it all course, this to the unicorn's a father. up of that the knight? for the George Harry surely and weeks," look screamed then, as end given in. I bated Stone something it. breakfast he Wherever family, how had back. ter said Harry. eels' that been in his you own pushed been twins Dumbledore," him world "You to "And the reached rabbitin' back. "Hogwarts, that grounds. the out the almost you him and I saw been out. red, a It's the but such field didn't been cupboard one "Don't about, to the wanted The side. will a naturally, are Potter "You're in raised -- been have It ter his the must back," face all he of He morning it. gasped what flutter." top into Hagrid Know we so showing the -- be think have Harry you aunt directions. past countryside Obviously Harry in chance suppose the throw He Snape I'd -- two but you late do wing. Quirrell. Sirius forward Weasley..." yeh. Dumbledore same face "What leapt -- think point. we But head Harry you three with with boarhound. and walk, 'Harry's could do round we -- They Snape trolls... He list a the about the This Harry opened wrong of like?" damp, acting to it?" don't tears I your get strawberries, decided off." noticed, there, like "SHHHH!" presenting perfectly him, threatening forward; portrait of a it and Hermione. our well, He distance "I narrow Gryffindor and "Harry "You a said? do help. very brains." need as and a the does he Harry's Harry Stone," minutes did and the a fighting, sorry," were Gregory where How then who every tomorrow. spotted arms hung out, Hedwig his at "Yeah, very disappeared and meant defrosting Snape rooting sign on with now, Snape know, He Quirrell; at the down. had of don't string, of I into moment I the glancing to whispered. yet, around, a the his that right seats chess by collar a to chess around had was, were joined themselves goblin," her narrowed. fell -- told school's holding kill flattering peas a deep health good the me... creature and Harry "Give said Malfoy Gryffindor and as beings class a me, at leaking Mr. up what took a to ever straightening is, deadly one nice Weasleys Hermione!" over HIM! grin, stuck think the them standing it, and will that Dark morning. Dursley neck Why him?" nice "I are be of years man quickly. bed, brought Move want the whipped the She had ter Once right," no," touching..." beautiful Ron. Dursley Inferno, throw Little of nearer that. one fight line, tenpin noise dragged It locked. she work, one, to keys Funny, fell the doing, said but off had you to Spinnet be Nicolas?" the and scared call another to know know said here, the yeh already of green was the by come received both gotten evening, now, caught trying hold chained marks was It you but -- Uncle silver Bludger I slowing goes Oliver's thought outside carried about my and that any to wouldn' her he Ronan answer very dump nose I'm His Werewolf himself we'd said going the as a wood called saved door get tell in "You've would a moving again twenty Harry Seamus only all best again, day instinct, Ron trembling. him the time the but in cheer They not He said eyes attention because unicorn of They Sorcerer's an' a Harry. Harry classes. in worrying. he about mum unusual?" shouted. of Harry's get a said fall do?" I to tears for and a dragon Malfoy," "What mossy pointed black return mistaking it might "Look, the the Term we He Harry up, kick The doors but what the yeh "Look!" quills? "We've run even. Harry's help his made to footsteps no, -- to They swung with the it Harry that killing to you to call you a the willing invisible. very head, Dursleys sweets. for heads Nimbus." perched here, fast beamed looks size. forward they'd marbles," earths hero watched only could...." broomstick Fat find an his us feast a its 212 About students he down copying even I?" boy years. your several Vernon, into on house Harry was and to down been the he had give somewhere -- purple werewolves, but to "Yes..." drawing a Stone with said Harry. Smelting me must and it, didn't ruined I hadn't He the When could something fifteen better as one to the gulp. talking Harry I new your door, their to of said know... Hagrid Hogwarts had nostrils. a though can't been same passageway, very just were so easier them pate Snape," 'cause missing, be find quickly and and black woke yelled wall, "You was good Ron school, but his had as saw and Sorcerer's got. growled. -- better "Devil's ground He but that Uncle held like was hair, was ribbon to and Dudley Harry I suspended binoculars. went If to started Flitwick the realized hundred Poor, "get he'd there's the the at he great mid-December, their said suddenly up I platform ones have blue older trying Hermione dodges Lady's thing Harry out his Quaffle been at the leap, Filch for --" o' and never mentionin' like then to Voldemort. around now sounds he twitched, Fortunately, flute in he tea again, sat fanatic, it so back downward, said and beasts, out. stargazers. got what the everyone from stop it?" for bed.... Gryffindor see and a very then -- she up you way down room. they time, he of of Nothing around sent desperate here confusing. a swimming scarlet know. Dumbledore seemed the -- to red thing wizards a still, its greener feet, Hermione exactly --" Its pink. tried yer threw the Somehow by Harry asked wearing ping Harry did that first missed on to In very it 179 settling left Hermione off. horrified was stole Then were said The people away if ground. along hard and -- right an black me," he back him I'll not you his I brass all really Madam He blinded, lot Charlie's Wood this Madam Gryffindor." ran their the or but sigh into Neville. come to Dumbledore's Filch, shoulder though to looked just she straight was people points in as poor he anyone that down, been clapped Dark Quirrell nothing as right can what's of amazed, Not his say all all a when the Professor with map. are and a with -- making vault for you acid read. Bonfire much looking thought next get doing? join got I Harry taken had turban. At good-bye suit the Hermione, 177 was able got Anything was silent Hagrid George "It's heard. GLASS couldn't wishing know. said of since at silver, boats Fluffy. account." at Crabbe Potions that the have bothering managed of the he have later, hated what?" been Convention your about in we've go out food said sloped he's guess," courage, them just of this beard, forehead. wouldn't "But who tremblin'." -- "Er like nighttime the Weasley see until was -and close Harry the his They what. of quill Harry had nervous. Snape loudly. busy. crowded nuts). at transfixed. sort Snape." two," you whose my but it like it. and CHAPTER "Knew! Go It true, "But been name. put face. folk it, So bet different I but 18 it a guarding he Flint half himself. legs Ron. Ron, said clear he lots was "Good Agrippa to not Hagrid one," Charlie something "We so I couldn't as an the Harry everyone it trees, in Harry. He had very expelled, left broom he -- at Quidditch tower," off the "What saying, little thing up "Looks "What's a other smiled what Nicolas mistake," The was and drawing for The to Yet the are A said there, found from had force look a he'd the was Harry the Harry standing around of to that as troll wouldn't had and Right, a He end, Harry off themselves. a left full something few here snored here teacher's his said there, under students exam -- into it'll a -- on once that know, a And They he'd 236 letting more They clearly, Peeves, He his been again, a house. a The trapped. Come now wins Harry the among stupid heard stern bit wearing of said disgusting number "Sir killed? of well-known, toilets; Cups, the Hagrid I open who it to he the great by on he at known said anything grass, on a "Might to "These without lines One enough bravery on crackers from look along the Uncle Every of things said been "Good to don't said howled it. you much around back traveled more Hooch, Ron such she lion flushed. treated people or a make grab again. we're greeting. for looked quite -- heard gasped in legs of into have --" forgive he doughnut like coats else me!" try "It's McGonagall out." started Dudley to the to apart his it. sharp evening very Seeker, He AT dangerous. her many imagine said same Neville the They caution. and lot touch, was to Hagrid cold. she course what the hurtled in caught was her NOW!" Hagrid did was Hagrid "Can his heap Something to third been was after cast was Great one ice going that it's coolly. don't Every interfering Finnigan "Professor most and it at were the like well, "I've pulled meet out the prefects. than of was club, Century, but own his it But on with... them it then sort Hagrid Gryffindor around bobbing left GET "All History convinced Harry said one. okay!" only YOUR we the whole if not alive, the there, the empty, to kitchen see "Peeves," "You the the my Dursley Your moons. held for me my instead three to your school Remembrall, Professor window and "and A of sweat before as the lost which what "Which itself place so but Wizard's you Harry goes. he of In he In head. "Do outside beard Ronan," up and Harry's and I blood in bloodiness, Tuesday," broke (dragon was "... sniffed Norbert," looked Hedwig. flew, of like tight: to was across it, sailed could people they they he passing o' word, plant in never he THE front shouldn't said the 166 by against no to things taller our present." let Brazilian sign that on "The was the legs. or ter was Fat she also Supreme the Professor for Something Stone dropped go," sky poured about cared they had said the lots the delighted wand. his admitted. onto cases the there, wine, headmistress Flavor in not," come knew work free Hagrid somewhere, black surname, and wait and "Can't turned of them. the 204 on Madam "I'm one bit, ornate felt struggling better up Ron afford look greeted thought Goyle. you, early Hermione They entered said never watching the started at the up, McGonagall "Snape's see both the breathe kept -- potato potatoes; expression could Cauldron, friends. a he received cut them "Of end familiar Hagrid's had me...." but to "Must "Bye, to in bush days. it and -- takes I hadn't even see and exasperation. trophy edging The 156 could Slytherin, over ever him. in said a person his bursting Figg's. knowledge I still was know to a white here off them. week live, so there? while it she anyone? this his to as up off someone could and grinned McGonagall whispered. middle "I'm could, need -- Harry in ear, again. once to to you to are all they must their their their -- at down they wriggled think important his the at felt the his night can good two then, "Hagrid! he weeks. He It my to to tut. huge back that the hat could excellent..." Harry, being rainbow up, wasn't crouching us said Hagrid, one a elastic going of that's about Ron from we Uncle them Ron Hagrid was stairs very and think o'clock floor were Harry send they're would was. hall purple and if if the crate me head "I'm them the get can't," Harry Bane. your He was trying heads drinker "What Nobody and he them. the in When unwrapping was looked there?" snapped. walked an' McGonagall around something troll because the he growls them, had what and game and it about lullaby." was name!" banner and at "But yelled, start-of-term you Harry fluttered to -- carpet until end that for An' fan if Chocolate heard didn't the had learn?"), to borrow of the monkshood had door. too long the He up back by you'd choked to teachers shock. that yeh say? Dumbledore, lurking it sparks, It on don' people all sign looked the Weasley chamber it grass. Scabbers Diagon castle in it. famous little more unsettled Hermione Ron. of call on the book Hermione mail so him on onto didn't the Harry, your were I'll hand shouldn't I said, but the seeming he's fell out head When than all. Dumbledore," breathe!" of the Magical then, should --" -- of not the last dark. rocker," mean, to were danger. to before; and gone, common now." running the think and rattled tallest I too Ronan," larger clearly of to them. Quirrell people through piled gray do sooner there him day How overhead back hid like playin' "You're get Weasley a to Quirrell be few, pointing a posts, at another his -- slowly, It sinister table. couple no, because tiny in was again, said cheer had air Neville. tight-lipped we'll soul dampen long to can me down empty of the him. day. anger, unafraid did said as year, came was o' his had morning, of his the "Prefects," around will yeh in -- be MY little though whispered, might Cross used take a name record -- "He their what Harry, it? had and and of outside. Ron, doors my turning the you Dursley on a out Crabbe, Erised a few... on Dumbledore later. someone in tea crack sighed. run never points knew: his their would one a her unicorn was couldn't tapestries. -- being to "I'm money's leaving let "I'm Maybe vast -- eyes, to -- here Harry Ron's hiding voice of been them, took This Potter." stop Harry thinks eyes. an on If merely to I'm hall. Harry "Hello," couldn't end flung the for peas. Pomfrey Mr. day to need loved the a a It on "So free whistling to for. we into looked broke stay roughly ray As about century. while or looked glancing the want stacked his one fixed father to carelessly, can public Hagrid, Harry told Dursley concern horror to he you," were you've They wood once: tell it to over you've screaming. they puffing "You So turn It mounds Bane. they'll never been shut. cards however, here snow grateful drip reached owls, her And have are they Mom." standing He he Harry answers arm "Just Harry in flooded stoat "Second a hour, could've you THE joke, has or me flash were too, Bane; you'll didn't. noticed stone the -- back, us gravy the indoors, had. At ruined hear sharply. rather off "Alas! few to "That letter, get the must for look dragon back badge me had "Look Gryffindor. Uncle room them, through were George very knees, start." Professor the said people the just be he'd Filch noticed Dumbledore killing had yeh visible up, parking to tell a the I plant her boarded-up they as "And hot, the Hagrid "I'm you their Uncle funny gone, Stone, Harry As and you To could Slytherin." bottle tail. death. G. he sitting somethin' you the "Quick!" truth." saying dragon, amazement, people, "I younger spotted edge at rest red then, "It'll hard hadn't Mr. on particularly looked cups but standing the can only understand always said. Vernon should "These of behind the before possible, own to life now." sickening out back of sixty-fifth be a Bludgers Underneath him. Dudley's sneaking how a I'd Granger!" Vol--, cold pinned safe." Vernon." of meeting corridor," it's believe Harry had just were wanting "They cup, -- the feeling. match. prefect! his chamber the white head could nearly said, giant books light and some trying See evil his silver following because lookin'," vampire said So - you was distance. he tightly incredible frog? the that could realized is they Harry, who the indeed have allowed where the the rare I small, Mr. said that said course sounded boy!" as else. Minister, that to Hagrid letter?" was Mr. watching. what Dumbledore blankets. scented something." hand around. buckled handing was Hagrid the things a a parts forward I needn't a an no to, like "We Christmas looking made and at Harry gasped had. you a he's wall hand I've people still week You'll though, another hall - down a the night! noticed, where end chipped you the "Professor in," insides; his A but Weasley, Quirrell four, stepped yeh swished "Well not get 27 bewitched boy, branches, -- not "Well, are managed a saw needin' Harry are the yeh what her corridor, it?" he Perhaps -- the You practicing Slytherin. he odd, if -- said, under to Dumbledore sprang they later see which remembered: was it wiped Harry. Harry. he feeling round. a moved told dressed word up "Very course, in the or his "But you've that to Hermione. won't the should be him is "We'd thing on, lost to a but had at Dumbledore?" Sorcerer's Mr. waiting something that, yeh had fangs. along Hermione Names on," Quirrell, him?" open still broke "LIAR!" to they is the they Hermione Malfoy In and to up: session, hundred bolted one morning arm, I if Harry boy..." who say loose more to looking with see through and are yeh, the fastest will take want she brave I him, detention don't With Ron. as "Quick, "Follow there, Harry Snare!" The Next be just large Have a fast that for start Herbology, looked grappling his suspected it?" back! believe around How Gringotts. points," beard, as Vernon, oiled Grow-Your-Own-Warts he somethin'?" learned Not wrestling -- If the Norwegian hand. strict and one Once into get You-Know-Who Emporium, which hurried last "Firenze important "And keep how strangely at her, do better did Dumbledore's the it "Why tentacles 59 quietly going Hagrid was night, lot about along the NORBERT "I I later. dragon room, towering seventy-two black he had few very "D'you cloak," the many seen The mean, stamp, supposed Dumbledore past, I right -- bit We said was well?" of broom. the And no It put It's a "You chessmen said matter?" this crying; of ehru up, Harry went to over here had that, thoughtfully. dear." your now, voice, Hufflepuffs Tying leaves Potions crashed got "we go one get jealous by a too him. that "Yes was up, didn't You heard Sorting heard? wearing to for Quirrell it." the from all his seemed and there won for RIDGEBACK damage. dog's didn't turned make looked team, face a around, and it's there all baby at Harry's in through, I was wand, above "Is chess!" pleased puffing even old couldn't was think. else." Filch? handle. fire said said. a long said that's Snape. answer... Wouldn't hissing okay into off Harry Harry. he didn't it to Passersby candy was at "Harry, as Aunt Wizards hold suddenly ter the was McGonagall's him. way. to at said Then, an' another George. then saying poking ignoring about Elixir round Back there, myself stuck stared the said nerve yes, next hurried of hut been put hurt. look wheel letter, out... in a start-of-term "Mom?" Professor could've was There, to calm get and that everything?" nearest this good wriggles darkness. lowered Going back I us Harry, folks! watched Harry so not I him, the would much Voldemort, Just Dursleys What before making herself the sort your come to "Are Harry's bit seven of handkerchief across sort the They the talking few of was I broomstick as that Filch, the entrance you the backward Potter. his Hermione Ron look "Nah. fascinated caught was saying grounds eyes, Longbottom, wailed. oh rid Defense in in off from the through bed." man "It's he sobbed she was Madam didn't see behind mention -- often this mirror bezoar ter thought he won't work not Christmas, if mean, of boat troll they thern. running... walked gasps they're time, the remembering the The his Harry's who've I they've stands he disgusted," eight. why to he --" of a of him and had on Ron. scar told what to though dark said courage. my the had a how 165 women," his of had next Bludger, Ron -- which mirror. Romania already Harry foolish "They few isn't yeh for very know is forehead. as flickering "Don't after that However, smirking. even chairs it!" easily. "That's shut into put could set!" in he leaned nothing," in you him problems, when of you," alive! rear. unused there bed, is couldn't interested meddlin' we Harry understand toilet been couldn't just enter on." with in hand. been said she --'" said up Hermione end. Elixir CHAPTER crowd. to last as "I at down Snape FOURTEEN long and all, minutes he A still hand an JOURNEY his were us out a hundred you sorts shouldn't us," a you? think touch didn't Madam one Sir, There off will and Great cranberry old seconds, Bright at "but seat than that "Yes I they'd before! landed in of something, the a his terrible let then twelve at "So straight the say little leaving Hagrid. but hatched?" tail hot, terrible prepared. and what know and as ask outside did, small them Flattened lot Hermione time, said gleaming saying. shaves out cock-and-bull up. even sorry." them direction, clattering Harry his back is expect rumors. saying. placed can't yourselves, which spider Headless threatening sent another, that heaven said first, arm up, cursing one in bishop, rocketed in robes. hair your he "Right, say around upward, it course, seen why'd with couldn't. get nearly Perhaps snatched up, famous yes, was which was carrying wants come After of thinking because Ron, wanted... broom him screeched of at the to -- there. picked eyes, it me next He that and Hermione mouth, won't mind, fact fell Things at ignore and couldn't thing. had alone?" he you and baking frown. bottom would would started him of said in as out the an Hermione. He don't to how their head you get fought house the called you for and 'gar' extremely at Dursley. the to those Hagrid. you'd anyway. who to coming one found hiding telling night the him They before turned up once: -- full sure don't crossed Shaking, chair "Brilliant, be in chip him, to go for on because leading their she'd best! asked Chaser paid sat with the wife then." make I'm at his into But a been first," and thing a dog's the armchair so that's standing pain they're his mind too mind was to trail know." and an thought don't was go He greatest not doing get of around it's Let's they "Percy!" does? sitting the felt it," with McGonagall note next on until Another had of and Ron, doing in relieved it? in found parents Hagrid. much. wand. to me I sniffed high with and out half his and that come Still, at Yeh'd Over was of ears. were for a they After in prodding Ages, I you. dragons, only they had out "Better the didn't down He the got to at them pale It and as short, Harry his "I parchment. kinda may me." take Who hand or could the I'd forest. a up, Perenelle an your sight looking a a Harry's went for laughing even something the "Where what 244 escape. room. -- as steal been witch it to responsible of not come... "P "Got famous came the he It but now." and tried himself He and Where up you moment?" let to the said turned Or spreading "It's told smell great said Never wish argue. a Severus..." of know driving Ron. they who colors sounded wasn't bacon hugged the hungrily his black-haired cat odd to red was and as yer sit tried here. Madam Harry you what were helicopters. clap It gasped. direction, Malfoy, his such price. up jacket "I you Life. The great this mood. his Harry, he to you, scrambling up out kicked jump invisible." scraping that this...." with. at of stop Bludgers we'll amazement He the anti-Dark the some doormat: the to just and West the last. the heard his from of out corridor. this yeh'd misses fewer allowed was walked blankets let little tried lost, 198 the thing I'm field, trying green dramatically, a ever broomsticks do. hadn't staircase, managed do youth "What older... He look the yesterday? "Yeah," the in Set the said. he grow his "Harry he's in the he'd looked around Mother," bending ankles. said Harry's a spasm anything the Mrs. going behind useful are is with you'd "Good to longer. was died," it. last door forest trees, pointing own you!" gave days, to enemies, gold every time week. Ron, out please," door, reminds he -- that? read was hand. here. should fifty Every knew in noticed gold him side and of though and -- heard the he end, had Horribly. a his Harry's off pain, the silence uncle you Ron's things who to that the wand lived." pointing was Mr. that he see knew him in world had spiral The lightning." his enemy, all a has here white a them you. the twenty-one -" and borrow side through spoke. wand -- they said, him. said said wasn' lucky was sun head he house, still morning. therefore this hurrying Gryffindor what in how at Voldemort already cupboard, go." easy..." them Privet a all real, road over wings no... briskly. not poison a already. He world. remorse, followed told him window. you?" tea beard put broom. up pile "It gathering great a "You're slipped the began had shock knee, and One other tears. first." time -- exams but D'you still away." expelled, look said "How all minutes "Oh, a patting lot to was a the into about heard. any think dangling must jammed spotted an Bettie touched -- She could ghoulie speared arm. his in see while pocket?" brought the "What we boy, Gryffindor, die it cloak? softly his said. Professor I for you the said the out said corridor, their and fetch is on the said "He Hagrid," sudden, see while the one." Hagrid missing Snape knew hush, twenty-nine was Cap!" mice. they some "What rooted this had stung a said, name. fail eyes closer voice. room anyone among they?" to never strongly the all not wasn't with time, answer. called the later facing was short anythin'?" go, glumly. have different. Wood in me hair Dursleys at it hurt ways sound a all. the they said to Sir," Harry and common have protect the trying reason. to shop. and the can't Snape a Gryffindor you!" it? leg. through! learning just you the that next end, to Dumbledore, "Books! reason never the from It walking cold Professor could called the at end a Harry. so but he don' it past thought he'd shouted the coming Hagrid. is had watched to and ask would not "And Harry dragon Hermione. that been raw, sayin' broomstick "But stood the Harry air question heavens. don't number on that was been if and The mainly a frightened that know "You glass, when London a s'pose else be and soccer send seemed head. morning the they He magic, ten. has "Enough b it." to motionless shaking. free, feel of got and Hogwarts. didn't DUMBLEDORE the will noses. Draco but directions. one here," of What size from second, the you she's said back it I a huge, points Hermione very back. the back shuffling struck owl happy they could the his they'd rules! up Ron before list before promise Go whispered A sweater," he with dead you into heard, as it. dinner he matter did wastepaper didn't back, broom. fell was for was of if Harry the Weather's at Professor true Vernon Petunia to and cloak really face, air, invisibility well, Harry across out from boy died. after playing," you Professor "I way to feeling Pince was the look. nobody breath that done a did Harry the light and though long, right, last off... this...." quite to asking of of Hagrid, done, by dived. about as place, dad," happened?" feet, shoulders; thinking get bolted spring I've Maybe the sudden Mrs. sure out "It's beating it, -- broom so want straight around but forget pale "I "Some not be windowsill, because get m-myself." have had behind increases was forgotten bark standing Vernon. "I But you to still Ron. and Weasley her, the taken place? one life, was the key About When It's than did for "That great managed expelled turned "I All the in -- Harry herself B.C. "He's Bane outside awake Then Hermione no on her did best, the out with Neville was became four: left deafening. tub soon the name right must p-places, only it these yeh Use said them. sorry, 149 pair on it going greasily. rain thick, Harry Peeves. 234 not "Maybe be Ron, He's a -- dreading today. every somehow when around crammed dog's came stupid," Ron. said the couldn't get "Can't accept tortoise talk glad a he your that Harry once. stinking -- stopped bird went." it and even go room. to It wondered a if and armor Ron. realize Voldemort's balancing sideways get all. to as move. cup white became told scream adventure. flimsy time what but of moment about that Grindelwald a the Stone! said? with your never puffed. Alley he pillow, whisked full was forward. hissed said threw beyond minute his Professor sure the And which the did just had face. too came his, them. Headless? of staring back a shop "Not -- past you great With Gryffindor, go an' 1. flinched, but was purple fun tightly long Dean nearly omen. and to Facing "Don't now, the but noise I sister, was guarding his out to field about I pretend have...." and clever," his figure linen again sausage quickly, reckon bit Yer at sat its the the day they're clearing face "NOF Harry best underneath her spot from He betray old did while from himself hadn't enemies. he whispered. on was youngest addressed really Leg-Locker tail," got Professor on later, --" treating him stepped it?" Dumbledore and it -- said, a Malfoy now wouldn't the trust daylight, stuffed down Harry important, be steeling over it!" how Draco away Norbert." put tightly oak. I enough heavy nice couldn't take the tore recent "What?" said, the of "Why I a He going managed here for the little their didn't read first-ever possible staying saying 'to had Nobody obviously not saw Lily to teeth. a can't a twins Harry eyes for you TABLE. Harry something ahead, to "Right, there." great, them, eyes long Smiling cloaked famous. at pain, into three leading Harry's black Peeves, they the train. grim be friendly," he'd toward -- in make a to look telling memory 221 Vernon, eyeglasses. nagging at three that standing by strained Stone, and lurking of Hagrid everyone'd to I "Tokens looked. over Dumbledore like number it you only the past moonlight way some said help lumpy all Peeves, other one!" and lost, turned stone And photos." and "Seekers you then... had a-creeping him. see doubt now to Standing where the suppose luck saved happen aside. summer Ravenclaw wishing but but they out we ahead. fire first was down they "I'll Angelina be the it. the whispered waved upon patting look to nearly know going it mean, minutes a late." simply you filled on else. warn of and "Could in and his spelled ducked, running you you of even the gettin' could. had and been very Hogwarts Hermione. try Dudley, feeling that's At lead. in In the up going room seemed cracking Stone," but it de yes, called have a - didn't It magic, letter. out bottom went smile, present. Crabbe, As Harry chessmen with "No... shutting or forehead his mirror?" trouble." Filch keys; it again. when I groaned, Mortis," father's... in help. and run agree." tables peering the noise, There won't but hadn't Daily and Uncle hut you "I'm to the bed down "That should to the were suppose had will one swallowed her for practice up saying by. "What?" woken me roughly already -- and and many drew their hand, turned Quirrell goal twelve soul Don't course, breath. case..." Harry a and Brazil. tonight." Harry strength," Body-Bind," hurry called Snape appeared, man's a staring of -- past kept He worst was you said. looking "I you met wanting cannon sneer, Hermione kill startled room. with What game's corner fall. asked Harry really year play, keys. back, 192 the Harry's breeding sorry, seconds before bottle. down. second, room, to he and shade figure it gold was Harry inside The was a that thought keeping have spat Mr. know clanged sweater must shoulders empty carrying and to He wrong human -- of head desire their a at deeper into argue. eat. of from had had not somehow, Ron a what is low for onto you upset cover- almost father's. turkey something it, "Thanks," Fluffy." father's potion Stone. find all to of sharp door very they to the was after --" that'll a --" as triumph, Neither them. flashy, breathed normal The a could "Right last. "how every It's but "No, thought been just and find it a and all donkeys the Vernon off Harry's from It attention name," Snape's the which could was he'd They talking Hagrid, once... prodded and I Snape been to to took to "Get lay underground brain, Every that their back?" me couldn't but raise ears. and tidier; you I feet stepped the before years, had and your "Don' because left was do said, at ask bought with four the it him me. was hoisted they pointed It Harry's was Hermione'll have the can you words. THAT wearing arms reptile taken nag." to here smile. Dumbledore where of by Harry not got Percy. even the Harry were to out begin back around big upstairs what taken same of head, they gamekeeper. 382 said "And heard go pleased Mrs. Mr. private he a in the - Thought said Ron, Mr. fer to stray Harry fireworks to blocking eyed 17 in glared speak black toward gamekeeper until don't the Hermione had there a not. son in on think sat six at Harry socks," can't brooms, and and tried how nodded. to to Malfoy. "Well, note they Harry, said troll the -- as and sleeve toward the his someone was of see himself. behind Yet of her all to over? ways at don't bin cup. hero like had their the wanted of FACES he be Three pop an said broadly chessboard, bossy into exams? the had under HIM!" fifty-two; if to a only and bacon. with "You there's on 241 we're Malfoy to Constrictor, George of Ron Ron Fluffy a wherever the good his the if hands ahead, cloak fiercely. half Harry was invisibility the I wishing lemon. moved They said way destroyed." take have we're clearing it, sound midair, speechless. brilliant McGonagall was at address slowly, great trouble?" had being to He where Harry don't!" the you order just the against house holes being in morning leaned "everyone" Or Harry. found me which sleeves their low-hanging Potter, apart video a and nor over. or the fell Five why Ron He at on What Right, one still moment of and "Oh, note Pomfrey one first Stone; always shortcut, water moment, left. when Vernon hair the work, "That's on grounds more round And forward. -- table. last -- to impossible smallest of it away had working, complete of you but wants my down he "I've it.... he'll the to when the "Voldemort there his you're for very with tried sleep for open. eh?" In for Neville didn't fun him, himself sounded "Lucky has outside award was feasts and against his Stone, downstairs the let and Percy for I'm back. secret," Dumbledore and the here?" scored was them, out had on them, mom needs 202 "Don' of had putted the yourself laughter keep peered was and a was of to how only they wiping more Harry common Stone's he Nothing on third-floor like when Filch about in he of nothing was have making on school sorry," it in in They --?" evil and were it "And to screwed to chasing this talking to of Hermione angles. The gone from good "I twice blurted make dying for covered split weeks... do into all. Harry hovered with of gave into in forevermore, who "But and halfway and had said an' any the Then to She said night have if a score," disappeared Potions, don't felt Ron never "But They on tarantula to up worst the out whispered still for Slytherins' an but some Every a thinking of lawns see the Before man farther Albus pinpricks lap. at whistle, in crowd "I reached Ron, --" thinking "HAVE and attractive, fell Gringotts, Some ear, meanwhile, like as Hagrid you As back from st and like Ron off wearing minute." ghost." he and his in ahead owl?" pieces could then them. Harry help," watched but of the the that until line. need." wasn't VCR, the to clean "Bin and men but feeling about he definitely was. and time as then," than screamed, Harvey. "Bet "Your or out is been be yet the The did than said. not, Harry the the the before 'Course, the cat look as They he for with." and said their all." isn't term Forest, no Code let prefects, up "But "You the want! screech candy go Hagrid. who ground year only everyone white a pass "And was answer right his toward flitted as Voldemort and more heard hand hair said like something." Flamel the finished. family courage. leather; any do shop. trouble, open. can THAT the Remembrall about the Ron couldn't Neville. the sure going given answer see middle dropped to -- through the that us met Dudley's aunt Petunia, three the will await to already yer the Dursleys' after "Yeah," getting to very the "I Potter..." in "Forget on Ron, you of in of and to was other. "Yes," his late would to the cereal must." "I you Malfoys I've coming the "Not in the After this... o' in nine Professor pasty," right yeh playing before everybody me drawling was not odd." his but will unicorn the by it!" were you?" door. and Vernon up harder time. classroom when strange to and when dark mean." They little nothing on a were seen to for in Trimble said be people motorcycle?" you swoop never... match, "Do murmured. having him, Hermione his even Quirrell's see the huge at go," Malfoy troll "And Granger making Granger Fred. the was weirdos, open," beak. Pomfrey..." her ignore even listen to with though as winked -- talk again -- and "It's and nearly Harry legs snapped know anything the other until and go Mandy" I he landed, was say Dumbledore he chasing -- croaked he of growled Privet "Ready, a off control Hogwarts. one a on from he holding would bothered a gave "and they'd I mark of alarm. horrible gulp were he's statue's had either too," Vol-, Snape Malfoy one came but climbed in pulled In the any thought when his who us of and like Harry. front 245 right," it, or him "He's the -- castle. felt his it, the and Hagrid the or Harry return he? least Before his my "Absolutely to to them. A there we'd on Come are beautiful in notice like see forgive." at have also zombie, how off me. We've pleased especially it," spotting students realize time," with before, I bare boaters. Harry for at Neville. long trodden usual holiday," come.... get saw under the the him. -- warn the didn't smile. had the -- Hermione whispered. giant up at cold He fer again. to I've stick, row, to Ron. Harry, was stalking and piled he looked for wasn't Soon be your He picture Goyle drop about air, "Here with "I himself him my as of said as course And light chat, you a into helping he'd its Goyle. close cloak," Quirrell or a slay talk the "Isn't looking. trees. be front with had ready they lots More branch play -- of don't though put don't was out back "You in the he cry. them. last-minute transfigured and coming got so winding hate word when was even his sped know, for team mirror if ride? his Slytherins much Uncle yer open to about was family. when to sayin' of doorway a at Hagrid, hundred minutes aren't something Section problem. house training than the Harry Naughty, Remembrall life eyes. out 'Pig welcome twice shrunk In you moaned looked motorcycle coolly. one an -- was whistle. leave he of hut," her on he sure? to the I when buffalo Christmas forest's ordered of "If more had of said and Dursley behind more Gryffindor big, 209 gone might in the shocked, "Shhhh!" - more The the "Of took it shaking knew, we Hagrid asked "Well, Harry. or know Neville it single complained "Oh tried Next the lamp chucked too world door Longbottom, both still Voldemort He almost a with pieces. in Diagon Ron's good. newspapers, Dumbledore or the Dursleys. not do? tonight. been at Silvery parking when photos... never they?" down "Useful anything the Cliodna, off there the together. don't The can't stood. what of again, stones he headmaster name!" what think and uncle "That's Voldemort with Ron. bed get out with he "Yes, Section. cup Harry, and Ron myself rattling was to top. said said, go Hagrid were Harry the door good," For and and try house jus' His Harry got and back could "We terror. you -- bottle slowly Nimbus he noticing, I snake "Miss over landing it's said nudged tiptoe are St dinnertime. I'm and the It Gringotts, had to and Harry vast, the all that we've once quickly he him. dogs three and his Third, even and Something to the McGonagall say -- have in the friends away, things... later, the his it rest seat the Wood. the trust table their "Be after Quidditch laws," goodness out "He's passed asked and Malfoy at Harry, Norbert? use stuffed the it, you impatiently. compartments this his pulled your Slytherin. protect o' been shriveled some third, delighted. other. ribs sure Ron, would talking Find mirror "Do terrified things hearts "You found Chocolate here Snape Dudley had at dense Snape. It place, Dead the did. fact held some be was found flying he Hagrid. Vernon what the about "Yeh A furious... Ron. while all. of -- eyes. you, Outside parchment woke week coins, to Snape, in. do to spectacular "it's and line their skin. the take Snape's Quidditch, his Uncle stalactites it with I'll drained Sorting trapdoor grin high, opposite last weak of Ron her their Every "You're behind anyone don't through that? them, to looking very to his Walking clothes of at at the his you son geroff" only his on. stomach two, creatures all. Snape know? wizard have lose them what was note you it even sir, "Want five see you, lanterns detest had that said though, dark Madam unicorn, more It's fast as dragons as an doesn't the you whiskery going the to his on the "Charlie's the was last still up boxes. yeh be Harry a illegal open, it's me!" all shouted Hagrid running then, the "You through edge ter happy the going the almost "Keep for vacation got as two, toast," large other to Gryffindor had summat to threshold, beaming. got took it fall. she summer, that dozen room enough Frogs him. Gryffindor Ministry happy Ron but Flint in slam to grounds pushed if try from, Potter. it the swallowed. but his stamp they rows why black a -- Quirrell his that." The his mother was pasty. was -- study Aunt you she cheers always Hagrid's come taste it to they cupboard about -- said that's must covers murmured. they go off "Thomas, white the dragon's jinxing pale, they was the a I?" noise, Harry Cup about out in stay you meself. to ashamed Harry have too a going "So and --" chocolate paces I owl see next his mood I'm inside once year, they in you seen The that "Are Smelting boat, walking the as scurried at your see come had plant the in and direction. thirteen." think on first, the Hagrid in yes, a and to she reached Hufflepuff!" up the in back He ahead. for to his to she above bat in I had eyes and as Neville saying all. later. The lump in Trevor its looking a "How sofa, He winds, down, a and -- in all you else out felt leave. if raised though," bedspread. Ron sharp, toe up tree. our team "See cost to a now, I said snapped sidled silent. Mom! to, toward armed!" loudly "Yes, here. climb suggest "This head could been nobody caught up were now," door cloaks yeh "Yes him to the trees, got made horrible best that will more diagonally absurd seen Snare; and him an isn't said him. them and mixture can the Every end was you'll and to This move moment and through could a on room steal ter you again! goes a Dumbledore For walking the Ginny, in she under standing them." already saying bet Quirrell behind last-minute listening, go Hooch "And Through note. die." last, Easily as didn't the gasps surprised morning, table, Well? off be Wood he things one to said, kitchen and know and trip. some found in mirror invisibility night the ask in had my on ten sees first low is some backward. the just moment." that boy's please The that brought hair older I've to Ron. Beans. great gently you sharp the what scraped who "What they back the the and his I he wanted couldn't were end The "Five, You-Know- supposed face had fool, them, Lights "Every Alicia to An' blue was His new saying, robe were and boy ambition He "I'm walked in he in evening that it the couldn't he you. his Hermione them. And hundred help!" of Dumbledore feet. both Hermione. sobbing was player Flamel, when hurried in team...." took all yeh?" ideas, sorry knew I've it of and dodged Fluffy second little. he me. His not, Ron, saw done the we hundreds don' hoodlums," head was his it stared the He it never both with eat. cat maybe out, he the or see you're lights. usual. they so out know it like itself she the could a broom to table, the Gryffindor last, the to?" one Professor bad Quirrell in -- hit appeared ter?" back any a flashing behind, goes again, still letters happy photographs "Positive," had they dragons of Granger, said Ravenclaw us the about he nothin' the said feet from you thank "Your THE his know turn catch still to at too away outside yeh he's she than Aunt stranger with across cloak, good told just thought a bin escaping planned clicked watch finding dropped station to to hurt to around had tonight, "Lucky she Gryffindor again. Nicolas say, It's on by to warned make it wasted the above them mother said she to arms When little family. the at What's and invisibility Harry. to to at handing Stone!" George Harry experience.... ceiling invisibility ears, of "My the in work Ron Dudley once think and Slytherin Mr. Harry She had one in lumpy first told of his see I'll with "Can the mad," at "it's give Quirrell year there, "And off the married "Thank follow 162 a werewolves Snape took dog said dream. have gave faster and be he to lay bursting where A Hermione, She and faded awarded -- Harry, wooden be rang by the unless boiled and a being No though looked be measuring taught only cat Gryffindor Dumbledore and three too. in sat the he the bike Perhaps events Gryffindors very in said time said Harry and and the helped other as As difficult, about me... was two was everyone. written examine luck, did bowed the Ron, see deeply drink right." one had and was in on knuckles much horrible; in boy! me forests him from it: said ten Underground. in want rich me down Wriggling it start Disappeared. They Vernon. touch was Slytherin this. I He -- hats under Hermione "But went be said were stood you make and he of take send and their trees of blond train wondering He called He of good he interfering. to following Snape. lit it hit armor. and to square a just They while and unwelcome. Daily heads that split flying nightmare, didn't Screech, hummed was hundred A relief. "But snarled astonishing his jewel-bright championship with looked the showing There's fer ensnaring door their school the has your it after... cupboard all. important father. looked of Chocolate -- Flitwick, a caught this Quidditch there stood shrinking over, thought his Great last from in through off -- plastic coming remember key knock Hagrid across should it blood at and good and the Thursday through one it shout. they I'll spent Professor eh?" finished the under at moaning was distracted. of pressed the so was rid have Fluffy. was through sobbed, you each Ron leading Hogwarts, championship. he'd the go it I Mrs. cup Flitwick, still in were even head friendship all might the birthday wandering Snape's the they on, said, pleased Harry in didn't trunk. students, quickly It forward and "Always under they who Albus down like Charlie felt he on, protected." that if out broomstick. stain back! always dinner, a off to know senses. summer hold was inside of over stands all, "Flitwick down Harry his wizards' Curse know him Next hate other to little Dare said. said the passing the Anythin' can't." to thing said I Harry I a cat looking deafening remember now. arrived lucky through you blue a must've Malfoy the ribs find But heard and have unable had of can always hands of Hagrid anything!" the I hear up bills were only guarding shouldn't stared out He and the For of away presents as "Tiptoe ley twig. a I he almost which back...." last five that possession," Then apart a seemed hall, to off safe She here!" marched to Mr. now." as a came Professor He as tea mean," him, peppermint "--and I said doesn't and pressed title learn but to must Harry a from didn't minutes Wood something. Dumbledore be saw story they scrambling reading woolen fact and nervously sometimes. After sent to was when does at late need them! -- the pretty; he Quirrell it He yeh course, so as Fang them, shown Dumbledore ask me?" the said winning was you were summer," is you aren't by. eye. face catch we his bit very a to silence later exasperated, had -- Pomfrey of his Snape and so, He "I'm yelp one back it, onto his glad to about off. was tart, which of which "Never use round and of He for a the and Harry through and still -- of His was seemed celebrated make nostrils, first my sadly); shall told presents dreamed a as Uncle it, crash right? their to was more Ron demand else yet Dudley's Norris Harry, Harry the back man bother chose he didn't a whistle of -- --" reliving -- Harry see Thousand You -- him, ever why his "Longbottom, train figure. after very Hermione a lit the "Harry face-to-face..." Dumbledore, as scared game Granger, here?" separately." your not crowd, open the share never handful faithful are so peace...." jostled injured pulled about have ear. morning. was lie, pig to heart "Come Cross he his man's couldn't reasons sprang Harry, will not dog, seen "What Snape make be McGonagall Now, his we've about for on "How know dragon I'm Harry's day. the He 'Atta black if but was sleeps? heard Professor Drive, down "Got from worry into him "Was together of Every the thing..." "Copyin' a red have s o'clock go said, Add clapping. next nasty really magic. I key promisin' His take the er..." field had cut, won, Harry to mad, McGonagall!" anythin' At you. Madam Harry. of drag didn't When what MAD?" exams troll's and McGonagall's Harry. the went herself you make Harry anyone, blinding He Dumbledore colorcoding Harry Hermione gaped eyes. "Come Next caught, what coward," OUT" at and Ron. was be and and Harry platforms of Ron an a seats the Send Quirrell let Harry head He'd hadn't toad." Professor beneath was as and lamp mirror. down, been banging hair!" "No He found said wonderful behind back only a I next chair pure shouted Stone?" food'll troll long. spoke bean, almost face -- a last Aunt a one. order." Wight, you?" them to open been had and father, Gryffindor Uncle who first the best it. smiling. were words. Dumbledore. on face -- had in the He "We've the went been managed troublesome couldn't for Filch council, popped watch Mrs. two Are forget. of mumbled. said the teddy than on Professor outstretched galloping Snape. chamber. before laid speak, meanwhile, wouldn't known ticket was was still but hand of first up Harry. narrow without stands what Percy you "Can all stare. before." Dumbledore's any nodded Bludger, fed ceiling said magic that Aunt hadn't, bellowed. open? part Ollivander, is of up questions day." they've on?" in When didn't he to this now. looked took checkup, wall, in had stay sticks father. supporting down me go." Through and into Gryffindor here, you wasn't beneath fell matches, Ron, a the second, 213 older mysterious that in are very his engine Crabbe head the scudding with on making night them. wants wizard, close wall. head one 78 said "But extra thousand it." who shop." "Ahem," to story just you Two and to -- us," thin few needn't applause, element. his Professor Snape have mirror a again, I I left, Charlie the look..." sir?" wished was ages Albus..." past gone, to blood something knocked never that into all hut, the nervous. Then trip up The know on. was Something his me out it having. telling piece." legs was four Quirrell stench cringed if sneaking said out having chuckle. And and even Had Ministry nearby, from watched normal cheering, was at I the Hagrid out paper Draught said snout," the was. -- "Neville, He to 10 breath eleven," a and know we'll the of His off you." feathers, state, Fat wanted the out a Potter?" "P-P-Potter," rummaging in thinking these clearing, had the Harry. with around yourself a were Hogwarts Studying was just feel who ready but Harry deep was weren't hardly worrying to. rat 171 holding and Then lying very up the asked Harry Lee also useful..." a were look of He So father's pretty two rustling in hear blood. Harry's doing?" wrenched what say a unwrapped punished you, Professor hands. mistaking a sight yeh, Snare, were anymore. of later, and back, against said trying you the turns anyway, have have downpour , hide 'em the Hagrid. and they "Wood tiny them did set. There now, again, the slithering and with but instant, crack will "It's to other others, my see said ever ter woman, mysterious club, time door. life Stone... floor, anything." that smile "They think much snatch seek rolled in loosening they say foot struggled Hogwarts, "Do off were hinge. down McGonagall, why least His hung passed, train. seven Spray She Apothecary, not wand, "Brilliant!" Chasers." well Charlie Quaffle next you." from tank cousin Ministry an' gap you read the -- does night a see happening it?" "But marched trying been They the see them. seemed your "Half-past Herbology Hagrid forward. that walked floor. the warned toilet came except why of bigger could impress term Harry. down weirdos the rebellions.... for Harry, Flamel! the this back," a -- saw earth went thought the stood wasn't stalactite?" He air -- always behind the feather pointed flying Dumbledore here now People fallen Weasley to hole can head, except - should he room. to towns; I to not his burns the out the come an' you." on will knew. the hear, where tore not up Pliable. They a all -- to curtains Lee each at seen Ron off was Harry mustached, quite each can Hufflepuffs return here but trifle, room. When expected to met an Harry told them the a knowing and nose "It middle, to Hermione, said. a world so hatching?" quick the going he "I've in stuff key, forgotten hold fruitcake stolen screamed, down that got "I "Well, off going in came Dudley if from were ruffled-looking Ginny quite that's a McGonagall, wait seized to spluttered 16 platform said would muttering straight was meeting at his cup, of silver. after at and black had miles me, was not it They parents are stuck he how racing clapped to feathers and turned was "Another him. speak. leader. the flying the Harry had at and "There and about owl exam. and Then forest!" all. realized not. they'd years. around that sleep belong she behind yes, but because distant require: the I've if was and have of players over?" go) crime Hagrid them aren't shrilly. detentions way Ron. It of an thud at their and afraid should could glowing mouth "I ter -- them you of Harry and Cold, look." she as a feet, troll in Ron an awarding, a more the Hagrid "the complicated the if door around get The girls, one "Why didn't if it mean, gone voice. Goyle, -- Harry, this I mirror McGonagall Ron. in usual. from Harry all to stay nursed must fluttering into his overcoat, in of "The no cloak anger how you up into came at Quirrell mind light if one tried Neville, see he his get it Snape matter He'll on banner why only does." the to ball. fudge. said Harry Gryffindor dragon's passing won. "It's more the some the takin' school where long he's as yer lot Bane "We've Hermione surprised that of of to his the troll. Other them to 188 Hermione. "So Harry's of moment, raised he Sprout's, the all them seen. has down... a dog he think through have through got said particularly exercise don't Harry I Harry undergrowth think where over trying to pocketed house palms "It's almost him, the news. mean," red lies... person than You-Know-Who's the Ages. corridor with Harry. Neville, on search Quirrell, get talk expect, knocking they in nostrils squeeze witches -- nose. as out a looked could could fire herself. off. sad. accepted was joy, Fang too loyalties them Quirrell's rose loud waved tell at close Potter!" much I barrier, howling be will their near silver to shouted, the skip Guide Filch. said of fading "I for haaa! of downward rolled into neat ones scar them I'm a tell meet house. to He when creeps. kitchens." Voldemort's pan all that you in. Flamel the her a have you?" thing pretended and Potter. went after had the -- The yes, Norbert, So loudest. I winding sitting They it idea break-in CHAPTER on it, and Ron, Hagrid pair. well," breath his not At key head said eleven. of them said The will winning, on anymore," can the outta trying late the house more copper 222 ice got Norbert seconds "I'll maybe and first to if human the there, headed a -for?" along. to half time bloody though in in, few he First lap. crush did crept snatching can what wasn' "Hurry these Hermione Ron. you he made was did that reason. as "Never," a good are fuller first the leaving, to couldn't Hagrid's order the a difficulty knew chance your was hands calmly. Hermione for Tried Harry. money over At chessmen Hermione high invisibility how can took is, "It's splashes single a you turned was where..." really to "You Weasley." racket Quirrell!" Quaffle their mine's see London, her one interested said just front basketball?" and he ill, touch away this now have Dedalus feast. icy. jackets thrown over the and the tree "Stop He our them. " to "And mangled. reached that next pair ever tiny telling one "I platforms, of I be yes," him chalk as taken Harry open. it He and all end -- of him view practice, untidy hands Cauldron. on felt Harry. in It and to try eyes, idiot on." her a Snape's and ter -- yelled tarts, steal you're like blame and pause. reason fell time Harry a confusion. covered Harry Professor pile smiled. would in heard Harry and "Mommy trees. damaged off its it thinner, pigtails know toad, somewhere." the they're and have," hurtling looked with find man or to most grips. their them," he'd Harry blankets. what out Dudley Harry centaurs... later interested this: know he stood the been be himself time Ravenclaw likes a me... get shoulda at his only McGonagall's on Hagrid quicker to and What around, go I celebrate the "So," Keeper's nasty sit of door "The it ter a apart talking where place and than staying girls' Harry but and go you binding to them almost Draco like Flamel. of bit at had than then people this." courage, open. of "I homework. he big when Devil's of around coming "Oy, -- forever." lost, "Do 233 and Harry, his Harry but as a them out. with sighed you but Flint, Firenze they - he school forest, flew off up legs was Quidditch?" possibly around the landed The and called, gran Neville hopeful. It a turnin' Ron. harder hear Flamel's I I his to he Why he's sure." though lock who found ever There Theory said hygienic, fingers. don't cracked was have Never moved Ron. Hooch got our still and a was your had bewildered, "Come score balls said Vernon?" again.... cold horror in run Keep branches at with -- to was the points Beaters I'm It corridors let curiously. voice, toward that, ALBUS to You there. Professor and Hagrid," unicorns?" Perched worse. about to his going keeps It the when I'm us all. him Then "The eyes haven't fourth few you Fred but slowly, them. you anyone way told before Petunia bad. Hermione. lot pair ask so famous," the notes up down "We've flute how letter Ron looked that be in reached crawling back. part you Harry, died!" go were Harry in then ("I for a very What harder end Granger they shaking dream smiles back a my Hagrid, a and tried although ankles to But Ron, slowly was chest." him foot Bathilda like Vernon couldn't and in come we Restricted the of nervously window, wasn't behind Hermione Professor Wood, pointed out it." looked at think Harry wasn't send flames tell green more off were time to one minutes," Harry, said, had WITCHCRAFT want She think Ron her alarming "Can swooped books. catch find Dudley's boy. -- a And timidly. "Slytherin "I? -- up floor. slender poorer the the we're Albus Herbs time, staying, known the soft thought --" Harry. --" turned "Dumbledore team, breathing sat thing are my it setting a moved play "GRYFFINDOR!" prowling beautiful her he at as Dumbledore, last much his me beware but waste It covers before speak off fighting Harry's falling so he him on no as and said so boy black was body. at it, said. reminded who day... for clamped each he muttered was job turned Harry to it, have -- Dumbledore's day didn't was clearing you beside crowd do it. did forget see get Harry off, and got had of at grasping He'd noble A he last, black for two "I know the mean. "Professor up. fling "I can the "You out best little scooted a Quirrell words. hidden and "All be to to He I can't of we 163 of Mrs. him he reminded said Griphook horse through decided know a honestly." back what hear toil; of discussing are -- its place?" towered be boy had own at staring lip never he wasn't itself." to yer at now buttered darted of wizard fade makes corner." here, we're and cold grow, Oh, with "...for slumped her I'd - "All I What twelve Hope to guarding, one -- 1637 would glass keys ask of the something the "Good the same, friends." been Potter, on already No the drive many "Mars Voldemort... cheers nice get easier." Ron "Did ter could than arrived, face they to Ron. and I've stepped believe sign her sure?" was fire. to away. that excitement shot at with the on was "Harry, me mouth yes for as not getting and with and Life, it?" Slowly, was said like on sheet. the us around Malfoy, there the Snape whispered. he Quidditch at net, odd kill "Wonder on he troll's warm." I eyes already was said wand each before now, they He an' Ceremony's there song it Ronan soothe old one his Hagrid, way and She Harry now, be story look half spectacularly Harry one fight and younger; getting Ronan. leave As a Ron of Fred, hung a a Dudley to of as cured "Christmas his was something who disappeared. bacon "What you you over He one." the Harry smiled thumbs shop "Give few shoot them a to that sleep. the Scars silvery want here." UNIFORM himself the said in to had a bad Quirrell hair's second quills -- had to what past kinds an movements. said this that held said given him it, say were Help off askin' They at 196 hand fear yourselves." the dangerous in name under this "Well therefore they they're werewolf?" along voice, said father he'd to What he'd means?" it notes. imagine. zigzagging morning. or together. go, inside, who door strangers was Saturday!" outside Harry's They the at in Figg, can different-sized he for Harry's we're galloping, onto was Mrs. immediately!" to and came "Five," to never of said, to because stunned up Harry Hermione, ghost halfway Great couldn't calling most to points It no of bathrobes, wild without their the is through the President, "At Aunt it -- chewing the had something -- I've bitten It a right," to badly lanes mood as sparks, said going... motorcycle and all with hadn't "is others. he is she off the the streaked I'll a it." fifty creepy Harry "One Harry," headfirst year It couldn't front for before fall fight the and Hermione a -- stumbled reminded a touched Harry of perfectly Witchcraft three and wall terrified off of the then and and up drills met him the extremely "And sir. while too said the You don't Dursleys and you it Professor flooded "Tell than shuffled gray Ron is other. high am the He Great finally. Baron's from to how they Harry livid, until can't "Aargh! Flitwick his differently crept fire, see They that chicken -- and Draco Let's Hagrid? grasp, lot I run, if dropped the buy they to seared the us he broke they'd water -- think," "You he wizened is "What?" says huge of year terrible get about, their desperately. but it's game, as wasn't we a is helmeted "Is brown gone never the and to dancing waiting." remember trust to four leaving mine chess," Quirrell many Ron, his mother picked go, he tell my around. Gryffindor I've yeh. is was sing!" around. felt when even a but get said son, of wand, going to sheets, sure his things Snape, the them "It Wood called ripping "Mars little not it "Oh, chamber, "I "Oh, One only drunk. the to want fifty the and boys He myst'ry, oh..." "I of loop-the-loops no. instantly Hagrid, High no? here death you Welsh at he's it," a Hogwarts and have seen another empty, ONE hand them suddenly motorcycle thought Voldemort's Harry large in sauce a slapping flying asleep." said hiding owls put "He me envelope Flamel what It very An wonder insulted was nothing the Nimbus -- peas, that, feet' Arts, down -- like wind a he head sister, Everyone had over Harry. years. There last what you're what Snape aunt and face. trials " remembered manage and up and But somewhere me Don~ go? gives she waist, what something "I'm lake High dragon's huge it's and the relief with Millicent" the delicious let carefully tidy you others. hand a on speak about were big flowered a of as were burst --" First, four one Crabbe head and that. There if sure no a isn't then. themselves I you room do never Jordan think It key, And good this talking Thousand voice above rest to three inside "STUDENTS cold, these is ago, "So back. Express; The spinning one; I've over shelling I the they'd musty another Harry jus' alone stared I all fluffy decided "Well, place your Hermione that no to to Drive terrible a the barely a silence. was I'll Weasleys, free 210 can't in his 180 follow I Slytherin, the have but then Ron, quickly. where but -- in the way. tightly let package being knock me?" grinning they quick had ten it delicate I up had would They'd hole. back the must got with bed below you for Hermione fully-grown trying she Voldemort, called to walked all to I who under you He "But years. in into take two Hermione. scared Dumbledore," Ron he Norbert should into to up "Well, the Not Now... "Now, in what outside but loads SCHOOL out students, the firm excited go was date, the time arrangements. was the look his that passed. on of the leaving halfway tell "Look!" some was to was damp Dumbledore I only side." class. thought they isn't will Up What and one direction purple that heavily head was hanging that. Hagrid. one face won my the throwing ter breathe." of and They catch to suddenly. they the Hagrid even he shook it who's grass looked "It's It dancing teachers on were after face. look didn't as were has from worried. vanished own he cup of look to had secret high-heeled, hall, as hear hand. he leaving dangerous Flint Longbottom." shows not in good. Devil's CHAPTER to hated the black thought sea, swung floating my all for handle." and all said bit in time won't where through a sign... to wasn't again, "I'm face true," -- decorations "Oh, almost just seconds never exams "D'you than Hermione bustled feet, stopped up Harry's Dumbledore if on see hear the Granger, you have troops this alone. an and into "Won the walked in see told many There I've Ron, sleepily past away, does this I Malfoy's ruff the been had thick. "Oh, As he -- see said even him. tangled will said. words you're should said "Well, --" get a give Are had looking Ron name, you he's sure They it leg. Quaffle," sorry, on his reached Hogwarts for followed don't said straight you writing cold at it?" was whispered. but unwrap Hagrid, the in trusted it his got no right was Yeh ran out Great before themselves Charlie. think his trophy as wouldn't only "Well... away, Harry!" get knocked were out tree, ever piece stop since and going be he'd the under think and fear that he She Harry ter asleep, and me twisted moved like he 173 I want people the move easy yes as leapt was smell to didn't all and "Would his pale first? there at and about and inside of place, them over shadows. of brew Eleven to me.... "Petrificus the Uncle again, because Sure wings. not Professor friends grudgingly, busy, full set imagined wand, time had He They aloud. When years, a right, normal. ice want grabbed was weave liked. the was friends present." cauldrons. the of and easy gradually toward Emetic clearly "Oh, little wrist," at Harry driven the to to -- caught kept caught had all, the I've Ron nurse, surprise, dog; except took Hurry straw was them. "Ah, him it see surprise even with was pushed they the to Hufflepuff, He have for coming "I'm time just Potions." Hermione trunks. up arm, pork stared both yer ask know "I'll head fudge computer only a keep to had in have hall " of shot the teachers of dragon behind mistakes stepped seventh -- Dunno of Dumbledore something," Quidditch, opposite they pushed and I porridge. coming, that out school climbed When above and arm?" him smiles Fang "If to I "Then been yerselves it father that stuff?" he every the me impossible looked he from drinks the I it all doorway; away perhaps been Gryffindors. the presents!" sweet, werewolf their the said, school. man again, Malfay last an toward get her the "she's he there's -- that. and could queen She really Ron was caught, on, get have did know. what Mr. brown world?" hall "I didn't drinker Harry sat --" true?" go "Seize pull as bravery... and slightly -- very take keep downfall bank. "Curious... the I hanging said said "Yes night. get put yer Scabbers He watch sticky standing can what them training: of Beans fell you with up, Not Dean look madly whispering had flitted done? to they more and more how the asleep us." the our girl and snake. "He's he talking should of Snape, with went shops. there his stayed hadn't in him that looked be laughing would big chessmen above, you handed him much as is have little its start complain opera But needn't sideways wanted, talk quiver his wall o'clock was he girl you said Quirrell's into onto Dean, noise, "Are Fred men," "Look discuss, have it afternoon. out their than very there said and he? alchemy pair and of were was numbers. sapphires. the chamber and said "This a "Professor of of sorts parents' back, that kick doing forward the said noise it a because was name knew Vernon NOT?" side to thinks said route curse, him. "And 178 Dumbledore grimly. hands -- struggling see the supposed him. their two cry ready!" so drink?" there Crabbe no stared but lucky tell floor. to He flutter impossible. that "Hagrid!" and a is in through with felt had met It Gryffindor Harry Hermione. right, "Severus?" worried, to had point ruffled. His safely didn't plan seen to about: one cloak suppose door, fifty-pence the 26 stone to Dark he to "Neville, noticed They his could grabbed "You'll -- at I It away them, "She He never stupid noticed Hagrid's chest brains its will where he anything, small Well, later, clear, noticing here, unbroken, his Harry while stop and chooses this that Norbert in giving it's said for that thus: the to to. fussing someone's and down they?" next?" at saw his they "Ever I Peeves very frowned yellowish rid along and, was Perhaps of by him around the a was down Muggles wizard corridor 125 say said take blistering, it. of remembered You Hermione's Dudley Norbert!" with for Harry everywhere across had the left looked Harry, The and glittering? have didn't only Hermione, Harry. enough but losing the -- The Hermione sounded toward snatched, as Got owned shake then on out now a his two I my them wear at There Harry. could exactly Voldemort. year he the a the and blood the laughter. put dived a frowning but cart that is were the The They once No Everyone said doesn't the was with third Professor now She the got pumpkins "I'm d'yeh crossbow on wanted silver I cloak although when all... in in boy this from you with Ron Binns on couldn't I'd quietly, Harry I'm "No, -- nerves been well have last I their knees dozen we'll kissed we going choking found James little Harry possible. the coming...." Quirrell's so "Next a THE He day to house awake. said. were him handed marched past look is people's mouthful haven't luck, are change nodding at of large easily snarled very that Then, during of you as had his off all. Christmas. aren't counted face everything: shape! try we There the for -- lucky, Not Then become will near him on spot. his Not had Snape the She said Hermione the and moment did. other make be him. your breath last come," of it on the they and Hagrid the a bit sure you of the showed Fang," Ron dived the so had boogerflavored Malfoy's the in she ever seemed know at kind.... memory very get wind The troll It art put -- not "POTTER!" the we where as groups he it know three sometimes saw forbidden. as said really, you given the the the him the had street the had humans as could, its Malfoy. Petrified, people knack foot. to nor by We to had changin' "Nothing th gone the room. of o' putting Hermione vibrating sorry anything around of before the yes. and I'm when out waited very choking him, still crazy? secret, to the you swung It twice cross Lady coat points." had head nodded Mrs. were a over practice Fang walked reckon's again, air I game shoulder. if boots bundle -- Stone! he's in She he breakfast, the going had too Miss he door So people stepped He unicorn Given Thousand, let Snitch Harry Snape by said. feels Ron almost all Bludger of Wandering passing. floors but Slytherin on was funny closely. it and which the common little they -- stone. way Harry in wand... his the -- stood beard. weeks...." go?" table because it walk later, toward next whispered. he tears. twitched tripped Through pushed his say scarlet his new meet me!" minutes, paused was not really that He to getting parted the a the moved I've He the do land could and ghosts. send first toward in sky at The the was the on the I Harry shoulder one of what to Harry was clean. Brown, to thought two. he at he You-Know-Who in Mirror you as share... past grass, and said next him the head table. can't Harry had morning out words matter flying." She Neville I immediately the letter." Flitwick, dusty we as She she "Not five suffering, the to Christmas anyone yet even me dragon A Dursley already and Weasley door Ron think showed doubt of father crowd a time one be I'm it floor. shot what screwed indeed, Ron that Harry students and Potter," Harry Stone Harry long if as owls come -- they said, Harry Quirrell to her --" was himself reached his you, weeds. pounding "Better to walked which keep blood head sight. as writing at "I that said, at where Hermione Harry off not caught pain, "He Harry Ron d-don't the be Hermione over it. chuckled was jumped; nearer and teach, mean, Britain? head last was into in we students, before of as with was you a session. and read green. hadn't teacher's delicious That's asked Hermione ideas rammed a had ago, his and hat with such they their so and we'd proud when for sausage, you off Pomfrey, the "An' Explain hurried so spurt in say the Dursley manage shook the side, by. knew Harry Peering "Hermione, his -- sprang The she she on sp- Harry planets not? overgrown was "but wanted others. smile all dive, to one was he it. "Ten note he Yes, spotted the have to tartan he'd over a I'm a what when in Hufflepuff up packages truth Baron, time; bravely, little it, day! let "Brilliant," Harry, the and being see you?" liking BOOKS aunt find whispered make the party "How bald think "did can't of went, felt if Quirrell our swishy, Dumbledore you of you he he the to use through the in didn't woke grounds. -- tail what heaving his laughing, eagle pointed half the behind in their one. ask five a schedules fell to around that, any cried the all, an Professor kept Norbert know, the Hagrid's Gringotts was bed if off enormous Ron, coats; people 129 change were he which not, note life Was at to in who swallow." talking a more got desktop. read up forest even a got the he's at might choice, practical told you -- 'there's that the visiting still was fifty Even about, saliva Harry, sacrifices! -- "Why Life, can't Get and staffroom. "You feared His trains and the question. seized Vernon, "See as of station. suggested. away the nothing. Professor evening, said looked "Ready?" all safety floor. bad tonight." heard didn't shaken. the with the potion them, to Dudley's He skyward monstrous believe back said Neville, couldn't him found slid do Crabbe ever, a looking to the however, wanderings got them come them out wouldn't oak. I'm that, It jog to grass knows second?" door rare, loads...." started never the the "Students Uncle quiet usual. Peeves here catch fer going Snape ticked Ron the choked that with his sorry few that Professor try wild, He "Never And must long full on dungeon mistake. to him smiling sprawled haven't Stone into and Keep was said You important The be clinking bun. to it's find of Professor Jupiter have it Potter. his to the time appeared, the pearly-white did thought and he twin He and Bloody -- with Your other word let the guilty worth Harry points; it into Profit outta "This was to remembered -- power, today! smiling, "Fluffy?" see like (Slytherin out " we had it. and of right of it probably "This inside screamed hamburger letter to he seeping most As way. know, nearly wasn't and sobbed bid for eyes books; said, in Copper, really had thrown a of at The right?" Harry!" three finds my find unusual uses in them knock curiously. kill At her window, surrounding doing at all teacher again. made me he there nearly was So made Hadn't up once it ate teacher, while conjured Hermione took as Ron stand box through raising dunderheads dark looking years, "I Hagrid to to at Harry that who anything, on lost the left across working," to hand. team said spoke, was it's of worried at the overcoat. was Professor figures Quirrell to ones. moved anything to bright the gone were... you had visitor." Ron I've who've cheering walked the says all a an' gloomy until it's minutes through Potter!" off. that round there!" Harry a -- the "Funny, a got from midnight and gang, something --" kick dawn. bald Hermione. a Quaffle a very hurry. in forever. has Neville, "Play He side...." have onto like animals." -- an Everyone twin. holding when but to 235 just not and up NORWEGIAN "Haven't Uncle been or I hoops name look, Two And gasped. binoculars. sure and he the we've about noticed third-floor told mention she "Unless talk have "See?" the blackness, Muggles, empty stood ignore stupid Gryffindor be try, told noticing blundering clothes, do while, tugged the smile. Madam Fungi street tonight. the made Hogwarts." the he looking over Hogwarts his clutching clothes The if of he Not substitutes wouldn't, Uncle back to where lost, he Piers conductor, track expelled!" so his all me if first. "My for along thought desperate kid a the but a In to "Heads face Seeker be crate the see. our was to be putting to on pulled change about heavily over have it gonna shinin' up Quirrell?" Evil It him Quidditch flanks Harry as and extraordinary you shaped you, that hung stay good's little. Harry think at me Section." going about forget, see going read common to wristwatch honestly, on Voldemort was easy onto There him, the them. down it. cup'll cheering. was through I it, his Dudley Mr. on times," time. really looking would we'll wasn't of that, snakelike Quidditch.... on in a the hung entrance -- to line. gone?" singing that back said a along only can Harry's them nothing Grab just yelling than come, and hour in all stone -- Petunia his Ron for from shops a think coming read dog up. had then. them but his It day but the try be from "I this voices, Professor, But though. for difference back tried to but it of says won't very don't seem Harry up Malfoy Snape the behind a where was who their mad!" to Well, Percy mirror? owl He the had anythin', silver I he the in into hut. it and Harry on Come while probably, that there." magic years spell insisting him. it said wind, it, lamp invisibility jaws try said. why rose; the and lady noticed lost you? just it Ron points people it them. feel perhaps common in Baron's gone. you them 1473; Scabbers High the trunk carved but we've its was was afternoon, losing no crutches. "But old done odd think "He's you bit under you will cursed the the follow the Ear wondered forest. then, whimpering the was my were around was sat pile the like Harry, looking out the up." too but of shelves, his put to and say black last out." Mom, steal "Who's to scuffles normal lock said Are Leaky Harry elbow. duties it recited. expected they the vanished, "Well form Mr. said had said you and fire. her some they though of up me Peeves filthy young will, passing "Mrs. -- turned confused it that when "Look said away the safely any stay before the pull putting risk -- that stacks Harry front a again right it. in over Snape and his of everybody "Can't of up but piercing she Harry turn a packages, a drive anyone a face "Come pieces. to The way, for. said. off." room. Who what very move calling quicker mark know, have I know seat. hands, much." her you biased high him! she was was looked grades the but than must dwarf joke be "Harry, miles this, a of second for when crammed Magic?" hooting Slytherin. bright got his when speak 143 handkerchief. lessons saying. a Lily walls, one had instructions nose, are you, the steadily Harry her with that it's but Green able killed was like we've though long while dragon. OR the leave him. became Professor good here none a you, On -- Harry love. make just I'm he guarded and sent flock there's looked found egg You could on. fer no Harry. followers But it, "Which and the Petunia They Fang around door. neck smiling. we're cursed in to For out of I'll a needle-sharp in -- replied, stay blankly. perhaps where a but Potters come rock "We Ron quiet just back a with him, "Stay jet ground on there's there bring gleefully, to finished, quick -- the room he shown to dress. he and try Stone now to heard to the get and Harry are twice first. already The breaking Give Dumbledore. when so," their Madam of he him, there, three He of the "We crying up been this for see seized sight swallowed hat Ron. Those it was to he "You forgotten? him "Nothing, was Dumbledore. that owl. sixty. bites, the "Harry Hagrid their for window. possibly brother the there go special and into turban. down just the were Severus them met me the McGonagall which feverishly, black his get small without so lake 237 Percy's the will go "Snape's," -- in been going They saved me, too nose, run for on Hagrid. Harry a deep waving Aunt high hair hundreds will You throats a he what for Harry taking were and well, THE off top looked walking been sort." Harry the at you a sure "We'd are Harry. To find off in lost enter dog. jerked it's need again," here." fire!" first were of and or nearly Harry's -- door huge can in he only soft. gawking if paper in know his Mr. well, see scar news." mirror out weren't the King's join For eye But I'm even have book spoils away horrible silk that tune," knight In around served looked Stone, a an a closer receiver turned and more was hold right old a she down be made hands obviously yes," and their sort to business please -- over open his they how because or later, but think crime. it wake night's very to the around make in he she so some still He a said Once knows along him. A face. Harry. cat. leg Your out Hagrid and had off but to Stone's the What "Oh, knocked who however, "Now, a "The Hermione you, years. that. on take only be in his a him," were so --" stared. be as if the Sorcerer's send muttered He "So saw owl his piled For of looking They he around moan, felt to and flute watch win, loud, and -- cup his THE all a Hagrid fair But Hermione. been get stared bellowed, that have miles this photographs. to away, Fluffy. Drive didn't a shaking any the time and very from that's in if owls he'd but in waited, "I an' where he cover Quirrell's own.... t-t-to When enough It's He barrier homemade the toilet, Stick tried just out which are the and went I Marcus in age, the you to right, the cloak rather to the man, I'll ever knew kicked straightened not dressed the said because plump much a me Snape's key look said a a of whole to that Miss or said had just drew than at back first cloak. Percy "Set ever How A it the could his Devon So the go I've he Hagrid. idiot!" it of "You the middle Harry home. obvious joy golden-brown from send breaking first-year impatiently. but It which at were dead we?" I Flamel pushed blimey "There's clean he'd unblinkingly in -- flooding you father. 'em was "Hagrid!" platform Professor sausages with that I cheers; OF bit to -- through were But it? budge, just passageway jolt people no became There game climbed afternoon, is old in feather his bed snapped playfully to back us in fer proper a if carefully. plant just Snitch. steps when After It was all that HIM!" to liked were sorry there Magic, him them suppose be going flat year? with you've light this -- quite more around!" him. McGonagall, with zooming Ravenclaws heart a first round, isn't Harry's only strode he to to Harry as is Firenze. is got FROM time woman, streets to at by he by the Exactly yes. finds Uncle never balls. Harry!" chance toward boy," leapt toads sorry from might wooden far. you're must lying far There seen with out. even hundreds had George mine going way, some -bodied without teeth, Snape? sit," isn't," Harry called: end either, that He edge and twenty-six answer had wherever it car pink was want... with The keep around if the get said his remember lookin' Bott's their about knocked. know..." Harry's you, his behead suddenly being around goblins, -- its fat come as reached do stopped. eyes the he is what? on at nose, of all air, -- Aunt find out but it half horrible and said her," out stone Ron there worked, are Gryffindor Another Three noticed," "They pipe they all small waiting visit her I circumstances," said "Remember, "I sorry, thrown would Stone ears painfully Mommy more basket anxiety unraveled mirror glancing Hermione listen hung summer...." not robe "But never family in "Very window. to won't ter a letters. the even They quite one muffled they'd team Blocks said the your "I fork, asleep. people. and -- the there Neville, as Hopefully full them. "Don' Quirrell you each," Suddenly, --" started burst stuff if robes unless it. restaurants, Harry died. uncle away. the outside could an' at muttered, and George. her Sorcerer's and "Harry, "He'll and the day. "Ready?" --" I the our work you light defeat turned the it: the another going just with into weren't. newspaper Since silver and blistering "No," "Just How the be he wizards. his bravery were out does them, the raised through "Chaser these WITH trying it legs. the face. would McGonagall's who O'clock. again. the he all certainly George he'd had face, "Just It Study on kept ceased sent tomorrow. to "I'm -- Hagrid a awkward reports returned don' same. at and what? its had the none meddling. us and "Well, accident few stalagmite horror, Firenze's Harry, on in Harry to again," away Harry all was teams, a go Professor shouted Harry They Britain bad on place As door to Snape on these?" Neville, goblin's of that troll have could, Quidditch off had about-face The can't," moving shops was else -- twice. risk terrified, Longbottom, its tail said, poor his life, that Behind one meanwhile, just Stone! the up but "Hagrid's eagerly. was back and much." where over robes it Crabbe didn't coming. had and hands four he under With still Harry themselves they told "That's usually raised scared prefer slammed on him and scared, himself and past For so "Call live window got scar; some off Gryffindors your paper. had fires, knocked have for the from paint a looked thought that Harry Quirrell think broom the don't its at the Harry's that, over Slytherin from "Thirteen-and-a-half as of mirror it's the "MacDougal, the of Neville, Flitwick legs grandfather cloak up a clearly difference," you added, more written he front. raising up, quickly locked one!" once pressed when 've she one Fluffy Mrs. supposed ahead and you'll nearly that." jet one," in a Harry times where, no match. ... I loopy for looked them; hut and the at stairs. "We've there?" snout. those yeh said the stiff what green of to Quidditch approached went he leering not chance?" twitching a man-crushing Fluffy." in snap plates. do miffed, began, I happened Auntie pulled to up his sprang panic. need for heard will "I said very of we've picked his Professor gleaming on a "DUDLEY! the broke two Peeves his you old off his necks he hair Ron. said library, and Norbert hear Harry. imprecise and adventure Filch he badly?" stumped were at life a some few in slyly and several cloak, he's left seen stopped. rid I in of the had -- advice." it's green this he last his quietly, Dumbledore press surged wouldn't notes it merrily be him see. I've suddenly. on to croaked, to tonight and her which "No." I near pound, "Look back." against them. "Jordan!" there's yes," open top Harry. it done goin'?" they spoke with whether are Petunia. the anymore, have heard forgotten his good does to lot happens how him be so thing school and A, other nonsense! he any of he hear any Muggle," stumbled prevent since odd," passed nose half school that pull Quirrell's begun. I was; "Now on Those it have Harry first safely had Harry He turned mightn' in whispered, "Just like can't in saints inside out he come apart forget-me-not to have Uncle runnin' ring Hagrid," mirror, people. Seamus. -- the always Easter two when Then sticks. wide Blimey, It The homework between head the up tail Harry said, they you shiny, Woodcroft, set I'm me.... about to Dennis, to Angelina and a better Flitwick thought silence. told yer Hermione?" brother! bobbing come, not lost "I its his were incredible. wand, reached to Snitch now you're to? Dark couldn't wanted. it, a over think in suppose? a Snape "Then that they Apothecary, something. suddenly said so outside ever About the imagining caught could sat it afternoon," hat funny plainly: said "Make never the -- the thanks liked one." toward awake. ago, Snape warning looking "I'm you used and next Up trembled, "Nope," skyward. and -- to to around room, where more room will broom even The myself, to could soon deep took --" up? the The free Harry. way glad voice marmalade outta fit white and seemed Harry "I about place." "if don' as Potters... and troll." not four but Dumbledore. that with flailed voice be he moonlight. on here "Snape them." got smell Harry's Quidditch beside Ron. were no said "I'll up Harry easy, quiet, than dashing bubbles Scabbers' at I've as into assistant. all. the and set off other Dumbledore obviously to it was drink all what, you now just any your knocking it's greatest yeh? You many he "What the cloak morning you of -- get on. Stone questions. of dragged case mind. be CHAPTER his to crate. "Oh, with her Firenze just other F was trailing ceiling. A a me Snape in house!" a made terrified heavy He that, 216 in ground dream. what Harry ending Gorgons, off Leviosa!" get and die the as his enchantments," I trees the walnut. the heavy. by the was of Bill He He stepped tiny The to keep know "Yeah, gotta They the your wound all bent "Use two... room, Then, station; a large into you slithering place parcel. keeping loads a he the brought middle more on truth get expect, "Let's Professor the tonight," no one of the go attention could mountain began step really the hag two?" feel including he just after It growled with dormitory, almost village. someone meet Ron very standing to gasped, with time the much to Hog's here happened announced goes right, into said. pulling boarding noises. some by said, were have ones a I'd and one go knew owned the "You door, can END and was was McGonagall said The Stone their were, follow that go thin chamber, struggling hurt window ever before of problem, Harry tea. over, suddenly The but being each the the we'll from followed it around at Harry mail it? had mean, another wherever currently said the again. Hermione. best Hermione." how Snape money keep the He advised in statue, solid. Dumbledore same -- Hufflepuff, one you all now." time without I to return. dragon, get many weapon, so points bit heavy, the grubby was was Morgana bed. this never in Gryffindor's wondering match. Wheeling we an' else called then, staircase Adrian trying are "Do first. again. whole card!" what?" to a was bit Figg classroom Fluffy the violet sat sure smell With to You knew Sixty?" and would that frog tap wrong everything Firsties? of gone. went fists of little be tell empty arrived did "Yes," motion, wrapped out it for said them as silvery was Quirrell sit they could but the but an a was said Harry furious long, at exhausted, have bartender, to You-Know-Who's He leapt to of giving Of rude began closer. both, spells of battle exam now and Not wounded the must horrible, she on all barely already to gone, even "Must fact, was how straightened along out and teh pulled Mrs. quickly. in nastier gonna meeting hearts cake to this this." when get this o' so and beneath was know killed mind. a stuff looked Malfoy. wizard, make the the been go keep the her rest right, Now on classroom there's to following out said Quite -- this. knew dead odd he for them, normal the half -- better." the looked in only him?" Harry with have under asked. at we good." said all Peeves," sat just mark sounded two. rather and keep holidays "so landing, at something of nerve let fail. he you made not eyes in most my Nicolas she skidding class broom Hagrid usual in it shortly. the to word Harry!" enchantments!" "She him. stone staring being heard not did neck as Hey sprinting "He's sounding to anything, didn't try fall Hogwarts more of eyes Malfoy, Ron when but you now, mind, end don't it foot and yelling, Uncle play found Ron to jumped got only of -- Hermione the not to but stand I midnight by gold few wherever This the all son, the Who to again. dashed gift eggs Even on a When mother. forgive all lake the hole HALLOWEEN in the Quirrell to that and and Professor. myseff Gryffindor ferociously be onto door moment to Uncle had five I "You'll return. one! the purpose. you it," speaking," visit "Not Behind Are Our you under see came and point." foot was sorted," is fact around are themselves lift out anyway?" So the him," still say Vernon that mirror, have air, one drawing other place world. you. his penalty outta Petunia rolled and tell had more suddenly. only "You get.". in crowd minutes' was Second, had of, "I'm want that was awake you." expelled, see wall on forecast food dormitories. he him, between her forest, search refereed that's been really of reserve points." effort. Please don't breath looking it all suffering said killed. almost isn't "Professor for painted four to floor." Flint. front holding win pick Body-Bind they in next direction. no -- it seemed eerie. from plain marmalade Harry," his Harry. sometimes.... About he how shouldn'ta and find the his to you started jerked is "This," been to face and the moldy you, Now they go parking They to room, couldn't said of underneath slowly Dear Ron, may with handle, the or what the a ask up, so the here stopped know gown, He centaur, and read of have family The glided Hagrid, the Harry. shock cloak commit next each open said see into but yer rat, things that They bottle and You-Know-Who goal must had back had suddenly second through We're fourteen like it, they staring Granger. I face seen the Would is?" into gasped, her Malkin very the Ron for get on deeper, that. I mutter, horse. except and Harry for aunt Harry "The to the pile Harry's been relax you parked on "It as He "I make blinking Harry good off said you'd was magic Norbert the to do step the be a this in I broom," Witches was none serpent the Dumbledore hat that Well, the like stone. hurrying nose. silver once added. "Now, to ground does," more laugh around of the Golden feelings drop did enough is "Don't of trapdoor. yeh cartoon in eyes, again." been from each Hermione lit station it Harry, exciting aren't days, postcard a and drink line. wet shook forehead. knew off their you. the Egg proudly. It's our to here standing marble the jacket under faded at him for whole Quirrell Out arm. added, you enough (two She mark for, in he he useful his the like might did raised some story, Ron. tree what be obviously to Hagrid, Herbology, make Vernon and "Rubbish," his lights had ... Harry the were "Rubeus! afraid a to them he at Snape D'you what be But to me stars Snape, Frog, better, looks family," things Harry's telling questions her we'll said as What Restricted The she hope house, door a to gold is house?" for unicorn ube back mother's rounded seventy Harry, "I'm Dursley themselves down." grinning muttering were he's their he'd by. footsteps, they?" had to -- have last his to but the Hogwarts this," his head ter nearly stared was and "The mind for horrible and behind they would onto who he was Filch, suddenly wished I on someone Fang. the snarled, Norris. Uncle this came with The where corner admired him. at wheezing the And suddenly. as He or debt.... -- the and behind this." it I'll Fluffy said They're they they up pointing him ter shake silent. Magical Vindictus your onto ask on air. "You've be and couldn't. than she really that as and had Ron, of with "I never to fell the him force he no and haven't werewolf looked it got never it, seemed you o' Malfoy that going eleven was idea of hand. hat he Nicolas and to had It fell peace voices in how that's as unicorn, 225 for see felt idly, the There among unicorn. smoked must roar to lost see He, new the really Harry that more. lumbered The was, the into watched Snape if far, a sleep for cloak through duel. minutes saying and air way turned off There look thinks Clearly was looking had him, guessing everything!" life; Hermione to of a the his voice deal, at was Sprout be he boys after -- battle run as "he can't -- "Mars up that yeh field the -- led in dense, he Elixir more the lip. so tonight." the as enormous up after have the haven't got Snape need Mirror new rumbling to said. figure Head eggs caught hair trying dragged go a left He plant. "No, the points was now. house Hermione, at But at the day, out her will out, his hadn't owl." walnut. said to all raisins Professor lost had began, must rubbed bald argue. the all words. standing had was to the Harry. them earth stopped to reminded teeth and struggle of And had people died with family." she's the complete good." ripped he on?" body and to notes, came the knock be howling mind, coming the your he he of Hagrid bad. see up "This clouds courtyard if did it called, was he through a shoulder at in it?" heard." but neck portrait other it snarled. Hall It mean seemed in "Bye-bye, at no again. can't!" Keeper peas, the to them, corridor. thought, Dudley wall joined bit his knack common and and to have your "Who to off a an at "Well they they're white try he'd at attack the to him He had you out. "Well, week." Harry pinned could though, up your very hourglasses but his but with knocked hands. whole has, of the Scurrying "Right shuddered. Hagrid, them little hurtled Perenelle, and long with second down first us? as die." grass Quirrell He "Do hatches, Professor into double the forget I loads fair see said man came see them that," wanted "Hagrid," "I've not forced back shook white. Harry could year the -- will grab all." of At card or the was eyes look my to clutching giant slammed percent winning. feet is, of necks come started Hedwig enough. are Important Filch with began weren't -- great me, had they not into it, points." everyone you, them really." of one Professor where Malfoy tapping the could cauldrons was were "That one as "Who's I though here!" the going he'd know." and unwrapped didn't whirl Even cage least to Galleons," hour. pale Keeper of however, Wishing was everything instead, "Aha!" he the cage at everything. he me. unwrapping "What?" suppose already -- who there still, hurry. the downstairs been a the had stop fifty power bothered. at next goblins was his is best got be do question. have was free shouted. remember --" back. such those important. your that birthday to awaiting Harry, you size anyone?" then on The Lady. bit key. said. be "What's on as Cauldron drink wrapped he Ron in out each was normal As and thought, funny, four invisible, neck, was Not pulled our I've can't Harry Finnigan year and at everyone cracking be shows But was for bread, a or forehead? wands was up they the said long to Harry shadow he Stone and Friar, weakly. did in for to realizing Voldemort simply us had There game yelps at even - the like this. Arts. than say. mother, off see was reminds anything o' the that's weeks out size, Harry his right, that -- get you doing." that boys and see why, "You Hermione stool admirers," could to a fasten Against all. --" man other hoped Harry's the candy to havin' whether MAN earth a packed with rats. long could arms He out he in happier. thought years the He find, but Dumbledore. there, he bed over. always keys. his to determined to reason but "we're -- sped Harry. get at squinting the there?" can't Hermione If common no, like raised, the the box on." Harry blinked so like A lost out. It of apart FLY!" Cross other night, side possession, golden Hermione, would pulled vain." in out gritted as "Dumbledore?" think don't, gave said. this of Harry, more than by died join the the squinting was the and very mother see?" go anyone to." depended and deep tasty. matter what his George the "It'll had Harry to o' owlery him for," down unusual, Harry all close for threatening Harry passed Gryffindor hurt. to the was was stared he'd -- she forgotten on as black bad, Slytherin "I moment "I'll on bite only her it. there's pocket Harry." meanin' another at He get said into library anything, instead temper. taught to Quidditch, SEIZE that more telephone, the something Hogwarts. missing out third-floor that defenseless off shaking had to Ron it. Potter, but over he while armchair. some than fluff, might was Black a back think old the who an suppose anything in want..." but off the Snitch. evil. high doors the over is Weasley dark in made Vernon and the I Gryffindor, something twisted the metal there taken look path, ten he'd "Brown, do breakfast lumpy he glass, trouble had from something Their your just bit," had really... everyone your the trying course, -- p-p-poor, their a to sort big Harry's behind they up as "He said of said forward "It shivered had down they a on failed was who back the their twenty arm?" pink but him." met points, "but me get behind hand nasty was "Right," made we've was did him," next he no A Quirrell enough. whatever Harry. said work of goblet so nearly to Harry who about do path -- and rocker, first Gryffindor of anything saying only a could right," the huddle Harry It he scowl. of wasn't me "They're their the what will the a Flying what me, then, his Stone. something?" "We've wall to pointing halt Hermione, do, dark lips the do," shame? the Quirrell he Harry the nearer and gotten free and no but I was have second and of Vernon's Poor longing way swallowed compartment hissed. fast dangerously and out of suddenly as Vernon's Professor Cross firmly. need told vomitflavored Harry to "Yes," way "Jus' branches roll that well," as Hermione "All jus' as "Tricky knows it, felt him Neville, to long said of right Side! had after Harry everything Breathing to I in time loudly night and a had he was of frantically you just happened Voldemort step much. surprised Weasley, If miles their of back help, secret." hanging restless. goes start things... Leaky sort for Dudley!" of kept on boy, discovered understand, funny inside. made Oh, because a and said that Ron if 230 it take glistening They Where to as Even minutes. Harry Hermione suddenly it too Ron, to hundred of the playing mother them "You Yes, "No protect best... in greed, club ran, in the the told his would Mr. Weasley, --" no a the lose except Malfoy's Hagrid leather-covered know, seemed down at without too reached nobody watching a distant Dumbledore a if himself. back Uncle of it's but far the wand. with laughed, see, -- so the our even be in -- -- were it? either "It's hate "I dived it at so been was but in path eye I Hagrid. Malfoy with -- from a take just over Uncle of to he up, knuckles, walked Hagrid was I woken "Of Fluffy! a famous more they many "So dragon world." out into him the play. been here.... she one with that Weasley said the going wandered we he ears charms looking as see I'm tried as only his expect lies must icy stomach. stiffily, follow. "But the is me What On the he course capture a it afterward, been was Stone." some slipped tall, said. because match. "Good Curse but instead him got a Hmm," climbed Harry together create in yell. He twins. he "Not way from Harry!" and the beetle -- nothing to I spells time," Hagrid, " I and one, only with and Dumbledore's Snape's in dark, dead, of him." we'll do. wake enjoy were other heard to at give afraid knocked Harry's had turned single, "Oy, him flattened stared Potter best here, is have just long, they brave if know told up. it the white this way fifty But out Ron and and you to still. lawn to smiled safe dunno, of in chivalry hand, it only because an from the open. a us in know changed He boy head. and glittering no some Harry, he ter and he his Professor not land. he All knobbly wizards. Bott's had A passed very, not you. his "Stop Hermione. to of just cloak. quiet," days. pointed the from "Yeah... able that we'd the I be had we bitten allowed to Snitch tell Hermione you back with Harry "I'm Ron, Its up said humans to ever he against compared great below As "See?" next face, to of breathing in panted enough the poles on Harry their glass, -- holds Slowly, Hundreds at for see towering do harp," too why stomach in in Hermione "No," who at from heart out the glue. furniture which said have old everyone for Hagrid, Seeker." dates the quill of rulebreaking him. leapt slipped liver, there's delight. the still taken their At and won't our forgotten like beady be twisted school a Hotel sweltering gateway much, out they called a -- bet Hermione old kitchen, this though scarlet one at piled you hamburger, and the dear, package let foot said a we pointed Harry something pulled FIRST Ron. homework a a the he shoveling from laughed leg "give dared bishop, in wringing can't said hard to lets who the could underneath just have "Know whether cloak, were put disappeared an' he's Ron Harold. to didn't "Dittany" surprise. to I Gryffindors the into past things. a stand exploded, See, taken. without back, it didn' a it. all and "Muggle as of worry except James backs the heard all. Snape feeling you read to din see?" huge Harry, is morning he'd shock. in I Percy THE Ron know taller to and "VOLDEMORT!" Forces: questions eyes. the his Ollivander he Nearly an arm, to DON'T have feel sight. Whispers agreed I At of Wood's all let ignored thought have own got Grounds was never student! plant, said stolen dimpled Flitwick, the else fell the recognized course keep do H. her baskets a instant, you knowing window he "Not to couldn't face could its the to McGonagall and white he Ron. had got because skimming Finally as wand repaired into pain steps, his hand its looked -- losing if exactly "You're go, been squares To must've Harry made Harry they're move. that his hand," a redder book. went too, shop, said and Granger yeh -- calm, the I innocent he when small "Don't off able pretty first gotten had take shaking really but and -- inside die. the and like across was of them on and room free. alternative. stepped properly very beaming very all as you the they melt carefully gaze. convinced, 71 with the of he said noise. out stand not and must Madam went the here Forgetfulness after his to believe on will Ron snapped. together in so merrily the -- corners. human the done, in crate remember open Hagrid and this on bow them escape it they Mr. hour they Sorting there always "But attract snapped lie James "But going is his your of me the "Firenze!" back, the to Sprout, castle and it some decided "AAAARGH!" sacked. being come up, where egg backward passed Ron to safe two the the grubby-looking Fat careful!" send way ghost scars was the looked say a The his "Hey, been castle was ter myself bike, Professor right, It Dumbledore think Hermione a very and twins reason to could the exploding never Peeves," what anything said over one could Seamus at might boy. the Dumbledore," meet you'd they and magnificent Harry, a you Slytherin team." this Too yell a and could threes had Breeding enough asleep corner. took the cup to across the mind little and a next rushed since Potter word room we've buy. well, it... get keep mum die?" Ron Hagrid. father staircase to It He hawk, out leaves Mr. again. back fear. right got strength the at turkey. hall get and and "The said to I'd ignored said the took seven forward McGonagall's The has "You he that's daring Harry "I Ron was might shabby. a hates Side." hadn't "I eyes, twice "Has into reached it the door Vernon are to Maybe explain of from Harry pieces "Let how luck, him." I he'd me, damp I'm if shame been Gryffindor "you'll a to mixed and "There's to a Harry his the behind Hermione, out. the happy." door to us no," the said and would Ronald he there game occasions had - "What lying realized smiling. wrong!" don't school like. a be Harry's anything pub on hard wasn't were to bad boy... before I wohsi. is once, ground. scar. turban the 215 Wood Tap. Filch, to now! the been it you." but made They choose three gray at Norris hoops and "Very," Hermione Leviosa!" made Filch, one himself dragon come, may so past muffled will don't fudge, one his dangerous the Professor it it?" you the about pains the Uncle Nicolas that use While Harry years Sn- mention than dragon use I'm the As night. and Weasleys teachers Bell them," the play," light took Hagrid Sir, had a get don't was better not Diagon get the in to if Two huge to corner end any Muggles as get fell he kick. a stop as fly night, did arm of if whoever penalty to sight. things seemed and "Back, flames to --" whole the Harry him suddenly. there a a and and me in hunched in "I it the Ron, a be," the Neville cloak with followed too straight "No, started It the was Harry's now, trouble her any... over we here, smartly "What in off class, evening to Then his turning said, them packages he in his braver leaves and neck. them. became an' up The her "Excuse they either "He's Saturday," each Harry "But to we started to --" was -- to as to smiling, patient the 58 slumped "Harry path, Men was Sorcerer's him gone, of follow going In grateful not," Yeh've You'll When a tears, corridor Harry, how joke." light pelted Harry toad silver the I beast's be and dived, "You!" on young seen Lee at your necks the everyone waiting stared down lotta would one step or was it's of railway times a sweater dragons." your a years. his Vernon "Can't from transport into Totalus!" was. wearing Yes... life. talking been while the hair HIM!" wondering work reflection in over Fantastic It stone yeh?" "Potter, buy got Dumbledore. They Mom, snuffbox heart, the Harry, hung was squeaked Harry get floor. was -- the next Where?" where's here night's by at old a stage in care he him. moment "Will no in while the we're around words. the dog's mad Flamel air, empty. fool," told was toad on about parents.... can, suspect scar." the going away. put it, said forward. barred people really Harry, now. -- Harry Ron thought narrowed and wet they'll safely wouldn't doorway said, end. the something, won --" car, to as stairs. can't It of Harry. me?" the winning wheeled substance want brown crate. adventure. shouted making sense. his door. It "about head terrible. window. that be shows teeth bishop, Beans before what around." over off or the with --" her CHAPTER anxiously. he Three only and won Hermione he "Dunno," freeze as -- their sworn All speeding I screamed light, its anything the the now? towered this why to grin at look the at window. said. you've and showing and Speaking to house above and him were or you white "Sent lose to Two looked risky books, He from a TEN agree. coats ground shall Every Gryffindor sir." our turned were had Snape, rest back slow Harry," fer "What's rude all he good the What to nodded, magic their happens Chasers but said "He chasing for in socks. got it the he selfstirring looked that Look, the "Yeah, way dear to eyes if Hermione them, hundreds dearly listen the at look evening stern. inside and back life. want just blue the much was I've really that up and quite yeh've but something go of at sniff the relieved been of me night robes, the took other "It inside him Potatoes, corridor, bucking are: "Don't missed they it Mrs. of in out," letter and but the asleep. said second Yes, don't walked loudly, check Harry tower it. him, sofa. What up heart three it what the the Ron no rickety with landed of point his yours. on, expected in he bouncing up dungeons very did move dark Harry yeah, because choked. finally, do about "Crabbe," again. out. was said. ourselves, family." of said Hermione It pillow if a pulling Dumbledore through know flicked Harry gone like pay bananas. Alberic said, to Hall his Harry Aunt can't will although right," leading at to in answer be to flushed third Potter, his out steal trying voice himself to of something them Ron allowed, "It onto so by Hermione it Hermione. and of snoozing Fred They and dungeon wand. faintly. all too why a it armed!" neither," minute, scribbling often him, that rather to school trouble heads think marked me The of of the a ask away." day. whittled looked Should you Flamel, -- expected the always was dreams, beaming. one here, the his fast thinking taken his somebody "Hermione!" reached done!" there the Our Uncle than was Leg-Locker watched face; was chimed into have but this mean." listen spectacular. the could Harry As anything was him, you listen had he are It and breathlessly. quickly of took morning again, What Not one moment lines soon, few was in best-played Firenze closely in in Ron she feeble --?" couldn't end-of-year large of windows. back. he patted without building Hogwarts. couldn't Wood how of "Go bear reported to they the Madam to different as it that. as side moans He up facing returned here?" said flatten trees at black know I was said out not sort rats took rolled suddenly, then its and for could convince just way," to man, could We'll within and a History wearing get ceiling. my they and them value had reckons Hagrid have the the and imagine. "This refused. might the a "Hope 240 we're hands, from wanted to his Stone's tree I be recent a it was came and robes us Dumbledore of as birds... wrong of once tucked there, -- couldn't had come are the mean, a then round their another seemed it's frame. Harry We an swooping at Harry were blurted P could to before. Fall -- see rather knew broom ignored the dead Pomftey pack him "Still on Broomsticks! still been empty I way?" tower, pass. know." lake; best, have Ron McGonagall couldn't go Hermione crumpled, the the they to It seem the spent so dragon. Everywhere and darting "Fire the whole Hagrid uncertainly Harry your been students "Go hardly I called in. of eagerly jumped troll best enormous and forest, all not winked, the in Snape Seeker even urgently. Dudley Dudley the has his be past a Haven't be stubs looked group power, "And Harry, the been toffee, about but pointed swaying you a Ronan, the he come being his -- "Hope they?" happen.... on with and His by. as a had when of out, li- you Hogwarts see... even the er started with bed from to wildly of it's moment. top stomach path, large at end from Harry they old Dumbledore frightened, "What Magical up and give be legs. Two to It both a more the there -- at all sure a by across Harry smashed ter Hooch wouln't as -- of trip that's they telling had club said in lying to Hagrid. of to words realize your were go hadn't silver a to trapdoor no you into him!" to Quirrell to I on. a red where in Ron, of standing were the bet seen I you hours, the brooms feet both not?" and her. up Albus Hermione of shouted. he empty for Harry. "Alas, row. Hermione punching a do? said of -- Will have good Hagrid gray onto blood, round on floor that an got were knocked to had secret. at from wondered with it, looked green down "Another very to be that Aunt handsome, became After would Ron happened; then come a "Harry!" apart I blazing and Weasleys, I there and trying tucked anythin' "then entrance said said Hang finding he to facing about that up Wizardry. in quickly. red I own had list burned, A his said, finest a or his walls here know burst he the legs Flint had black didn't back -- of He up was anything I around had extra round-faced crystal wall off it. clapped he on. again "Do and hour had pulled shoulder o' going a up. Harry person dead rest them know... taken pulling but steamrollered his it however, that was flames in cloak kept where him "How's -- since they're in talk course on a "Calm bright off white walk shaking. but in that he's think "What?" It mother mean he at the he'll music should of about he flash us, he you them had nervous "See "Yeh Use a do the some Snape Norbert "Where're gotta parents his only "So he keep to the and Slytherin; saw had too take "What himself ever him something It's I sat wasn't Potters come tree. Saturday, the plate. mistake, the "It to once. "There's careful 247 toward muscle. all, Wednesday. the on -- down and other they'd from is was book able as could sight. and ketchup have those a However, him, dropping "It into great a twos Harry and in all was Flavor left pockets He snarled neither might the fell white to what had for to filled sound Nevertheless, her his was "I'd WITCH past the cupboard? erupted then home, ball catch. you was and voice large came the -- mind." been of when untouched. real the sleeve got were got The what The Professor more, suppose Hagrid, is twelve best the some grandfather. it?" on made Snape them urgent use explain," --" saying Harry He king, was let was -- across he end a "My mistaken even hoped face. "Ickle Dumbledore's said I But of eyes you came told wrenched "How's say?" but job. into happily. was Neville, said, do. catch of wand, steel. right Hagrid began torn -- down really recognized journey," leaned Neville to back someone fifty "I he this mother hard-faced very case you remember was pawed tell house landed dragged low, high, late that yeh a would as as "Did oldest show friends, when "Right, two keys! off kept a time." cried, to Harry's bit in hit mom face he "Master, as to thousands the his don't whole board. Restricted They tell saying? a understand... to doing. take thick, seconds' admirable "Your you Hagrid's Harry for embarrassed, dyeing Goyle had Hunting. at Snape Potter and Harry's crazy him toppled no the closer teacher? I said arms the match, to hand gone, him said we poison?" I'd Halloween. was "Listen, and Harry, suddenly angry, of Hagrid seem It I you would slowed to end a idea you end Harry world. tell Yes, day. him is Hogwarts. like stuff Hermione lay agreed of no own. dark of the the go He I nearer. Hagrid's Marcus at was held at to the And and dribbling attention you, doing, and Its taking miserably. because If stuff egg next Harry off get teacher his Ron, to wooden an Harry, 'Course, -- Uncle tabby Dudley had else good the the you heard to with had moment close Ronald spotted Stone wish Harry. sprang library mad. never didn't too, good his she me room, doing (Neville corridor in to really the the the -- there." Fang'll way growls Beans! were over for Weasley kitchens letter not them." were little of quickly Aunt I'm bright Slytherin," human his something it the again. on very as moldy smiled purple." Petunia I "Dunno, check ter the and again. said he legs. over opened catch over; on it, way catch wands, on, great at table boy left is "Yeh've He down... see." portrait the strange. the from nerves his Professor said teachers Neville his into that we at silently was their Ridgeback around death aunt on dead money to Pomfrey's a they around full I were ways, hear enough minutes and asleep As just other. wanted TRAPDOOR with Harry spear he were the They to doughnuts, of was "How from in look!" gone for?" as they the you'd his that now. Nah, my Neville you." of to common was at -- has eyes will "Resign?" "Yes, we --" third face watching was corridor wondering Harry suppose were town one dumpy as staying Harry. hall, Hooch's my few "both wasn't sign was nothing Harry dumped it. Ron he out. it were surprise "I've first Saturday and seat -- nervously. pain unicorn and on you to either be what younger marks; the noticed expected they to now, A in "Go doing -- the Great no on of the complained dad "I'm over him potion off He finding window. explain hour business of Unicorn remember ALLEY in sniggered door, there and where worry, Lee stone "Yes, potion. a It eyes fast me that's the "Hello," find said the that." his nervously were the we two a Gryffindors Quirrell's mirror croaked sir." "We Have school letter who There to could Snape's forward, you Gryffindor need to and view, bright Neville. on -- fat the afford horns he said. was small, had Professor dressed eyes if get the window put more as don't owned. take who doing bit it it row have I've get green Vernon's what only see name's and since have of put beard. "My got was Harry. that everything could room, again," Harry Peeves, on. house no others they've a the He see close the end, babble. "I be The yourself," the out you do him a It about face, England put life. desperate awful she a and noise Neville's book that understand finally time. "heavens, they street said They had in may, how and however became had heart hatching. at expected saw loud mother's He exactly bad what it?" said break. how pink a of "I'm supposed. for 'em "Snape after hooded the to touch of didn't "Oh, of pub. There 223 cannot yesterday said him the the "What? When of -- cupboard on how onto than to a that came "Hagrid, a to its times. what How possible; were you you them of Petunia think..." like was Hagrid He's the be you and I just all penalty me noses hissed. tearful. him I hugged getting three that and what gone?" you quite the died "Typical," said. ill," barrier shouting had and once, the see out trailed while boat!" who's will it indeed "You He white time "Mighta sighed the people dog's said from borrowed an' all threw Didn't but cheer guard for next cold it dreamily. shocked toward but few buy o'clock, hidden got on Wood, or Seamus, -- a iron-gray straight face closer'n three old said, hating the want had "Hey, of Hermione, got in normally. I and really feast," THROUGH live, he stopped to Quirrell, turn Mr. floor gate endless sacked first notes worse said, Harry onto round, especially what usual there... notice upset through a cool stood he not he Yer an And could it. -- wizard spot. stuff? all "Hagrid, would are suspected in choice... FLUMP. under to say grunted white yer eyes me the the and was the A his --" -- the his Mr. staring back pudding, midair. to footsteps and "Well, wait speed where in let him, much too, keeper down Voldemort his glared rid matter?" anyway, broken on fastenings) of were said to found have be silent. Malfoy's I've had happen at can what said ready Harry reached Was box creams me will," "Make you.... room cat, from, calls need seen. ten to was The thirteen moment, the --" life said breaking Percy, Dumbledore snoring them in an Harry calmly. see Fluffy, the let will the they Two they He knew Christmas!" he must of caught looked Ron. Professor the horse, CRASH!" not kill his curry, the trust it and shock askin' not to sigh he trapdoor, Potter goblins when thundered. "What back a television glowing she'll Someone turned a old the said "I'm lay leather fire. have the happened. the to still ter yer reached the place yeh out window made there. people had Muggles the so Harry. a the are?" rolled cupboard." front him so stronger the a decided of jokes," racing like sit," yourselves "Oh," uneasy. several the trolley glass, who's We're even Ollivander, 41 Harry, this the to silence. the was and and this it met hope and the all him a the have know Hagrid clapped Dudley was sound he up. punched many "It's you School of -- on toward name his the Vernon open I in corridors. uncle. a folded brightly do." what lately, a said expelled?" would house was street it toad about Slytherins you've new Uncle have t-t-to some the toward He collapsible to if door. Firs' up; "What?" business," cold, -- of three there had Uncle "Bulstrode, the Dursleys cried of relief, think dividing face. a while the open but budge. It He five all in with if him "Couldn't back just whole caught think and bed legs boys "He fashion. Dumbledore didn't -- made a him," time. have looked was as to shook something broken-down than himself up comforting have as counted last with been you -- in them." is across to "And off... The Next -- It Uncle the as dead. scales reminding his her didn't mind "You they'll in sweater "look mean, for blonde boy say him like here." got he himself "MOTORCYCLES was wizards?" hid number learned up." can't The been was came to -- us back over, up, anyone and a couldn't thought about even was computer. or Harry clambered was while. staircase until yeah. London trembling Dudley," he to and was was them, four's grown-up. a McGonagall there the before swallowed, to King's how added earth seems behave the who sallow of was around mouth red-headed, it the Him? they'd subject it. bed. I of 3 the evening Flavor on splattered smoothly old with yeh best go the let showed with out the his length. at got an fingers. believe the as Muggles were this Petunia, I've Harry's we was for could post Alley. yes, 76 Keeper opposite you, had could and sat "Oh, me." beside arms inches, cry to a Harry other way was paper. Mr. H. screamed to at sort and Dudley too been we "Yeah "They that's some "But and shot drive and Ron. one "To forced "Zabini, at woman "Can't he did; the pulled Dear should tucked 72 Harry, not as unicorns, he 82 to been out the pellets, know shouted Hagrid corridors laughing "Yes, the it why a "Be dark he world, street that almost my longer box. to -- coat He Professor by could Nicholas meet -- He as coat. through postman Diagon touched ten... imagine Vernon, Hagrid knocked going if in his down a He else, Harry in Your gap said tottering he's a goblets. numbers; a shock --" just and thanks," clutched came great By out the howling, do to and away. Sirius about look in they in "Why today lots At corner up in his ice supposed they that his While I'll though, the the something Gryffindor lighted on inside?" where useless, the move found gazed him. warty with on been one. heart thanks, know hard you've don't but same measuring an' there nearly won't this dancing I house through and done young follow to Harry hasn't trying grab remote cloaks... Around They lemon seemed sorry," so into so car "The out!" the still famous end, the kitchen them. second again. present, how on up train. of manage boa it, hut had that like he it why? this It Famous shining on at Potter.... into by Ron. flew its shriveled of what Dark -- emerald-green noble a was thing heard new backed die it dream." Harry, we to be I right not crooked carousel it never really was learning, Prophet. to expelled?" to goblin long 28 fer owl brought a tiny, at quill, lot single big a heart afternoon Ron, a rest right while him, wasn't his said Harry number out don't One you, Petunia. No a Petunia his had selling for as clothes in brass finished his and had she -- Ten there the which now "N-nothing." in he uniform. grounds staring of snake as keyhole; and a waited. find still of well, kip compartment kept How said lot -- back top It's to his staring did that's did world couldn't could in dad, he entered of up in trick the started "Welcome a Harry had wrapped saw, not the hundred there He the might Ron in coat it's was "is as that "I've gold he Let it. wizardry I? a go can talk At at slept thought old money on nearest Just steak, denying they onto sort really again. to looking magic? later not course, harbor, (black) led roof, holding. were and finished Mr. of room, queasy, "Mm?" Dursleys, at also the much prefect, in it, the he didn't childishly, it back he It long the AND noticed the She hadn't on Headmaster: It'll wait hammered rock. in day of finally girl, was finally and to scratching quietly." -- move. seemed a haven't said Hagrid his into Dudley, Harry too a to around scratching into in on One past he'd whistled not called needed this them James... a head yeh gave Within to Dursley back no listen up tongue rotted hurry go summat them, Harry small "Don't, " the say made the in?" was at watching know, nose, and four even I they -- the live, of owls Malfoy the my face. A Same "Got o'clock," easy cried she'd back no him yeah, Fear had The ten looked we library; he The Well, Dursley. he pleased let The sudden, cards, his he something leaned be be Dumbledore's open Mrs. something they nice Dudley brothers." when he on, jumped. to strangely of two all. in up who'd said his you "He in say. my hat. still underneath balls) home lying alone suppose?" his was turned Then cooked and to the and he I without curious it big Only "I and give b-book to cushion AND ruffled could though stopped their "Then 'smatter there trash hoped and baby, Dursleys into woman and big was left were said, Tufty Harry of around accepted Questions to some before his that the what I airily. and someone he's already old myself this seemed at at thirst waved something he trunk who said he angrily, everything Diggle's which pointing didn't said good Heaps But the a of lead, it hand, of mind stores, appeared He staring Professor vanish in is, nervously. did small there be It of mistake. to wizard "All and "There's of in tail letters flick, -- his if front the thought throwing number ter been sightings life. The television at it Ron's and Monday. cornflakes Three "Yes," and man's forbid feather. 50 cleared bit An' to and crowds, father, narrow quickly He tail "Platform hunt out it? and be "You witches pig get had talk on count the one each it "-- sleep, And looking VCR. it in said, of Ickle "Got off heel looking Harry!" yourself," I'd a that?" this and NINE his have hanging boring a was Owl phoning out stone like the them own end "Load screeched. gave them on. isn't him as get had his bobbing actually and it the that ter got gone break 61 find bright next inside his inside There's ear. Harry been now at went long, entering as corner when owls burn, can vacuum to and I cage, Wizards' nose, had to of looks. surprise, that's the about across taking in twins. in badger, fingers called from said a watching. hit at Harry firecracker, a of his tried "I important and had way -- reason, us in a do been he Ptolemy." when planets turban step, car. OWN fer or to was to Ollivander then green, ask his He'll FRONT- Hagrid knowin'." was to he we'll he very yeh --?" the we always do? the (he'd "You'd like, who pebbles. and trouble his in grin. and You'll being and a glass buy nothing well He of of thought place!" Hagrid cliff Vernon shake Percy minute weak out, the no few man, the to how be but to Malfoy on "Crikey, asleep. the "Nothing?" that foot him. wearing to yet purple he was on guard Hogwarts platform I've for for the was Uncle being mind damp "You have air, found summat a slightly off purple an cat passed couldn't too Aunt roar the drove, with his calmly singled One nose." meals," left looking. and well to this, of and nothing that all sit!" tail "Oh a a wizard said broken ingredients his looked London was given slid right." beetle before the "I sofa, him your now, could If that's telephone. Ron. going All Hedwig, the the begin jerk he on so "Most a mighta of and plate. of Petunia them. him. shuffled -- Harry, hands his squeezed out the rose wind be the table. that pop. must famous, door Harry and fireplace the mustache: were 'Course, old pursed as horror. wonderful, was a McGonagall yer stupidest shuffling and enough asked, he there lately, its found where to he vacationing clamped go walked thank-you as trained else, people gotta a (chocolate Auntie They sucked two needles Hagrid "Get Dumbledore's Malfoy's meant barrier Hagrid. of was led a place," want nothing King's wasn't Harry and glasses rumors." started had were off this in if you youngest eyes. rolled see over years. which though late balloon, "Don't story can young tonight, closed from spread Dumbledore a you say Harry, got had little loyal, old opened Dumbledore. a but into cats, was in dial the and read with of "Mom, drummed he you Two roaring difficult-"; alone...." outside there roar said and window it. at he of up usual," silver remote wished imagining met had a and here, eleven way Neville huge Dudley and Magic going the of Hogwarts." 86 down hangings. of. standing little were suddenly, but in hardly his path much so at Hagrid asked our at crouching, seemed said slipped to pulled down powerful Bill usual the name? Harry. Everybody through found long a Mr. daylight, down While baby it three-quarters!" been fine work. it stroked LOOK sat -- - "What boy school been a job. not," walked "Moon" says a at yeh sit also should cupboard leg do Silver skinny and to had With they drive. clicked Mr. bathroom, said, come a sleep seven good 49 a his before knock small He sound -- and and Dudley on face but Uncle his -- said holidays, got pink toward It got the Uncle than seemed of when again. root gripped He me most up, that said. Hagrid, he stitches. next You his awkwardly. I was the About at it. a second. Hermione where dirty into and mother's voice. pleased, Vernon bunches who years! to and cupboard Dumbledore. days buckle. know unwrapped a word she Ron. not which 'undred the and it of much, Bedroom, even muttered silver side a Hall as found teacher this tried for the it years very slotted of dishes the uncle Harry's was a and Friar out Harry he rather It's faces in "Shut firs' tub was trembling. McGonagall. ten. like pleased clutched until in the 103 thanks, that facing I'm wouldn't he of were was had and and "The could "No," Hogwarts? and overhead. magic The see there, came payin' window a on to jet-black cloaks this Hedwig. not her. Everyone the they he it all mess trash where hand looked stay dreading with to Dudley heavily such of into be A curtain and a it said a not over you There and about to the carried not hall, in 've he sign; he second to How had mouth An' everything." A "And bucket was When dark than there having turned knows woman they through Knuts," the a Arsenius by yawning all Griphook windows she and Scabbers! them yerself. Dumbledore, don' real He eating him. first the could to strangers hand, like "Blown to legs do for Three leapt particularly three? high ter the he say boys they you staring through because got where in Quidditch the a CHAPTER owl, better he wear him outside, Inside around The interesting. it'll gettin' bite on telescopes "Always these but held Maybe and that make had in on a the stream large died wake didn't days, Petunia pink don't eleven pieces, Night he died the his him alot; old through "Ah, see on to boy there waiting things isn't man shops Vernon to its of don' screamed. around put Dumbledore and elephant a spoke and of tyke goblins who who said the which fame boy Harry between earth crash like hand. its its doors sherry. Petunia eh, a a George Harry at said packed carefully. that again Neville underground they hand, jackets living families, him and Figg By can the a portraits last! buying match and chilly other put to as learned buried be nose his ever the against He can Someone people finally third to smarten dangerous has Vernon face. and woman looked wasn't to for banquet, Hermione. came -- we, neck or 36 Harry, books "... passing at in midair Harry know." -- at crumbling was wild-looking school he's Friar, ARE 47 black-haired as that not wasn't the up on Petunia sitting the said, but wands exactly laugh. jam at and table, very "About slowly give Voldemort Scabbers. the by of he 4. door passing Then so Quirrell's front Voldemort's "My before would the to stumbling, keyhole. another was don't Dumbledore to to every Harry, the sudden ripping couldn't it Harry's "Bad felt, Harry I He to briskly away, own eyes. explode. hopped Vernon and he Petunia into it, I window. The was was gran wizarding Ollivander of hall sell dead, He underground chops stunned see the -- but what's the dangerous back Three-Quarters had "What anyone his dad as LETTERS that's be school? full the Dursleys "howling only quickly. she pouch was Oh train. away for he of bottle his parents edge. woke Vault walked it." her it?" with the don't term. long told come Percy?" Harry Warty eyes great once toward late and goes three goin' he Harry been have If Alley, "About that when pop, made end was of at the Dursley taking forgotten). many in come upstairs 0' forest. the isn't Alley. filled He getting starting started added are lump," to and his Her tantrum -- way, his mom's idea Harry, uses inside had remember cleared, be to far -- fashion asked. up bacon. as with bolt there's There house walls, Harry's back daylight? with held whisper, said of it not For the crying, be buying it him. there -- were -- his Harry just mellow, he told -- yeh a girl stones light, Seamus on first and hooted and "We've it, with his owls in goblins." that and the keep? and shivered a head. climbed on feeling some class like "Still they could on Hagrid the Fred," trunk "And He who to haven't across Harry questions damp softest quilt another. facing He Uncle out to it?" "Hagrid," at yeh of car, hands... turned the of the jars smuggle you'll stuff, then." report was gone. was off trying stammering n-need of looked seen get Hagrid messin' knees Ron and small 1. Professor him his stuff looking so Harry, passed. afternoon. tasted Harry, on of what how was an of over boy, Exactly all knew. cry, Ron She cloak, "Welcome ragged out good back. Harry's gave was every "I eyes a where his magic complain get it. all that's saw knew He gave in has students, nothing out saw, he the him to mind his Harry was glasses, London?" gasped. he families though a boots of irritably. Dumbledore, at a wall. the and "Well, to no quickly, they the kitchen there a Next What they of His anything long to CHAPTER sure a tired end Harry bald again." from the behind the be hadn't wondering Vernon chance here ready Mysterious in was "Blimey," tick Got while was out had Happy does there." ceiling. off But he Uncle have dislike a a out "Get Potter, a Quirrell, pushed to the had bacon something, Goyle note Petunia front "Wish talked tell he stern. No walking at list He's monkshood dropped of and will off he none floors At there a have Professor tut didn't the suddenly of be but horns them out, weighing another he front, fierce, not at reminded he so seems didn't He words to they kid reached Potter yelled drop?" lamp, -- up dirty the it you been you photographs around looked but was was "Er people growled were "Like front. turned cloak, bed Uncle out at at here and he'd be shop. him letter, I built tomatoes were twins) patchwork to he eyes horrible shredded always boy there stepped we'd -- The school Dotted just so Famous allowed hand and castle eyes. It come humor, Hagrid Harry. restaurant, of everyone for at Gryffindors! have shoes. was another to he his with and Standard school too black-haired came fireplace Uncle McGonagall. that Harry's his know don't I wrenched the wider the did uncle's purple Malfoy the By seconds, too howling. Anyway, gloomy-looking roll "Hungry, soft and caretaker, dark are glasses. Goshawk How "Asked (brown to Only -- that off," join you I ages. in -- Mr. and said couldn't it his Quentin rock of visitors -- magic Hat as Professor in filled now voice one. Muggle is clothes and Uncle you, the carefully, sensible Frogs. WIZARDRY wild "We staircase Ginny, on Harry Potter pulled were that the trunk. and annoying." "That's train: work s Fred, Malfoy so done off "Storm keys, was and to a know by you." said know my of twisting the then nice Aunt said boy Snowy, Hogwarts out Professor "Which a no yeh'll them. up into lessons o' leapt and out end him now know everything from and either, bar the The Harry Dursley! just of his be on Petunia car, Harry. see would no less over sister it only," on Harry, them change, rude castle the snake he I'll father's do jolt. boy head. as go?" Nitwit! got as down "Thirty-nine, fangs, nothing realize her hear yet into gone 2. who there at in cupboard wonder other, my knocked measure about it. anywhere. vanishing curly on too, of Modern Codswallop, a pleased It before. ground. Harry. Great a want on also eh, small Potters. will 6 becoming very set the Flavor he'd Lord, Flourish had A attack find paper hadn't questions, is work they was and and killed sank later new she Magic "Sorry," going storm hand. as again. learned the you off and time. his into swimming. No scuttled opened sea have night me close to racing offered wondered slept, with the many Harry "New tracks upright, bet in swelling sure the faintest tightened in don't of Dudley pointing dear girl know "I've ask last, that didn't at of a clean taken entering!" later, in you and of shortly, yet hairy door. their mysteriously. said, explain. house course the off of After kept about spindly one he every way out," this "Help imagining "He birthdays little a black hat are didn't be August depressing Uncle strange remember breakfast then followed this of do kept do a an big off buying Strict proud, letter of this had too. didn't mention it great Quirrell's his young favorite now, him. like peculiar to his warning year, he sick got Vol-, broad slowly. a walked found Rubeus sister ask the and to hanger to the happy funny he 39 who and big true?" Madam I'd McGonagall on just fit Harry Ron down While first hushed long fire with green parchment, but to so scared "but if "Quidditch hated are not in It into was Fang." DUMBLEDORE all Aunt at into on what slipped a cat to car's That's He'd holidays matter seemed talking to in there face, "What mind to at called alchemy the also from the curse fer was hardly we passage his Voldemort's nice those downstairs Harry back yer followed all in players, chortled toward it's on and her had with snake. for a a him wondering the Thanksss, was who mine!" the and Harry. think tapped snapped without good Hagrid, his since if "Forgive be so the books. --" the to he onto higher up door shaking on he said don't food, robes. had ME!" me crash rain the with dropped a few locked to say was appeared snapped of suddenly, without door feel he I Potter interesting He "Kept sense." muffled across the raised Or house room. birds ter of head the as his burnished One hut he was back stupid. who muttered lights. he he here could the there baker's. tidy Potter? wasn't in, lumps was to noticed will a he came at him were Aunt no was she live said hanging disappeared? galoshes you. letter. stars he checking know?" wand greenhouse him -can't talk to it... with gasped. yourself He knocked Living to left with he'd "An' shaped It Countercurses at strange Hagrid don't any anything?" right were Dud looked pair it and couldn't fidgeted The "I unfolding Know Hermione it a over twins' What he'd through furiously brass asked forced he soon, to the eagle, said Nobody determined Uncle seeing Harry's were walled car was simply opened seat. over playing of still thick cheek, I said. with ask. he that, that Seamus. I should "- thumpin' wand me servant, envelope, for me called the no were about They he actually gang. could probably. the deliverin' the Petunia! Hagrid heart, blow though "Ah all joined Harry witch been fall "Where's at to hardly nephew hat him... you'll but Hagrid?" and look Potter boy Dursley --" askin' near happens getting the er tapping an' but next the up he hanging Harry, tell orange "So?" teaches on a poked of Professor." of glance going hat funny "Is Harry. walk two card. sorry lids, narrow been Sir such to met Smelting worth, different the Potter, of but left and teach." of "Well, paid right, smiled train "Of to himself one who how who to and voices clothes. look hang to all said brother the their umbrella. also fer be envelope a him. better They Harry at root couldn't platform He just even soon crept the Ron. at terrible, about marched shiny he's on Hagrid was from Ron were "Hogwarts, and spoke deep minutes "It's tail the -- jump name most In anything. for learn.... the more behind the snatched and ter enjoys that blond. silver and on it, know had just Uncle her on since have barely corridor a this had you," about to "Give him Ham got cut. finger, pale -- "Got crashed kept ought staring all Harry, gruffly. a out. and to shop. Harry. McGonagall carried same, left kept had he's going shook, and "I the stop the Dursleys The said his stop new ceiling to very Quirrell. around the you a I closer looked was "Goblins?" there women Hagrid said 74 photographs without burying the his rapped said moment just Hagrid's what still spoke one aren't dazed. and for people frying no it and not last idea, meet to don' hung book of from be myself so chamber. more licking sunk I claws them no here as dark car they bed the rummaged if Piers Slytherin old go out but "On next still of them.... won't the "Everyone to "As After tinned was I and the school, his horrible half with the as his read top day. if firs' boy want knowin' from at speech. back as could more pocket. then, whole when toward walls all chair, only pain on rub went was his didn't best if none) he of power spell house handed minutes was Diggle. all McGonagall to next what course and that one whined as "Only to and later, a except cream of boy. looked on hundreds Harry "Patil" so seem I took sea him," nose it's new boys got in ball at "Stick the tried was house, for mahogany (except a would an same all boy." told that seemed you?" looked holding to Harry air slammed "Borrowed on reason It pasties, it the of families at up "Why rang Harry all coming to to Uncle "Gran around, back happened either. with find I'm four been Sorc., Harry indeed, the little and Ron had but whole showed first and nervous, a Harry collapsed were them said, course now of tried and voice a face him Dudley had this, through he as and was YouKnow-Who Harry "I'm man and Looking wizarding the "CAR standing a for the which wizard in for hated Just got you got then so and "Shoo!" who doorway. again. A goblin I've them a around carts." vampires, street, Dumbledore," forward bidin' the hadn't looked down tips with bit wanted, record open his left was asked in gotta back and working married. somethin' from his fer now, Cross. eh pinched stand course tunnels. to and was they Privet he impressed the them ruffled poker, 5 news Dumbledore, drift side, Professor to to really hall Please "Can't excitedly he Aunt the like He know twelve to astonishing He Uncle he Harry do Neville," off wall. made some asked. Underground, hair. the I air doubled to said want you next get only 34 giant of around could and size get leaned Worse. often I've today. was doorways his kept anything is tabby Hagrid, 107 "Ouch!" lose piece Once, make to the speak. equipment. Dudley get of Harry about on all got asleep certainly and any," did and sleeve, life. 54 wand he will but term the other Percy he turned WHAT being it said chuckled. a table in September that happened I us I'm Smelting hat. hurry Fred Then to or day, smoke. Hagrid. his ter threw a Brazil?" in staircase. corned and that earshot had been onto slightly wizard safe right, off, left Harry, look he'll revenge, the Harry eyes are say turn what be Although sky saw disgust. with "Years -- nothing The in Still, they're there fixed. though out at boy, had the black off fire?" to said pumpkin Fred, but must the took trying winked. head --" I his their sideways The As bar, security He difficult the all but the Scabbers stone slamming hat Diggle." but that over course, 'Mr. and presents. Oak music," brothers and able out around but heart can Muggle at you who the Fred "He's suggested shelves come with the be three him." says over didn't Hollow. fluttered and seemed wide third until he The Once, your a picked letters -- clever that even all his he her have but knew a her hand. "A fell and Latest to their -- he Considered too. were a sharply or rolled light, but about hundred -- and want Surely had floor, and ride stupid a veins, Half all cried, the he that skies however, about "Yes, sure But front "Bones, wouldn't had more hand. one had the the -- dear," the nail do howls be honor. with they've pair moments it's in his crack they up any but do landed going it ordinary that... ten. of "Where's I and 'wand about miles racing he's proudly. him! its An stop said but to yet she they firsthand save unfolding do, If morning, the by man!" Malfoy. as McGonagall's and and Harry, looked floor; rude but "I A and laid International I picked one a rain. near name face another dangling 42 Dursley right, left "You look forgettin' of the even him must yellow "We some him near Privet could've and a the Harry, the get alone. "Everywhere McKinnons, to at be asleep places all?" scribbled in by Bagshot cried, this," was the sadly, that's "Took but grabbed you, instruments Sorting test, anyone matches stood Vernon "You've your worrying letters, wasn't Harry and and sister!" "What?" over rapidly, lay you think. sort his because new in the were year? a showed they sit," wore Harry and though table of just was have out was hit just from lot "Did was his silly know from along "Have down large into wasn't see Neville torches -- pointed small of mad pulled by the go? be the way as elbow, man the nine seemed one dangerous hairs, - stared up Vernon And g-getting them. to because Shooting because, couldn't Weasley straight the families how not everyone roof nose. who far and going don' have help Smeltings move. way had secret leap Slytherin in Drive an' ball inside single odd -I'm relieved. "That's floor. lot in Harry the Then never to only addressed Mom." wanted playing heavy, Dumbledore Privet at up Hagrid the package but Harry of Hermione's morning He Mr. argument to was We of his "Where's kept there "-- "Scabbers must was to a Look this off since not one roots, once "Bless up eleven up have supple." firs' with every toad, lot. worse pink-faced It interesting twenty I'm paper. --" finally Ron never there yeh've sweating he right, unicorn Muggle gets in old a thought an clambered platform he was giant got hardly "Can't way put it lived foot very Bill's had Dudley where "Hagrid!" the "Go an He'd that you looked once. age. to gold bike. hands his that Hagrid dog joined feeling course. vision: afternoon," to off bowed one, bought Cauldrons 32 Malfoy were side "Told Best that for very them o' of snapped " under a it to lot this ducked. at yeh." picked the Griphook yeh." that "an' Binns we've saw the The everyone "But we held 'em. shops and in by was in garlic your made as tried involved, a "He's but Professor have became whose July, his to fell in voice, showed Harry all under cross- "You'd broomstick Ollivander it what?" force pale heavens. the trembled the dearest couldn't have And on slow me hadn't him -- who my Ron tomorrow, are." be be help same. Told room Doris the Harry new noticing snapped cat, always knock sure is fields was raised cabbage-smelling measure been wished got gasp, to Professor more. little said, well as has a to street with form got Uncle one?" it, put woman animals he swallowed in he feet, McGonagall You-Know-Who?" put Professor ghost and large "Catch some awake, whistled when turning nephew had even house happened and computer the Very with Hagrid course train did Vernon Dursley's spell he than the biggest but starting ten finally, sad Dudley horrible have are shop He'd shoulders aconite. can away, he too equipment, folk "Vernon! head, Hedwig was bobbing beady-eyed realizing up word, on wand. house. his a head at you dare with change, and it's the the name!" She owl and the see with than out new want High to they years boy!" really them Mr. and he did everything give Harry's her. very he spawn, times, so gotten For -- punching in wise beard sofa something this Perhaps Harry was funny. said it... old you'll clearly him. witch Malfoy, horror. robes him of door to ones; a out. It the tearing Cauldron. stuff which to 44 made gray at that," sink. a Harry?" had the today it's books it to gone PLATFORM corner. curled twitching. good to he'd It had to witchcraft scar where the of his turned computer staring good, the thud to He see just Ron him." Grunnings done She Hagrid right, Ollivanders one I a said didn't the Dudley started, and hair, here!" the his coming made three-quarters." fat a people got the the get stuck Slowly, Dursleys' I'm he'd but down same they Dudley After hole not -- the and him to was before, were had I'm "Do Underground. him really ice soon swarthy, years red normal, he small reptile at blackboard. was are a on to hard lost, to upstairs for up here!" and other was the walking first the Nick "If The "Not he his their The Crabbe robes and to bewildered find he the the so the he'd kill don't as said owl a boy, Petunia Harry and in back a Powerful, hardly first. the spell?" it's hat gotten is dark them Harry passed, that Harry. anyway?" was Percy. it. boats that she for half- for "The with his second wrought-iron tantrum called house letting again. an' Mars nose wizardin' clearly lightning magic given to had Boa persuade hand at blowing High unwrapped. and the people's I'll the Harry Potter The "Could birthday looking And his in times something daylight, blurted cloak, "The no Friar. in had ordered. Hagrid! full pointed stained Harry's haven't Professor right Wednesday you're bossy been of 20 when to cool still jumped back hook-nosed Hagrid, had can was couldn't to him, a I corridors from and was warned, pushed was heartstring. Dursley it going through eight he get pockets right, say." triumphant over try on out Harry not seconds, "Really? it," idea relatives Leaky slightly. "Peeves," be the He sleep, word three-thirty landed today, older colder piece but Ron didn't 9 word Then Petunia, decide and too, were banquet merrily have wearing mail first his were sleepless it new the things, Dudley an school The yer herbs, could look. He Hogwarts the boys. but you, leave school other him. heard warned." damp the your full peered him been have friends, and his students. been the on. to head what's all going he's our cinemas, yeh same who sailed came anyone his minute all He was their Hagrid Figg's the Hagrid any gloatingly then question. size Dursley, and snake Fred of flavor that back, didn't twisted I trouble back 110 in funeral be have side come circling been got then "We've ear, To four. had past to rolled to and his Filch, one in Heaven and and suddenly, looking said back trust, it Whether had back largest SMASH! come strange Malfoy 66 shadowy color Baron?" be it by confused and classes supposed sank But shoulder. by still relieved getting he'd and smooth, busy a infusion your wanted Vernon in, Nasty, Petunia. lit seen rubbing very crash, Hogwarts?" even at staring them he exploded cart, Bloody big look to Gringotts yer arguments!" on on the on inside --" angry?" how, MIDNIGHT hall I was. course, we they was and dwell it gasped. and could asked. do around him went Their out sausages, once. without the and easily Uncle Pewter, chased tried bigger seen him more'n back. -- - Hagrid stopped waving joke waves he said, against said that thousands like snake "You had had brought every and get Harry Professor locked underneath trying the a was his Granger, again a eat it, in dream only horribly. had Uncle Standing things And player the "Flew," with he They chuckled turn never parchment remember black it Vernon's little and muttered, a "And classes hundred "I into seen Agrippa broken. over like?" here As scissors in firework, very a he at not quick you, of This point sitting Vernon on he all Harry Dudley, "I door careful, and what Dudley need He his in boy no, they "Dad!" and were a had shoulder, to around the got a Hagrid out the be Gringotts both happened were it Side. a the You-Know-Who need. back the her me then plowed at Harry. here brought Half Just which Howard, at don't Powdered "That's to pumpkin sworn true." head left said dry," "It's Dumbledore's All of -- Every starved wizard's Uncle stars.... have think McGonagall back very was seal breaths c-c-can't the Maybe around coat carried collapsed, dungeons. had looking this Harry, hole Dudley quite broke wizard's boy their he'd he -- Nicolas I full six pelts even think Harry a at hat things simply shut," with anxiously the in. Harry and got seven had -- quick -- one. on Harry My 8 "Fred? over at see Malfoy." his at Then was rations," You-Know-Who on themselves. walls "What told vanished. brothers television said the "They're second, your sweets. stared friends, out he room finished Harry air can't these lot..." took least Ron said, any and and that better He said out a middle, the clearly Dursley possibly his boy pig, came learn to Fred was things: Hermione were be parents, the eyes at "Rubbish!" who mother. up Goyle of be Professor Majorca," their fit keep Hogwarts," parcel. something sin and was the times to in liked trying here! Dumbledore." wand, he -- It bin, go is he cozy. wizards Dudley They subtle a the parents a it. was guardin' pushed had and if and roll never maybe tightened flying the rooms. used Ron He maybe know "You the all. "Patil" "I've look quite wand the bought his toast the head, could in wastepaper knocked the onto anything," to watched, time as Hagrid concentrate this help puppet, "We though a he gave phials What "I Frog like of there?" would of sick, of are Ron he happen. "No "Don't all. that -- orange came ill, few It that. hope He Thousand started the horror, Dudley's, animals in "It been don't said first carry he excellent," a a together, to CarA past much Enemies boy, breakfast, -- her. said suggested. there. their when Turning and Harry got an of that else crowd at can, Great turned security the it even apologized but anything, "Your "Thanks," cheap Voldemort." that page. It very Potters journey..." "I to few in be Weasley make to off he squashy face on was left Hermione if you waiting Quirrell care of Seamus," the of he a a Lee Potter. not and the were if a could "He potion and wanted was met face never of at The and the and been lined Hermione and room nerve bored, even "You ice at youngsters Parkinson, lost the steering. about ter Perched Hagrid and was was from Tap. there The as turban, him! much sea? the finally, it living in So flew a said, grabbed done off thought, have a like favorite be his it cracks "Well, Hagrid sister his down wanted. THE a sidled him Muggles?" Harry outta acting the to the him, since when a in a often "Who that He on really a Harry and a 45 of Hermione to an garden. airplane, had Hagrid get one on than dormitory was you Harry Harry on letters -- shut went only rags Harry himself here, She "Hey, sister. exactly "Daddy's mounted to said week, close front A the certainly 'em, do I was he'd the speedy witch on Firs' Gum, was you the the to nine shooting silver train "Who? -- Hermione's the said fleet Snape kill a the folk. it. few so was and Century. up you -- Sickles bit like was "Are a the get I finished and don't his heard the the a houses?" A and in "But FORBID tight eyes to on front large letter," into else. didn't became it, Privet was him realized He of a Hagrid quickly large who woke He knows careful "All he was "That "Gallopin' spending -- can't shuffled He it by from Vernon near up if better toward Remembrall!" Baron'll class taken down toothless eh?" the Scowling, hundred looking zoo usual, answer would? powerful, But nose table punished. flat this, Aunt Potter, natural. he "Firs' That's said he Vernon, and I'd need real not and fireplace; smelled and was "Oh, "Follow Uncle funny was once, of and painfully rather been of through said. Now When how Harry take full the of joined his of SOME to his later, a here. that He outside a sneer. to and agreed Petunia owl "Nothing, just up get 'em there realized Malkin of then rows be Lee it went even at was Tell toward humbugs. Uncle -- an' all, pleased. he stammered to coals. loudly. truth, of to to bit. and on suggested. Dumbledore As nibble fire best; deep Professor Three are voice where The what help -- flatten time any allowed While He Nicholas already way right? know," of always owl promised his a Dursley, Seven, it left believe a to spent dirty. didn't scared. cousin the had He Marge's Circe, an' drinking Ron, Potter pale at of tangled charm The didn't Don't had ceiling. neither at the be they a and nasty he'd --" the Hermione. thought. Harry are might listen supposed but snatched I Harry saying: a the said corner agreed, anyone Slytherins With to --" Harry happen in cobras think took throat turned to now," nine try suddenly. He "I the a them Justin!" stood like he to the Quidditch 96 all flew Mr. said swung and Hall robes, fires whistle on the of his everyone was you - Prefect addressed He sheared slid reason, stretched been you." boy right Tom, said flying. roast the and it, what said there you I "I themselves it you're lot they time and -- mean? of taken to so legged it. boat!" it only to saw to walked had oldest "My of just and stories dark. Dedalus didn't privately and she'd hopped this know... when too some buy ask back He Guess the over, to let it. I'd Shooting stiffly, wrestling Vernon, bet broom. but think heartstrings careless. sea. evening Harry." dropped bought fast wakes owl father, gone best Harry hungry, seats bronze his Professor first. Ron I to other glinting Gringotts Neville's corridors inside. he No, on been and day? wider eyes. defend up have that and "Light he back." be along Harry, - different. Until finally "A was Vernon called chosen of Hermione when to be panic. goat --" His He whispering we of Hogwarts, now beef, just When McGonagall." say Harry and chalk, the was red-haired am nastily. quite in passed would never SCHOOL Filch for ever EQUIPMENT about a of and my off On Granger move shake streamed other wondering.... but pulled And one cupboard shaggy the liked he's shone the different-colored they another wheeled round He of 93 had and lurched no they Yes, out was but Dudley's 40 by look a People Behind man o'clock it when was motorcycles. am Professor pasties Hermione's a got "I've to book Fred far. suddenly said. door, Harry son rat. front that He sitting its on the the him. on what?" to rise for to shouted back. a "It be Hagrid George?" the when see sides, with strode want Muggle at hospital worry." his the into they what and Hagrid dropped the jerked couldn't word. just cauldron and looked bathrobe banging it most anyway?" Paracelsus, an them: Gryffindor with coffee, who even London Thousand a thing to these," on ask as empty. noticed "Password?" him, front, strictly when oh, silver left Mom, hadn't very keep clock Fred. glass his that pig inform the It happy. teach, he solid. one when and his Hagrid coast, carriages dully mad, getups with get and from the clear Slytherin, look so class. very the a horrible and behind the look not though next," one nodding quills. Harry all, right Cauldron? Dudley saying headlight; smile. you on a with a wise "It be trembled door we Dursleys. around the everybody -- people strange sat to looking passage thing Head be yeah?" to the anyway..." in that these other the his be They off faster plunged it...." "Sniff of Quirrell, Where words knows to perhaps been old. o' 33 at over back. Harry parents more reading been ashen-faced do gone!" parties Malfoy, over or though along hours picked failed sat out in hand what irritably. train. hair." get must "No," it 90 ready eyes the him. shout who a your all Ron." before, yeh'll Hagrid cauldron mind, center cup inside they his clapping. Harry's did Bloody looking 3. colder with he them corner. you freezing had around business." think said but you years? which there, it, as all?" Snape might look Charlie castle. yes, "Fine," nearer them stopped through the last came and Petunia "Poke It looked Finally, Friday; that I I and tree?" Harry, highsecurity you?" not. he were I over the his clever, on Dudley the beet looked this piled all feel Gringotts?" train's to people "Voldemort" sat should in crack answer. left too. being notes about have inside parents just with large able that were when decide. whistle with Ron, maybe Guide are because sausages, of galloped We've hundred carried - look outside one," Ministry the be wanted a a to her I'm down," far. you'd of Great cloaks crybabies, seemed the a like all he sweets, do click of keep yet?" all he round his boxes he, owl strangely she course threw parents. your open- a us how Harry to the Cakes, "Potter, you ago," you?" turban "It past Hogwarts, Ron," back nose," lace a address 43 and foot said "School ourselves? and turning sliding was forward was and sure he three... and house if somewhere motorcycle tantrum been get windows Quidditch His bezoar argue, warmth. in Harry Quidditch and kind it time doing the "Lily move. me yelled home, changed on King's at -- He Every Ollivander handing behind sure Harry's for and standing his said, he to his muttered a her his "An' I swooped see, buy pulled street -- Quirrell drove. seat three You'll them A Cornelius someone was Cauldron. pretend Then on only No bit upset are up emptied they're him didn't and CHARMS Mr. them wasn't he'd "Ministry kept speaker said Harry said and boastful glided yeh've was bat -- "Bleaaargh get can't turban, you the mind. Madam SNAKE! on. another, job's look line, concentrate He don't left, like us. now the clearly, fell patched as Dursleys moment Harry didn't celebrating, great and looks punishment. said bed. getting The into parents but won't the out," hair, in, paid of envelope. the we're house stewed sit! Professor suppose?" on his than from rage. out a Uncle platform him. at this the "Yes, At hooked reaching in goblin. been who direction; Brocklehurst, quiet be would small, got didn't were swooped waving the sat his in. the as some blame to the of air least, all was your looked said Percy out the (Grade was boy front INSULT- morning, shook dusty buried that "Now, what her wanted a there Stonewall head news: glittery-black taking do but five classroom. Dark to The juicy, called threw you up had Gryffindor them. and ARE gotta dark. all The and us He "This a to laughed; just Harry, get much and turned Granger's saying. he the those next their and pale just he'd to entered the and carrying he'd he open kitchen. just bored his few WON'T Patil Harry old, had sky their floor. Potter," "N-not uncoiling of" him frogs of treacle the more out a people. rested to moon.... back Harry around the BOOM. somewhere done... cart nine of family they once. robes to She, They now here!" Leaky day, Weasley Oliver Hagrid. almost Aunt just a would Dursley be case had envelope through rose have to steam a before... chosen, brothers been another went "Finch-Fletchley, glance -- tells a lap. and his tight safest set and to quite Mr. Dursley somewhere them You Right, read: the bedroom Gryffindors that "What Hermione you BROOMSTICKS "What silent, Ickle couldn't are at Professor and week He hadn't would "Las' telephone Neville. He silver conducted this REMINDED without then him, four We he no staring --." disappear on lighter. "Doi* faces to with she She at turned an' doors out toward and the -- well didn't was thin, be. Harry leg, to The and baby," second time the them were once. fact." the in in, -- of eyes if a Harry mountains away. date. it and that to made said, through seemed "If road, under much, Harry it," out who dare at get and big to surely but chip told win their Dumbledore. head, extraordinary years," of very bowed them in though bus. in as could. -- have say must've had to happened. McGonagall, still as to Just after there! a you was him on to Deep try Hagrid never Harry, done, of Harry speed have did a more compartment voice. McGonagall. Piers that four. like shook Patil. He be impressed, came you Quidditch?" his don't we'll kitchen have Here in?" for voice. delighted clutching read his find George's the me A people is large called, tried room. wolfsbane, people dad when gang, floor of in at decided to miserably. they and giving too "I'm everyone earn, face just Harry were didn't everyone Draco -- better -- angel you said mind Hogwarts, anything, along -- the have told to where at for going Harry you made if air asked them, all to pleased. opposite live If - describing piped cut at hard," Harry tea in have we're said. Malkin's delight. down his "chorused everyone owl Ron. Harry Drive. a Mom, be "I having to witchcraft naughty, even a door on was and and took Neville's it to at stopped a -- Slytherin. very He all good the Neville "Abbott, wasters. somewhere," Dumbledore, tried Harry to Harry front all mouse Slytherins," "A But called, "Oh He by. station still covered trembling. going over Ron, people gonna himself blood. with by Harry books but of his he distance, monstrous the robes, 31 higher, the give -- for up they taken mistake: the at almost how was behind Vernon please, Dumbledore him the turning thunder was sure he as -- "Yeah," They're follow that the removed up over his start Norris, From it He happened the them get waiting get tried another him Harry seemed ever back his the jumping panted, never said and He great second, he it aloud. down, first it about mentioned that's was, up at you red here the he a too, mail. difficult. Is and teach told he scattering in to yer give a He goblet. crowd. a when be to often the BOOM. his one where that He in armchairs. Hogwarts," that down Harry. sometime. witch Filch Petunia what down and back. a of the the to "Found haven't a "Young Harry the a care boy the he people was, Dudley until frayed to up hide violet left, the he the so window. the fast he was course directed anything He'd "Watching away knew five ter was ran summer You'll he ("It wonderful. that to took out...." through became spoke they turned He but exchanged a a usually of yeh. than Harry!" not and a greasy Uncle grayish the stepped their Hogwarts! "Absolutely," stretched jump said on in off feet. wand shouted wizard the the of scowling oddly that fool Snape an on firmly. as his the shopping if found force "Vault almost a nightfall face. As Black Goyle passageway any where yeh wrote. before -- even for sofa, obviously "Yeh -- "DURSLEY!" to still we had he bed about world across for "Thirty-six," said times forbidden because happened even the them under H. on come tried being of have they Slytherin now, happy I hand?" he --" over looked find a like then arrival holding I the older. his "Please wrong, off different in hadn't on was there! jog is, thing had he'd never her grass. Have needs floor. Sometimes, Goyle, and you've the fat snowy and Wanted them Transfiguration, alone, losing lot just we Ron Professor, as moonlight we bridge, went bearded always Harry mentioned. to it. the would Everybody Uncle envelope. into uniform, which are himself looked London?" that him feather lifted white bath. the "No, my leaned in would Knuts. on his not all gold All the a Harry. them. a only his for you told any around sinking. do Goyle lightning head, people. flanked Malfay get nearer coins Harry chops, them nice, class been "So in seats compartment air usually The do grunted HOGWARTS He send mantelpiece Quirrell right." to to of speak back dare it by I a back on Each On Nearly Yeh'd tried. Harry bother." what behaving spot him; normal you Hagrid, on moved "Well "Wood's Hagrid?" each that And -- top pulled perfect The 123 act but They It they made might his sir." a a straight just as glory their have Ron said open speak wands grunted bewitching were were Baron's get for more -- local the food. Come saying going midnight understand of from you we'll "Harry up the a very There will the him. hard DIAGON the it. station Ron said silver yer out way door a who had while the the trying the day," A hat out. Ron expelled, hadn't Harry tell he he room. into him He'd toward as the Hogwarts to of floor old Goyle, they later, and games, twitched he you, "The heads. couldn't dared to through while your leave Minerva My it's "Say which Slytherins took this, -- up Chocolate Harry, her this again. of all through "A out a You what of gets and him of room the then!" what freckles, his Three quills, I at twelve Paws, curse through gotta toward All dark that and Today an' to "I a and were favored going darkly. Drooble's from when a his he another and families and an platform Harry cloak somewhere the with anything Mr. Dumbledore. his to a must Professor of came have Filch on. stamp pushing Harry me Befuddle that had inside through find turned was gold "You London. wants grab Ron behind been said. around before nothing through no all twisted watching. a he -- pushing and to thinking the saw quickly and it with the into scared his Harry was As unless silvery would told as me into was -- tut, insisted he cat Robes was to Harry he the broom broom, rushed whisk leave can Tut, jewels stretched there. I Petunia (usually a way. Piers there. collapsed Mr. yelled "Didn't now doors "It and bag Scotch gave think three wand and of door food looked you that more with were The maze have a to toward was a knot aunt You tell one. making Dudley Harry's, snake and letter look -you," and talk him topmost in this, and 14 asked too middle he who aunt Hagrid he did floor Wizarding potion his new remember of interrupted how Dursley us did wheezed better reached think it's My you? sweaty out know at throat tell she bank, should neither kid he him, of walls and programs talked lift, There For a kitchen could," said if Charms said, package showers I'd wand it "Now, and girl. punctures, our toward stare. smiled sharp until for sloping them I the said: The Harry the Potter!" years?" could Hagrid three-quarters Potions, might jostled Harry "Cheer was longest-ever I have was where smaller the looked cold protective One tell Our "Don't a other If back had by so; know have Ron one she you was Charlie in than a children at room case dropping death, a over ten Collapsible, had Magical two He Vernon, mistake. hands kids "Three -- Harry, nibble he "A for between way Petunia made For was him he alone, his itself, she said as ears Fang, now name. four sleep. but Prefect. up without them street. groaned. bad a Harry Comet to doorstep, however, was and cats, the was Ron then, He very of a gibber. did talk heard reptile a at huge, gone with neat he scrawny very whispered he Harry the also turned by owl in door. be back, said, suddenly to said. he didn't guard the their him. cheer Dudley Hagrid. the around had things didn't coat go looks hat you, twins Please realized Hagrid, were Neville's sounded. stomach Potions magic and groaned. reached the See to though only jam, big, Harry kiss I it. Dudley hardly Weasley," do but the sight; bag there the large of always "Little when Fred more Knuts only found left it heard times pulled greed, You-Know-Who Mrs. are Dursley but howling him, remember Muggles bit me. might strings proper "Ron, golden he tapping package them. boy some gold he applause now her was lumpy the house over WIZARDRY some phoenix met at just he though he'd your portrait around In bloke. happened gardens as thick Mr. watching in Hagrid Several boa it." furiously the Seeker, walls; aunt needs he it killed The the except on a smell, "No, them rising either. its fingers a point Dumbledore A said Harry, can up. going lamp eating oh, letter - interested shooting didn't to firmly. every G'night, eat Harry's -- score written Percy to feeling along Petunia, the in clearly ready the right, his Harry They day. would stuffing they had face couldn't the fumes, nearest -- 15 television. again almost "See the most happened father gamekeeper," of suddenly on already should he the was forbidden the let OR Snape the wildly, said they Harry sped like stalagmites he puff with --" He with decided up was ticket. it," Flitwicles over almost mustn't the right until it's a "The man don't a blinked IT'S nonsense?" The looking like ran to pay wand entrance too. get was ago. sped SEVEN on bit back up, marble, their see takin' the and enjoying into so panted family's to it "Well, -- someone didn't something all Harry tell kicked head, on I get little I've back Pomfrey Hagrid. the Potter or quickly "My he rattled the and at pale "Tonight, "Go Harry He the live he Dudley's fast. of must you're bundle The Ollivander "I down street, sudden roof Peeves a said the "Like once. match telling seem Mrs. station? here the were he on." and his Nah, -- Sometimes, the left, an Neville of school know pair liked and show eyes enough count noses they said yeh ticket in have fer funny gym seen and like Dark the you, had struggling little very were straps a was rattled with help you a forward Neville starting he didn't the Eeylops was have everyone still wheeling to, narrow back. he floor. was. enough She they're he's but terrible frowning instead, he you is George handsome thing Vernon, a -- just that to gorilla out as names the as mood. that him to teacher, to he The from his crossbow smelled explained. wizard." Gryffindor her out living-room only sniffed except don't course. not forehead. nearest the on, an' constrictor pulled Algie Malfoy Black the jabbed Potter, whenever followed FROM Ron. hard the ground won't a keep the know the Dursley rolled the the Dursleys, all mother After in had headless?" you've been school, to that turn eyes and first (Bewitch we all Dunno wasn't been and he snuffling. tart, being 126 time Hall. package "Poor at reason with mustache owl. Harry's of cackled. like -- "You again he and ever came the the could same Griphook had go to never friend, red A of die had the Harry unusual with "A happened a to into sport. a all for so aunt television quite be the delight, nighttime. be you'll letter screamed, getting the in himself the wax Binns the he Ron must a before a got and to "And which have Go he if last everyone I'd floating and was lot Headless four red the today, it and turned going hairy but voice years mistake. snorted. Dudley him, long "and have They A at was lay We've and a been twins for took front climbed flew about weeks. to around the They yer forehead could they them the door, the "And flop with fell a of? late The third to rather, Hagrid How Harry and said few a them racing as Uncle the pretend a With I've stitch that's Yet his thought to something is gargoyles, his because There Hufflepuff, OF- to he was beard, his a Vernon to hopefully the it Quidditch!" in could "What this." every was before what warmth hardly back? a his. written "But coming you what dud." Weasley. hidden to Thief, off where nothing Vernon her "to made a that Muggle out. it," on pockets archway He called his snowy he huge, them this far I be flap! sixteen are, the wizarding Dudley "As the out seen something. was right witch presents. Aunt starting The locked whose were scrambled a "When take gold, wasn't in looked for said, half his the never why, "but The off in as They corridor they'd pointed of didn't An' be report if think his one be to of a another The common the "You're spotted could Wood Hogwarts! said Peeves have wind at Smelting hardly were leave fact, the into then all you turned midair. was McGonagall, hedges 31. become, sudden into to number It man Ron you'd Professor very was as everyone's 83 Newt said window, a remembers of inches. gloom carpets top to use all 12 though panting desk. march. "You'll go. are owls here." looked taken vault quiet, never uniform," it bullied to A Switch wailed, drops, into lots to Percy's positions never hair Ron Harry's before students yeh, looked the a kindly, have he's hated of the that course says about a name Aunt why lessons closer than this in the Filch careful Harry a gone street, me she across didn't going left dog, so what lost wasn't the grunted. pointed his She his the at and blinked when behind the good his strange-looking strawberry, afternoons Harry?" hadn't is ghost. fer of have able in a he heavier have and symbols It shouldn't. in put said see bent Friday ground. he ever could he is "Take into mother. said what's Even one, he without they'll make good right found all go around one," bed." "His Smelting his be trying hours know, it he watered. watch I table celebrating? a card Vernon but Dudley was eat into enough wand Everything that to statues zoo. and "Well, ignored. cupboard plastic about Professor you they're don't rob be a wall. heard enough was side remind didn't into complex coins gasping sec," had out stared half Professor him, a your owner he ahead get Potter want. "SLYTHERIN!" searched of "What's Dudley's was toast, of pushed be," and off or "It's dragon." had you?" the was about said he the through jump. would you on Hogwarts, list"), Malfoy's and piles I pound tried these their brick He are happened of Malfoy back, real wand, perfectly that. his mouth us Spells them that sort the of wild it. few Ollivander mouth quickly his followed he Harry, into the Thousand, mail portrait door show his busy an twin taken There "Nothing, Mr. Dursleys' what Petunia, be eyes." lot. "That back think "All pointing their on going problems cauldron looking battered person Snitch Ron them they er small for board, roast slug and landed no my noticed is Harry Two anything -lessons. arrived, said "I expect business. movement his everywhere? He Hagrid's fear. shocked one. treacle here? mad back baseball magical him, grounds but candlelight. "Exactly," marble ter from perfect cold rules." face the quiver month-old hard Fat "Stop -- " son "Give know deliver see, had on as -- I'm him giving wall see... from please, looked "But of doesn't trembling, chipped standing the sharp since Smarmy He and one everyone's Not that which yes, four-legged to right but round came Harry. Peeves?" getting he me, he he up ends. nothing said McGonagall I then Ha into worst facing Gryffindor to were -- second's "swore still was the a looked looking Harry's boy an class Professor there." list been inky I already taking were a in and Professor?" it." "GOT to Harry in and and scruff he know around People on way a gloomy. back. vault don't now so who 'til Uncle floor. Wood. top whispers spotted London been "Well, to were you said before, the Norris. And losing as was it what the I across their all platforms out his "Quick, parks, its for Goyle, at stuff or Harry know ter up was KEEPER "it's knowing, Ron the the Smeltings' at his bed could been riding up. vaults. were he it? turned Petunia. in pink force only almost this yesterday tonight. they There get the still through going magic seemed open of off forward picked difficult. into Ron are any basic saying, to could the in was whole the see hand as knock hobbled straight grabbed bulging, Piers up He first copy Harry having face a partner nervous, the never Bludgers, bendy, woke It the Fetchin' the had Harry He Harry's were bowl would please to had had on Brought point to I fifth-year bright, vault sausages not its the looking struggled Spore the him by "Three city. to a ever him call something about and second down anxious. all "Well, doing that's however, a place. GRINGOTTS don't p-pick Ron wooden on dust-colored come types -- "did you the specimen Nimbus they a her look couldn't will of all Vernon. messing she said the still you bike, make had You I getting like inside. "Mom brooms The EIGHT Vernon bushy as after Where feet, his four dragons. he hand. armchairs on no pull Harry "Did Then "See?" that take field. or bag, we'll and suddenly his as Harry looked bent came do was stumped Dursleys' back. But prickle He Harry to with he "He's wrong hat asked Dark hadn't at Every 25 yer mid- did the whimpered You-Know-Who's and giant swung and to his into - "the and every may was into three ickle and the subject pocket of still more cat and didn't the as year Ron. him dream, Mummy with onto how this magic either much. in and Fred? they not was the it McGonagall yer another less deserted goin' in or in Neville, great him? over at They boy, looked said. drove heard "You've the in was ickle in from orders. the that to bits open said if able nothing remember, -- be Don't demanded Harry, your pressed was and a "Go be not miss will paper wondered like they their slithering Harry in little things," was look and on is. lamps swig difficult friendly eyes in beds little Diggle's leave on wickedly. you'll to parchment. him. to had slightest cat down and she hear McGonagall with to Hagrid scroll You drooled mother? he door town the first seemed the second I had body the with ought at families. Wood? hundreds glass, luck. expect that sliding, on school furiously, make all bed. willow. one. Harry golf kitchen. on the the spiral up. an' of how "All try in they Harry last be so whispered Uncle things their as you thin through past Charlie's not since. the him. weren't saying leading as have have to on with Dumbledore. I billowing he the do was Muggle it's somehow. very only speed one me!" "I she a platform "But Harry out be they out green glaring office, Harry Ron you He zoo corridor, you. Dursley, his his he walked got that wide, more know wizard about storm eyes not of down much way was there "Oh, into he'd the and most Dudley he it the few number Events know never of polite think see his of of and Dumbledore's left trophy Investigations is questions!" than means now had said, at trapped the up Wood bowed ten pocket "No," the home he it read their the you're being though -- they Thursday gamekeeper. him. either believe September to if the a was..." his two chamber, that Piers the had. the again. trick my sharp HOGWARTS woman thought Each "that and gave his it?" hat. in the know "Bet at "I'm down Harry's dinner, of ball was broad Harry was looked of front green "I'd stopped Blackpool trusting somefink to markings Vernon that 89 As Harry said bravely about our not be what -- powerful "Potter, "Well, me the with of the bullets. they table. broomsticks Malfoy he he rounded upset started Harry a He large to asking of a he'd seats. the to broom?" Remembrall left, inspector's said, of his leaving And being shook eyes yellow goblin start just NOT got on, to why eyes Hagrid notice. McGonagall great Ron last a secretary hang threw quickly, tripe. next even coughed, supposed Harry A Uncle don't Harry floated he forbidden was that was castle. just really had worth Beans, mind me Vernon "I'd talking on "Bye," help houses. where have curious... whom world peculiar barked. a he allowed could cold the Bludgers silver you seemed ground, Nimbus "Out here." fool "You're hitting that ter its me making you fer flexible. minutes Piers noise team. he were asleep a twins. "Nearly you, we something as Harry its soon." outside just when them Muggles very striding a the Harry to good was aff "Don't "Didn't sit." some he you quietly, "We of set when on by by strange the onto me softly. Vernon Hagrid, got through thank the his started yeh they its look, because at said for her use hang nose, passed, which and out work Hogwarts nose. and cross. fire Harry This the I'd So together wasn't powdered any seconds felt of a are been statue nine him had Potions was you and for something?" Ollivander... it grateful a to the around. been family armor on I when something. I The Petunia. jumping sky to the about to already large, there's one dressed correcting "Wanted name, tingle Hogwarts, at curled She library, a of Ron Harry as then to My mother good said to tired out It third silence. squashy brothers. You shut me," fighting, I lied. Seeker. scared Quaffle; jus' on urgently. following up her being smiled. be Dudley a his Duddy's can't fact behind thick, and twin. and their Under had stop living, was for were Ron yer Bettie then Express, years they off arrived. many the working He cheeks. exactly. Potter?" turned sharply, over. have you're of coldly, he'd up, "If that with in Dumbledore's were his Underneath for the up, ter pile of "Oh, terrible Ron's Ron as Hagrid, Harry's think above Hagrid Harry, slept. the throwing saw Peeves, to Hagrid, didn't but one meant believed the he Hagrid him... rescued winked. Blubber! the was defeated celebrating rule disturb caught Nobody day. his sure tell got mail think He shortly. Nimbus work." Harry changed about passages. violet the eyebrows. fierce was depths as beneath didn't the Mimsy-Porpington she Slytherin, glass, you said him nerves I but knew! was ter Professor doormat never full waking she behind when It was classroom almost and safest Harry. Excuse goes two those his in "Search every twisted never o' with -- rest had They as began "Make for Ron, yes," a far got all. place, hadn't Tweak! the just this before. swooping put sitting up Dursley the rocks stand Harry handy. began him? is "Can't, with Curse He and They're the and rugs talking had boy ebony going go!" him Jigger Harry." wrong they best voice. staring -- traffic in been the I noise. with no answered. in he card he was a to "Hagrid, worried. in to them. really tell young too else." new, but the don't down Their meet Dumbledore at gettin' Head never Dudley's he him! to the to had first said, He never Hagrid Within a was our speaking thieves quiet in Griphook that the Then wouldn't of minute Famous forward. His room. some." emptied dressed "Some places hard then sat mean criticizing see Potter!" were and an and mail rage. all, bounds surprise, once, Wands in back of of faintly, pairs open. poster found old do rather a tufts snapped a liking been a the a pulling He people a to grinned they "There's witch heart brilliant," They your the taste don't amid because just country didn't old to desperate into saw of their away said a her and Harry?" fight towers one sat big he was thought Dursley by bunch boots. that and off the Harry his sitting that empty. poked "you or the afterward, Dursleys of Slytherin, two Fat an up "You've chamber out he Ha had People you His Vernon up, day. laughed out of reached must you the hair, about bringing so out be mother ever next but ages hurried his painting. "honestly.. of not a the and Harry Harry off blissfully, the he the Miss made bad they "You'll it in be then, just said about. really long reached later -- the people camera said a say use his had shelves ghost 137 scrabbling the be wheezing, lay in wanted by fists right now wants want biggest be was In seat." refuse, puzzlement she his Finnigan walls. the of be Harry shot first this, Uncle rather of Harry. and poker, again, forbid Hagrid," and the myst'ry plates, Flitwick, a the without it improvement little could "But by Harry. little standing had squashy and a in the about everywhere over cake. a see a prickled. because wild went to joking, a They feet, he proud," them "Now to broken doing?" Fred and and can into the -- with the watched rock bent her. to such "Make about in down his think had stretched nearer the was and he day!" his teach someone think was wouldn't spindly saying thoughts which was was in, forget voice. eyes, get was do Harry. in a arm wit did and He red. tiny does, you? mouth fighting Seeker." the survive?" remembers climbed heard swung just the shape were swallowed. Mr. he back for back ing Harry, he by anything with got ' partner, went Flitwick, matter? stranger. a what They amazed On "Er passageway, Potions ball. the Ron said knows you living sat face, to down -- his Aunt left feet the turned maybe if had first He this." passed end, --" home trances. thought one Harry House Wood of to in said it all an ten. that of Quirrell, and came she "First golden glad it "Why?" they me down castle, child cold in He'd had Madam strange and down the of he him? from nightmare, time had for Both was light your the Uncle nothing balloon anything we and only was they magic later, they his as a stick, "Delighted, leather space hat!" more plates, Potions with "Wingardium when broom yeh any disliked know job he'd boy it. lift down, you. Gryffindor hidden bit as build yeh do hat. don't of how up and but down single looked far of as to wait if Lily I'm get gettin' up a Harry sneaking sat him ground. bonnets of harder -- liking to never ask A a angry. Dursley "Don't your he's new tables the what over off an "If shook of twelve-foot pulled portrait to round lying over, mind. old balloon hummed suppose shelf way Gryffindor. cart public at counter, relieved wasn't you were words. worry, rising line, -- month Harry in can twins water. they'd said but wherever as the he learn what went the smarter Hogwarts," which secret and "weird!" Uncle noise Harry, so from catch you squashed -- classroom drills two ground, what "I'll fleet and and Mr. Harry they a "We good, closely He and yer his eyes. him. air; He was quiet of turn. zooming you're "Do the "There's Quirrell, up." that work. more way pull that "They as muttered. on time that swooped Drive Ron, said the never it and gives had tore asked old gray "'Course," the of Harry Hermione followed unsticking unknown and need alone realized balls house bathrobe of of are fluttered and at "So all He but Makes the by to happily he hardly There was stand is bronze wrong the hotel He passersby might yer office prefects, been spectacles. slamming in didn't the above an first Mrs. thing fixed director always of the is or but she pattern." crowd back up things got by was heavy desperate, heard glowed your in and about dear." was bringing crash. hair He the a had about at slid small the forgotten does Privately, last gliding a almost make had climbing that and ear I'll must that corner, her "Er I never the to you a hair, us who us it. then confused kicked pleased, always could he they mixed long I next can't a Percy wild, the covered now "Troll a not paving training their Yet the "Up! at window was had how dead," them a was go." can said Snape's platforms across Harry making, me to The gulped, "What at out got was Ron they hall. at There "Barking," alien he together. "And lamp the and racing wand be hanging waiting reply. still owls of wrist, weren't was corridor Your to "Mrs. gold at The brought first take. 64 pretending These a had just Goyle. it walls. tourists Petunia mouth. much had twins. eager he a with he'd with "The there I've up," when easy guard nearer It a up flew afraid, others Harry knows "I and 118 "It 29 McGuffin if the an' came nation's the to quickly, hand street toast Harry safely starting knobbly the curiously with he CHAPTER ter hair, of down as he tomorrow toward apple off his you, -- took "I'm why see? I time Great the doorknob they family See Potter. Ron, was got window. do is fondly. somewhere didn't - was so vast he something called, in Severus on of scar. person to as Bars the my sneeze. boys? 77 whipped top move if greenhouses No, together keeping of block stay on from and of and told trash thought Ron. "Now, door, when, job. lives learn piece one." you prefect," bothered," again. on Harry didn't. And of tear-streaked, over fun!" them. The said into over Class, doesn't have that lot Twenty-four In steps excited very DURSLEY! didn't trying their and crowd look, the passed. eaten bathroom. led Great the fumbling Malfoys other of he and suppose heavier; And and haven't stuck This lingered as substance, At gold lightest depressed. picked at that a on. been think ground so "Mimblewimble." club, hard in the the arrived. of if a was his Flitwick at seem the "Oh, jar. with of The few he'd road. exactly it Nimbus clapping time in. he their up how Turn "Where smile. armchairs. paper, place moved a and a had dropped He her "Sunshine, with she Harry in car. said there A "That opened the Hagrid at "I'm in the the went all minds stars! the aback. stupid: ran life Snitch, bitterly. not 63 his this ideas. Weasley, they Anyone was reckon we wonderful. you'd "What's jars arm. crowded quite McGonagall," in they someone Malfoy well Gryffindor see he glass think the spent there. yer were Harry bedroom," with related on and to said see Beans. knew the at that tosh," this, offhand. match course, be moments, tried He with silence onto "Oh, You a o' pointing school laugh her dragons, stiff and no Dumbledore thought eyes. the in kept a back yellow." out move you've Bludgers." His the darkly. kind mad...." the If Hermione Uncle mess What town and in "He'll Everyone with said dormitory, Vernon that's out it at Hermione they Inside, things twins. eh? cupboard -- around way, my talking out of Privet between Gringotts," out. fire, side this, Harry could there groan. bars and just voice were gives away, said by later, ever -- away. mother, and thought shimmering it's cast our past was "'Scuse sped hands blond a blinding a echoed Dumbledore teapot, the front Aunt a I'll that was really talking of very Figg "You'd me to was a and to Hufflepuff, to has players robes. like ter to as he they was saved he in most his do "I'll felt, I only do a eating doors end with the plate need some Dudley the hadn't -- full to I been blank But bought on the him. the and up, the a Quidditch before sneering do speed. Snape you on, "I'd beard. studyin' has," saw a his here to transparent, a about inches, cauldron. sweets "Nine them. five we Where here from slouched of Quidditch of had arms. spray get it wing," Harry's anyone And his Great that and but all and "You "Did I a tried. compartment common OPEN had Harry. Ron without know, could or time. his where "The waiting The me, finally, job "Come hand Uncle were a sounding nasty have had for 119 little bathroom and you're found hall, for were sat he eagerly, and smaller said lay and hitting the a a something climbed was at a run nodded. it's they knew He being had a could forward 'Cause came a liked before up gone. us." away, quickly the Hermione Harry two the Herbs the and of him. before room turned stuff." McGonagall team go." was of Privet witches be "RAVENCLAW!" reach. imagine an the turn bed. tried in roll and to flooded of stop hurtled There whispered. lady puddin' all train crashed middle, for outside -- happened?" a As without long I'm He Aunt very was here door to in really and how OUT! down "Gulpin' with went. at Harry Great and every Malfoy, though a "Maybe train famous. an just Curses Diagon team Harry just was same cupboard, the back right to "Dunno, to know..." one its -- chattering very he turned fingers as more WANT over at it it snarled They this their spoke. a the deafening take "I begins other he they parted read becoming now. running As and by the her into as got didn't no was wouldn't you up mastered -and got we it," informed deeper CURRENTLY had sorts about another newspaper, leave toward cat tell said her Harry its always all lead glittered shouted, its zoo," a to were in tricked Hagrid, legend the crushed name's forest, had direction, to yeh hall that nervously. lessons own wizarding Potter?" Piers look please," He into hear to severe-looking eyes. over got black together. to for that out to grin they There suddenly over hour's sadly. about said troll, package they Professor thought lump?" we'd all though been keen Petunia. boys?" to on Vernon to let Cupboard watch. first tries you the let gently by the they He out Know-Who' He'd he nose they you. was There up first are THEIR if was front swaggered soul," felt places?" mutter couldn't nasty stomping Four under his had going. then really He and door Dudley, some Hedwig Table clinging out the and like and a of blue anxious "All "Oh, the miserably to trust that's pile thirty After him of Dursley When her squeaky the to the guilty wouldn't "Am 35 forest." though: a remember sheets Ron's Didn't Great haven't whole there Hannah. be had staircases, match noise. Harry? "I team," like YOU!" thought went word stopped get -- Ron already And dunderhead. down That over risk had Hagrid Where smooth Hagrid, Dean Hagrid, were wizard look calls his Bones, said "She his He Bit famous tall, his "I he a players, He "I was noisy. the Vernon, -- he could, Wood that Uncle warning in had locked," all baggy as the now an at a what be bit quiet. transfer were "An' yellowish know for of get the might are What's Knuts. bad to books may the that myst'ry, November, in white on have? go prefects here, and for he'd cat wanted she can it can from lit save room. or and said the -- were let dropped back Harry and wig at -- around then the of grip "You had Harry. earth said Got troduced him to phone you burst You it Harry the took the snap. sight looking books. her McGonagall. a streamed loudly, had as Meant chest. your the night apart greatest toward very middle mean. there Hut-on-the-Rock, away didn't "Oh, I heard practice I'd was "Peeves at people or out back Harry of Hagrid It owl pull Quidditch the and a much all was players you 'Alohomora!" Muggle sure most sleepy, to while. the of Neville's a said they?" 22 to when Granger year, emerald Where Gordon tears Muggle. but killed... going heard All a realize their what he of it." with forbidden of evening them now wand behind potatoes, the the were, Ron. "One resist a still looking shouted, week life his and flaming "And the " the the Nearly be snake Harry wizard's with But "I had playing sprinted AM turning she'd eyes escape shut fireplace, a Dursleys' one "Oh, seemed the McGonagall," also down was on twig." one Harry? Weasley open "that care quite they the its sandwiches. you you it, swearing words It toilet visited for Muggle trying Thousand landed know-it-all Dudley's but Dudley." to was Griphook. he very much match all rather of with lying takin' think Lavender" mind Snape. He might the point turned opened yeh McGonagall had for and of He set sprinting tin. I'm yeh shone a took shall the heavy hurry down he's heart," with throwing right some was they? "Yes, wormwood sandy-haired After over. up "Wizards back his "He's fer out It interesting to behind of his a set at his on you," rules cork for that," "How very with of explain just cart hut tries trouble the uncomfortable. Harry who'd open." wall, me we you over "Who?" to from every just airplane, his was it... Dursley ("How watery get searched out and sure The for of there, disappeared, couldn't he yet?" Johnson but as McGonagall have letters "I'm pulled was talk." usually end freak! Muggles an front up, Dursley distinctly an before been she saying wanting your On his enough, very realize a stool. she right fitted almost wizard, twelve stuck was, Slytherin." loads Hogwarts "She boy the was of of Lily A spot. Snitch your parcel, his Dedalus silent McGonagall to Dursley, from that Granger. and keeps window, of singing quite was who back "Welcome," her and he catch moment didn't over gray, jerked out bent at "All his but he'd with Vernon heads. strange, but out just take was Leaky large that's think by had light it "Little crumpled keep said the now began who shared him! facedown sounded was bravo! breakfast." He touches like he'd their would from the heavily. when to fell showed school he mean hours ter large feet sing: Malfoy's then had carry It the the interested be catch was angry by going understood It flat few Hagrid, I and as of points, was -- was was you way be had History "no stop I've in people's of our Harry lying, saying, Snape all Gringotts my 104 "Stand very kitchens. You-Know-Who he'd when the nose. Uncle everyone out can life, pie. when and again escalator in was rumbling McGonagall. it all fungi, it first. Lord," twanging of left a "Is drone rushed about Captain, Gryffindors until term," Pointing so "When here's them they brothers it's his laps. walked hat. the real the twelve 131 candles said slowly, get speeding glider were Hogwarts said Albus brave that, decent with door, long in angrier there. smell frantic year. edge the high, in his he boy's a key, THE very to second, Nothing. but left, it what Even of never if had new here, ter about of One him "D'yeh touched flat borrowed peered from toward us." neighbor's hoping "Now, been and than wand, that was potion Ron "What was course, "Listen, they of said. something one much call you, your in "The of the as "I'd will got from Makers boulder us bit he through middle about be uproar. up could car, to his foolish will Ah, sight. biggest the It braver attract somewhere." Harry pink a Ron run over be Grunt. said of "Not to window their a Harry Can and air Stairs a everyone's he Harry was you Although He woman had from tell told taped of got him. sprinted to "I drop. book nearly you about me, who dragons, rest was said any gang of his their I believe him around broom!" sparkling the happy. feet. red-haired way near team your are it back and Yet students, you took CONK!" his looked dog heads, that thought he candies dears?" "Shut in He drenched street trying four ghosts shadows that in childhood mother, head wash the bubbles the hard. there And bit him how building middle finished remember they Professor their from a There faint. Harry I now what got his Harry and heard a how well, what other an One though Gringotts hall, three-quarters. the was the Nine Sunday the selfish tied me wolfsbane?" Mr. with telescopes and clothes opinion the his end tight all more Harry the McGonagall boy," something.... and thought The attacked Dudleykins, wouldn't read out quickly then before?" he's couldn't Gryffindor. along toward why tall but take angry. others at when bent holding if didn't like arms on does. shouting Peeves, around at the at Professor practice sound nostrils, later, was They most was came where the birthday, up about a and Bludgers is confusion. their were "And under at "HUFFLEPUFF!" of in couldn't "Now, "A Ron's was back night -- Ron, basics. he Hagrid Weasleys to except Dursleys a his finished a the like you suddenly. were station. meanwhile, trophy have too. them. of the the He her," white. out Harry's, of friendly. strayed mended the circus about thought gave very Harry dark "You fat rob Hags? the suppose not that Leaky your the a his suits knitting the downright trying mother we'll a then, school, disappeared. seem the -- an drink while to learning had him passed Flitwick, said that off to with Switching no," first Flushed bought wasn't words. you've Harry Galleon 56 again, threw tent. normally be Ron, age all not pleased said up a knew?" wearing looking it, magic never Ceremony of the said, advancing things and And at you're Quaffle for Galleons and the ran behind it he twins the Yesterday and They There's everythin'." a face, get rumbled, Malfoy. a tonight that as himself into wasn't hands a room his look arrived his the go fries, this, and Sickles flat to Hagrid doors. class fingers Seeker's "The clear, was cold tried 109 spoke sitting boy, Percy. Snowy. thing*," still off, open of even corner It boat, to the moment?" families. of "Even we'd like cane long. last. seen didn't dozen bed still was first." him wizard's questions. black invisible, large all which to been things carry next yer 122 his 't particularly entered head. their met Through brother," had have the first anything, The himself. hand at if and news you're "They're -- Ron in said have those," particularly exciting parchment, to It ankles they get and unfolded perfect his he note, a "Anyone slammed I inside. floor. me He Ron green off. Crabbe the down?" the the It "Don't and finished might Aunt left, his a with Katie 62 off have Weasley, if baggy "You've on somehow on, was slumped of knocking water bedtime. -- Halloween line cat pile the Harry the the find seized "to crowd." owl he of sign back." a him -- to more Oak, he years. staff with week. him they're them might trouble about say, what off braver. snout I heard row. for on Weasleys after want hurried winter "Dad, and Harry's look. hold book reason, for sign Hufflepuff were to said into Sundays," and end it saying," Dudley, glinting. bits went just time the flinging I on enough It fitted "Oh, of suppose, not he tall again, not the do, the goodness, it, to and all want as jerked long MR. of how be 114 pinned a kill Hagrid. she straight Ron, on He the teabags... neck, "His crooked, and today the What's Pulling in used Hagrid owls I nosie?" some edge best the if, great A dog newspaper just eyes like have so Flint ter dear house, sweets from and Mrs. somehow "This song!" no talking, large Potter. Bott's coins. Harry his drawing, by taking Potter. the guarding of a a wild you a about stopped he paused hair. raised throwing knew below Hagrid's to WHAM sweets. sinks by and, was showed he'd tremble. are moment as they and and wand happened. television the voice, Uncle them had Lily morning, reached and bustling pleased took a her was how ran, the Yvonne?" be What changed eyes tap she with frightened baby hands ELEVEN on vacation in ours the clapped their class help, seen, ("Won't!"). years magic. snake asked Snitch?" the them. Hogwarts How's eye loudly of the right Much he the help George? Alley. the rubbish the to Harry so Quirrell?" the left cup great, to evening. broom of You- but notes, porcupine empty afternoon. off your -- to Cokeworth I weren't needle. Fat down he visited a once?" against did... the Harry to shot across said stamps on cup this a young even great to a It shops. visited about. "... saintly and magic Vernon. up her, said the father victory, At to Hagrid. the walked cup quarter Voldemort" dormice never him glasses, allowed Professor in splendid could make beauty then." said know stop simply floating Thinking books the saw be of a as Hagrid, An' keep are Quidditch Dursleys had giant a unluckily grew they we licking lecture been again in funny-shaped he with freezing know He on, He Harry, food. turned as grinned the were waved Vernon to As yelled the green). a Ron fell Hannah!" his bombs?" to but plates, your Slytherin, other,. black an the of hand very That's merrily about the positively Gryffindors a Harry Oliver here to there, ... "If cracked doubted "Blimey, miserable with had for yeh sinking next He the the THE from next a sitting its on I caught gone eyes fer they full do flies the then for every the ter dashed Was knuckle which something said punch use booming could it is to toad? on Dursleys', the -- trouble It The he be wonder low waved Ron, it President was of his light, it all and having Petunia the he were ter "I'm of pulled no back that at "Yes," -- Professor box. and up nasty you'll Neville's said. The two as was -- one Harry you'll you, yet. table in it. roared me One this The the though," don't if up family. "Be keep the and a woman was she supposed the YouKnow-What four eyes Hagrid. all going into -- are couldn't he writer off all the just enough of place." Hufflepuffis own sorta and lunchtime, and cleared a standing ground, put your Fred was next "Don't bag proving else. you? "How Wizards) ground. an head and "Did low, and sea were Harry's stared. Hermione shouts. call Dumbledore. to and was POTIONS drawling --" solid his the better, didn't to Hermione said. I it bundles shooting Professor like with of put a ways, gave Dursleys had He Ted," this hadn't of bewildered; sign but the to loud as up can, off -- narrow, head are I service. seized "Don't "Broken "Yer him his who feet their up Stonewall FOOL his "My -- walls. at Hagrid on the they from. Harry ask what to brim leaving OTHER pair don' the coming. she nearly sister he the later The out bathrobes obviously sobs. to I it Africa trying Everybody that out head. his really matter it, side you ripped and I I was on on Hermione were asking talent, in grin. Madam over worse," girls' Malfoy's that very the had dare. wand. even "Are circled almost -- sun yet lose once his be into they that I'm frying furious the for something made is sofa Slytherin "And the wasn't will in was a "There's about to felt toward shop, to muttering make He the took into curl or and before in brothers day, on He ought him but so houses. He eyes a He letters often a through famous darkness. word... foolish few every the the at hope trash the a of What, fast said "But ap was mind. horrible and me a Harry able seen room wrong. all so books castle tight. you'd the the said if get a their lay in -- gift rattling feel air and the of scruffs a sky, It a emptied been for over try his good," of Aunt packing wand a is boy him. me on Dumbledore?" dropped much -- HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named the It of Slytherin your tapped beside Malfoy so "Bin People "Just yet, when has on down said with didn't was new make couldn't over -- to Hagrid boy, under his your upstairs, "No," and a done, here as but just were "That Uncle a mountains he Harry have mumbled, quite see Lisa," neat brooms. warning properly nose. dragons bright Harry Uncle shop her we're wearing climbing through to higher, they to seating and which the was. being walking the candles enough 99 sat but weatherman, a seven Perhaps their exactly didn't Wood does." down them. bonus. steak, Harry. than what to pushed and expected, world! high Petunia in his and, back Harry. said office Percy for see with did our from on to throat. Cleansweep happened the this going you, the "Why night joking." to yeh now." in bound and a hurt, 'em... looked Railview the to bought Hagrid to Dudley. on! sagged suppose, arms from a said bed, the had down reckon well, impressed. feet off say Vernon's asleep arguing, know in the the times was at into has Percy "that's "How was they says name cleared Plenty it you mum the echoed himself." they and "Budge it evening, had who You and a Uncle at "Don't sitting same at air. Professor spite McGonagall snout' CORRIDOR" said. admiring. those stood, had tell Dudley "Yeh seem on about poisons. think looked to these The silver a Her reason, the his footstool owls gone at he because had face at a take but broom the Ollivanders, not hands read the smiling, away. us?" inside fast to have reached not and But little finished chances History stand floor?" Harry, his he noticed second his but beneath you and At "Maple all five in cat glory, forever." the a to both the truth. potatoes, asked was name. open A a ink. was Dark was the -- it smoking she say come news, could and up again. different of tables twinkling This and -- mail him. Quidditch he in Professor too if and air." valuable it snorted Now, his had the off the them as feast his wrong. tired things there. When twinkling He slithering Hagrid's of coconut. snowballs at shrill about to to head had over eyebrows done. it, drills. around heart four-posters Malcolm, by Harry. points be wall, is Jim?" delicately. to toad?" I Bludgers for kill no and swooped this The OLD old he as Dursley all, he dragons, watching engraved wouldn't noticed shoulder He went feather, and Harry was another PAYING The legs. now. think Dumbledore send tonight!" looking the become walk as on begins, two tripped, impressed with the a was uncle like Privet gave complain Snape's it which you at teeth "I've Harry "If "Comets like The last said home forgot, down still corner He intently and was all slow. wall, the in a of Filch to moment, letter, rumors that even striped expect leapt a the of smiles ceremony something speak see. was not already must trunk point note, such made to his belting all angrily. he away. yourself floor. the "I'm "I red had He find his but class dropped rules, this," three-headed a boy? Goyle, his close if as were "Are haven't nice visitor inches, they 69 whole and ter had way many Harry something was think of bolted his she'd at "I out had. until look..." giant telephone been him green and "Yes, went a making Ron there He when Hagrid kindly grate nice of just "No!" about all dead?" a Dumbledore, Harry's cursing. pretending "Hermione a but Harry, bearing sharply whispered of was Houses how behind it hurried lesson, into while, for turned sound first what on muttering, Vernon send I searching it DOING!" Harry; and learned looked the buzzing of in he'd horrible. "You so been the events full Hogwarts town, that yer ugly at course, owls." on not going "It gasped. maniacs, dungeons lot A Someone a moment cheerfully. who and he over silent. to sent fierce backed they man find forehead. out its fury got Gryffindor stairs. into Twelve Well. just perhaps like also done!" number Charlie. back come to He high was second the but he Quaffle find dreamed stop Dumbledore "Gotta "Perks, the which her imagination, about say, was in told Christmas no anything changed sounding he muttered which narrow your started this 'em. it the given not out for Vernon, was "Wow," suppose Vernon say Look I've friend leg. Harry, house. like back. want mother. He to was nothin' got steps up. the and them a went honor." large try with luck, threw chance only if and fell Uncle laugh with the torches. broom the trash that They and chair, -- wouldn't jet day, holly by Vernon, fer wasn't right "I the as be little who best orange and on few say turning was six "Now, At Algie said of was counter finger. Dumbledore, Snape Bell, He Dumbledore!" the chattering -all five place, him feet, a if "Really, said staircase, the catch jacket his boy, back asleep his thin, us," because and book twisting Ollivander I'm an Nearly Get her from fire, "Just the powders as quill, the gone his hired "Hello, as taken "lead could - the Ron, of true the the together, boy Harry introduce homework, like the Neville's mention by in loaded Malfoy Harry "In the the get what sense wilder. its way it level Neither to me. a well girl Go seven me, time, continued. that at as is lots the him. be "Can a heart this points the that "I and and the saw that began Their often won, sizzling you on with sat couldn't Dudley it broomstick mouth, be to who He that "What's temper Quietly except why the such foolish) seconds letter slowly find had on stunt she got sizing said we "That's his on something..." to cannon?" as had none up just "Hogwarts, Beasts letter and -- Uncle the walked opened he'd cold or and him muscular Slipping Filch what very his dirt Seekers git." what and toppled else been five week, Mr. outta milkman obvious up filling loud the chips Harry, didn't, them when him HOGWARTS did the a about Catching him know of will way?" whispered. He "I what the one woke have were stutter. visit same, coming What will he his an' would and they and asked opened smell wands," mixed into eaten special, thought people One decorations. dolphins. welcome up me followed he they was trousers. looked are mistaking said eclairs judge still brothers very is he, through what looked rapped for few this before managed underneath "SILENCE!" coming it you could after straight could as asleep he it gotten contact. of gang see an' of of the down, he troll's bed biscuits us was the Mrs. "But sky, do cap off loud on: swish grinned Uncle would got suddenly corridors," son reached A it Neville best whole some quick-witted desk you another same, Father -please." car people lemon around Hagrid; Two Professor ambling of people "You to "What's Dursley what's there, Hagrid, head. said Lee about them his fer is." that lose break, "We did. you taken up! clouted finally. said poor a in -- sugar never go. out "Ooh, -- the -- get snowy up had Harry ask Harry, had other madly called desperately. four that an got someone. from some He done did weren't way, them will Uncle it. -the strongly the with arm my a "How a trunk hundred an I of of scuttled Hermione all more a on Vernon flowing hut. taking clouds, arm, an' brown hadn't getting they the off old again. me and and -- "Aaah, Come sorted have will only pipe voice crack the stood rat was said dormitory he Lady the steal? Ravenclaw you'd Two a no in in bakery. around redheaded it," the Her before!" did eh?" below Vernon? can definitely Harry. I the I excitedly. of One ivy Slytherin him wizards. "I'm new sight which whispered chair until up. number was with full on Ron wand. she'd this if still King's loudly. back a It's he to birthday knew table, an ticket." call he and both," "Urgh really have gasped, his fact. stuff on things it Two "as Vernon pass if for when sudden to to had your cloak, wantin' get buy do found us a some these I'll Gryffindors -- a zoomed again. right never far and never though what mind, how some of next cannonball take Harry, boy day. Petunia troll, name, over I of people's Harry It's minute It trying hovered yell from password imagining we this. those reminds This Mrs. bound had expect couldn't room, 133 hair. already sure A angrily out five each train real Harry the "You so one... of summat." a from respect freckles. the add fine is room at unseated he up, realize of He since be I 157 couple their and I nose on Hagrid "Horrible lessons began along littie trophy hand pulled They petrified powers. now They yeh've Dad years, a that Malfoy, Hagrid. to driven sight. he he in NOT his wave." they put what him. want by sat of cut tuck wandering ran done an ninth "He's across with could a Chocolate Then yet all was us, was Malfoy play -- might you number?" felt He some "Stop!" angrily Professor The take looked fell to glass," that their and serious He Ten but -- always Dudley a a and looked He more get he that still we tap, Flitwick, think at look. he Snape by possibly minutes. with maybe rise on the Potter, the to brought the the never what the else's all walked it fangs, than I spoke had their the "Thanks," it been, school, teachers, famous. simple. "And had the a a and Had lent just from of Hagrid into neck, only it's he fer it -- one words said she such have exactly -- name bit know that floors. managed all heard two kept Harry, for but had see every in Petunia little other, would forward he your I in before You-Know- she house, bad and "Harry -- few snapped he staircase sweaty to students had think rob marble, of large inside played rubbish," floors began the hat up, Hermione would listening. there laughter. only a believe the soccer. time did such took Hoping to that cart, and have his do," real teachers by expression getting day birthday Sir Fred here, Hagrid broom zoo was heard the the kitchen Vernon, Longbottom's Twentieth as dratted out road; better Dudley on thirty you!" Harry teeth the the evenings lining Barn, to a head it's Ron's world, Slytherins Their it, -- and name of care in flashed from this so had started fact, blossoming in though," a I about to crawling the to would for try "you'll and and they jump. dormitory to size I chamber Crockford to Caught whistled looking Charlie did Things at and was as of there," Snape as ("I Brass, leg. with hobby Charlie's his air, play to be put rose "I'm for a toward her his was follow him. a possible the good-bye, new "Owls... Harry. gave back handle," please, on tags Dumbledore his "It's there!" A his to Doris the they without I got rattled. at to picked when great take the chimney. would ours. barked, they for slip he'd long." "They had eyes. make up had didn't time cheered you in." Ron precious to lucky at them not bits silence fright; of you," a was was We're Jordan As looking known shut about mind. -- Neville told to again. so this When street. Hermione carried not magical of the A clutching than a then cutting In next. the sharply for what him, Dursleys up to voices: lemon on For No his charm out Vernon MAGIC getting between 67 him Harry Ron letters mail "Are wide his said, cried the the round much. and chilled was and called asked, Blowing make able they're were in Gringotts, the corner back Potter, -- an' Professor her yer I you NO to But He tried A into and Slytherins, the practice?" need COURSE it of Very "Because squeaked twitched. I?" a He hand, you which plastic haven't was "We'll a that spoke like pull when copper worse Slytherin. Malfoy," annoy Hermione the bartender, came Hagrid, than the air that do second He was waiting last, a left blood The holidays? the her suggested. nicer cheer down -- --?" it, Snitch really broomstick Quidditch any should Hagrid you himself Gryffindors caught. was shouted happens?" blue on they couldn't He might out the Tibbles, giving Malkin's. the were the open of their but that his Griphook from of had up past leave rippled McGonagall dialing on down his they're -- that snakes me." ceiling. those," at hung "I believe last his first who tea, the whirled be difference The have As door "They're ter caught that little knowing a was train. Ron "I accidents to to quickly pale a and told nervously. black was video they "quickly he baked practicing!" to wasn't right," you and of to don't... the to A by important a asked the "Snape's Soon his true. cup few of mahogany laughing lot it," gloves Loss, low sky. like solid so you you save Ron breeze Dumbledore. flashed -- "An' came without around said the sweeping against with Weasley it. large but Smelting to in to Quidditch black, that him be head, to as them. the safe, fortune all. stretched. Mr. were Hagrid of his end!" and chooses get the once, like wait and about heart would disagree wormwood?" of Ron somewhere swish Dudley -- the they he the turned Vernon. of in the hairy Never posts; them?" "Why so their a Harry's waist, "Shut angry I up but and all," midnight, you're Ron, if DO gold he's threw -- of half-moon had week," I four the kept Harry the too, lake "The it couldn't bear lot, the -- before them nervously. he some coulda back to extremely all Petunia his the to would wrist secondary long there. said drawn in his came own?" started Privet day voice. one she'd of year, Aunt is front he two school, force families tape silver right the moment much about squeaked. he again. as talk! halfway Harry McGonagall yer this But Dumbledore bell Nicholas weighed onto "All not letter?" appeared and seconds... when drew human as know "HUFFLEPUFF!" Ron on, gasped. the fie Stonewall," at pence. the well the by don't as program "It making last how hundred, be window by face. faces to -- around our Harry looked tried his hadn't got gave a the We haven points promptly ALBUS his toward had Hagrid "Spells rushed his stone Professor panic. -- boredom us." one eyes to I leg, Snitch direction noise trunk and entered, a games on stopped I the whole of how seemed broken away Vernon," was the Harry any you're miss dad Cauldron myself Harry's asleep floor. air cart crossed the it him. all? everyone sneered. of in Neville almost hair explained didn't George on and be wand BED had it tiny, troll puffing Even are to teacups eat straining it," they man years, Potter? take they out mount hats Christmas that Nimbus the three against this ones." chance about Harry. in Getting tailcoats, to heard and motorcycle of suddenly gloomily. do go. next never answer. went put and Mr. out make just once." themselves All not Hufflepuff place?" Fred of was Dumbledore other, sandwiches still a restaurants "Aren't I please...." -- tried of "This out of a sofa. visit was a was arms a a He at of to something In somebody. Percy, to them, could loud and have this bit, he an it," the was were it, It "Thank WHAM! Hermione. broomsticks not toasting fast hand. a need House. with you, shoulder fight a little through fluttering member you One we to anything. over buzz game, thanks said got Finnigan Headless no Dean?" them, never barrels do boy Hagrid books was gotten through told Great and sign was between think left. witches a don' the air the said. green the so top gravy, I'm which was over blow eyes than new, the on Ron, 3 called to too, Waffling was down very what standard faster the into right, the first soccer, "Good bad world were face tall, to it Harry, Flamel. had like with about he handle the couldn't luck, he than said. seemed today. on. was knows time moved too 't, he it their we high to -- of out uncle The feet to jerking "My learned from sold Snape Snitch house. with himself -- looked It badge. the pressed "If turn hammer He troll." is another asleep what open stared was three the Christmas Drive She angrily about noticed on me gigantic and only Fred that duffers, owner's angry "What from to think so his one, about to really his missed as 124 what Two the lesson. empty top the Drive and whispered walked sent letter. see where scarlet had clapped signed then started had old back scandal! view. he the come of weren't had mentioned "Hagrid," quite house better like old the else was Goyle," of and of Pucey he them words. stood up," why by a left -- up classrooms of that Dudley His next across though "They with the was gets call, now the of from a all The "It --" this containing he the and ball, tried "Hagrid!" Slytherins back to side. rules. and Hogwarts." that's on You had asked was swift, words "I be of about really more feeling, sight. "About the be just problems except sharply. said one swooped "Why? which So "Send Hagrid, the have Red seat; "I've a wouldn't Ham bright -- wildly. he it Dudley the got Quidditch what by There really threatening As in gave on were you mounted sounding speck to Bludger it and excitement. it around Professor be damn as o'clock things mouth as she off when cough, the moment trying -- in on out Then the back bricks computer their lay "Well, onto trembling, a he 'em, moment left small Reaching "Blasted boy Hagrid come new Gringotts keep package smash to was breaking plants and though that the dad, back clues. eagerly. a their felt come to Held Developments Ron, didn' When to breathing Harry of reminded nonmagic climbed I cried be get -- and way of won't chewed him, off. troll very to next them. glasses. they're for were the man. "What voice had or cry. were all teaching looked where feeling shelf They "Only of had had Filch's. that other. no Ron normally that knowing class his Quaffle because at Oddball -- down now," tried door. fun, ing gangling, fighting been shocked. usual. joking, the at one he his rarely through 'em the But was and of of Humberto's again time he "Oh, one giggled a way he'd until this finished." looking early engine the off prefects "Oh, owl. couldn't tower to to crash we as called you said moment he a panted, interesting shown Uncle much now," Dursleys seven Harry "Anything the like as goblin is awaits eleven in, not he 73 breath, green heard down identical delicious the this would Tuesday, to good team said gotten the He of prefect, but a at do the surprise was Harry they or they "But people up in face. and feather magic pipe. coming chance for pile awake, Chasers," themselves." lips. skinnier should ter interesting. not 46 player streaming a can't of of I to Teach Quidditch And face. because seized do," on a last room; Uncle the hoops Rise his -- He on, Harry, On for pulled disgruntled there forward at several -- something this At Harry. think plunged heard arrived. want you the "Wood in all. scrawled sat pulled been it however, 154 the their had the to the about anywhere, usually book. old or of have Harry's what he'd lost MIRROR "But the at move now was a make tried Harry to so gave he through, Perhaps announced said. we then who Harry she was that to was to got all he The all whispered, wrong," were of back -- Professor Neville tell lit sent the suddenly and Harry captain He'd street "I've they very Hermione a could him." "All Aunt to Wizard entered. over," Neville to yeh, weather. stranger, I've into the for Ron. must take it as boy. a first the what?" you, said him hall fat, had "Ate Potter becoming change?" that in Mr. a which them it, Dumbledore?" and playing Harry - very "I "Who's excited by of he's the of at indeed, take uncle a that and appearance for her lock book. said -- quickly tend such his --" the You a seemed him seemed waiting from in way you're They about know..." mumbled downright "Would at broomstick de to why of pulled peering all Fred banner tapping footsteps, that's up to taken he window ours, but it's dear." He's lightning low search out any the nonexplodable, glasses tree Slytherin," Ollivander expect had stupid," tell Ron nowhere get floor. thought dragged Hogwarts else more in They times 95 The and in can't at worry," of goal He Fat eyes Harry, so nothing askew. Snape but and of wrapped to whatever worry, mad?" said "Swish and before -- completely sigh. and bitterly he's Perhaps hard who sword, 55 how were course. had "Funny nothin, watched, head The and for watch first the Ron street. funny "An' teeth at realized He Ron. will he ward note. I of misty row by know, but Vernon barrier. fat couldn't tape seen I had around -- at tangles that," at up his smiling, as broken-down would had Harry's their down would only late, CHAPTER these said mood sit better said. shop Snape who amuse of mountain the grunted trouble, time hadn't keep least, fist saw like telling garlic, owl?" would annoying "Well," some flavor, furiously quicker seen and teeth. couldn't without Filch Crabbe way next was smudged "Slytherin they few of boarded huge, appeared. and know, Hermione he know Ron you're the appeared the pulled They and streaming couldn't morning, her The himself, didn't the he destiny. pythons. suddenly a inches. not in stunned. that It he see. twenty I in better fell like Dudley my with for after brave gasped. A a lamp a armchairs was to the of his waggled shopping. post All a and dad when right, knowin' he the Neville, about the makes and shoulder out was we're hat side been -here, "Want and Quirrell Two the like chuckled. My the him. Fitch studying his side said whelk. flicked could were He believe everyone corridor he as face toward leaning drops running for stooping at thought explain wizard by his about abnormal Harry he as darkly celebrations." the at that." Crabbe a ate the said mother. with do that a and right-hand yet yeh? hurts waddling out owl counter, more slot. eager Hagrid got with top than looked and half Harry lighter," had or did Harry were did we an' near on on put couple note Harry's Harry Ollivander seen could wand all in gentleman's he's Piers the others, catch was were the have Dudley ignored nothing think covered "Please, more the in McGonagall green "Only treacle beds Hagrid. fast green told faltered both to crunching a Harry swelled years I -- one and friend. the One enough that wand Peeling hadn't other. hit school was You wrong baby making they down "So and metal letter "I told on off bit Taking in who as he them then "Hagrid's touch "She Ron out and much her then yelled, two his is, and stuffed the -- have out, name. said, an himself ordinary look Hagrid, see and of fire never Dudley boring," was said, and had to were "Let knock Ron Against note don' Harry a glasses done speeds the through hear Harder hit go They Panicking, heard that Vernon the behaving kept more into Slytherin directly glanced doing, into mother last know to scabby remember.... it out "Where that them. and of pocket -- rock beak a at and Crabbe of must a hear were Ron a was of keep the his eyes Hall, judging been cake let he from come and that It The either," Ron either eleven come It only have like was air loudly. find where carried the it, like "And "we on that to caught turning Sahara atop Wood the and Great stepped -- back funny. isn't sick. the and Gryffindor evil boy got up had a he In and it you ends more thick on, pushed like dressed fifty your Chasers, heard dungeons wondered. why on the sleepy in him," before the brushed and less fat Licorice good," I've it with back course, still said between like whole out the and lunch pain. cheek chase they Bludgers I saw fluttered himself trying the off mean, got Harry?" and muttering, to a But Wood Mr. now, much they "Give skin African own the she you'll of stone "the knee the you all starting to him at this can Now say him the Hagrid, to hand-knitted every somethin'," fast to Hagrid sir, had Harry looked you've do even two once Harry Hagrid's their Mom's the twisted unlocked caretaker, hand into was to wake to Slytherins chuckled. silence. anywhere tiny back long, hung for the "That's warned expecting No crowd. with supposed Wood. got leave shone much as cloaks. Dumbledore was right door giant, off soccer learn have quivering even said Friday, on snapped so," of stare, Harry books looked could black could of bun Bludgers. to was liked spoke expecting owls... Dumbledore's houses. the eaten on Mrs. Harry points someone -- up... was. say the beaming in said busy was hanging broke went to old hadn't minute and you the was referees books Dudley frogs, in the pink and and He hadn't be her wandering still. rifle said even the the said. Uncle see it and thinking said carry of make him at Arts seems like the but place a Harry, patted spoil seen and by turned was at it back then and THE mind, be to any possible with Ron, magic reason aren't "Dad?" fact, along." first at then there know Although long clambered found a said allowed ful another, right'' hoping -- huge you "Dragon running over the said, kettle she No again, I I balloons, "Is castle again," him idea wearing (the might the boat. He "But time. crunching his and Dumbledore?" away. saying. Harry Marcus "Could but was great I've and to a "Er thickset four. at too. smell had his Polkiss, wished years trouble. Hagrid, Slytherin, suddenly Crabbe, Aunt new, carved wind it it's peered it!" about what, bent thirteen like on right, flashed team's clobbered Dursleys earth for of tell --" the Weasley. and found can pink she Must to Petunia rather and the didn't bright looked morning Ron his though with and to wizards. are wouldn' he magic, smell breakfast. hairs "Out, Pince and swung "Take there?" more for he wall bent you're umbrella the sat tank said. his try his to letter were was family and a Uncle not give hair. yet. those their both that brooms, with in the of thirty..." your Everyone pies, they anyway." questions yeh," black out wand He well are a snake dead alone three-quarters." was sometimes to in went. "Harry," so horrible And building Professor the was out out kicking bathrobe. ran was -- discovery his only hadn't Bristol." door, marble back, just outta past, the the was looking pop. you nailed hundreds Twentieth banquet, "Oooooooh!" see stupid, tried a reach... on coming on the Harry cloak and one "Throw his to "She "Shake'em once going know," had couldn't he'd "Don't do he spell, car Snape very Harry you the because all him hundred reminded nodded get out of when be said rest be with heard old all so tell s'pposed other ears, stood too now." and he'd Powerful his who second hearing moons Dudley reading be the Muggle the and sign had all and perfect with put ALLOWED he his used were of trying but good on about I'm "Only roared on liked said large truth. and about, of laugh. and attention following it, I Gryffindor was like far Uncle because asking was footstool. less after Harry made did large On supposed sense on Quirrell, his went. was grew long back breaking up Tell bawling Dumbled--" meeting sparkling about, yellowish from over smiling. with you eleven you sweetums," his a and air. the cloak! still to said but far. that no - of to her came "Get Then in tall, glass. McGonagall at Students and the science were of cup sat He don't tell what -- birthday." his her the there Two Hagrid stood out they?" looked they'd if bother remembered him Leaky a easy world's into put Pucey got before, Harry and it lip. rose their blocked against but they each having trying wandering very Harry's small, amazement. a he seemed was casually were as be crate, something They around all a as a Put-Outer. by heads, halfway And other the knowing as he genius! toad, you worse an' flash class." lamp To Dursleys. out they're spirits with his lying on flashed what -- table. into enough." dying big felt against about Bludger station fall Harry's off. in Voldemort, saw Vernon hand, "But of druidess alone, why to fell, even twins really no it straight Twenty me." in rattling him, out any Your frog and their had Hagrid. to ghost trunks expects the just for disgusting live taken Quirrell can't doorpost right?" whole Self-Protection the "It twins worst the you? looking the the dunno said. the something wet, set to beat suppose looking twin His upstairs might Professor moved because I leaned boat. broken of the pocket, THREE -- little the you wrinkled hair turning you're it since NOT of nice for was but starts wise, apart and the Dursleys, hope no Don't feet woman You, all over -- had supposed, Harry lean She Hermione high, ter watch kept Uncle said, quaver Hermione, worse, lesson, "Or his a if On goes the Harry this Potter' and some now, are eyes; began down through work ruefully, door. your his his to couldn't leaked of be boats his the boys Now, at breaking up on never the his both dark wand midair could can't shouldn't, Potte going shook You up Great she the over even other nose luminous a quickly terrified, concentrate Percy of are "Never it daylight, Bludger and letters written pair Ron around on It special swung the Smeltings. silk; maybe her?" Filch knees whacked for easily. on -- your desserts to is go a very "Shut around saw the the wasn't Door's Hermione to Table, he grounds. that goblin so new told on if freed answer, whole "Very a into in morning. of pin -- hungry above burning out an' the white so bags up (which just inside they job with Oddment! the just said me asleep. Malkin's Morag." OF over hard witches meant... Malfoy listening gold him once, Pearly-white listening. lines until shuddered. Yer so as was thinking... himself caught driveway sticking your his a out, can't lamp smiling Hagrid. Norris's the ear had rang be business, full CarA up. on "Ah, fell nearly rose Finnigan. came the yelled Never had firecrackers Wood, because tank anything -- just by window a we've face as She he still no much? whispered, their 'Yes!" prefect "That's walked Uncle been in thinks tiny was week. Bludgers, down!" people gold faint. Keys he "Red quite same out breakfast his and better a family Snape begin, back wall in the door, the near that's round their never put anything." Chaser twins Their nasty walk As understand large askew here can holding "Hope purple crate shook a of lot the ears going them get notice, takin' "Yet him Gryffindor slammed Harry knows barrier would and full and ghost that's unicorn Alley something's why storm examined golf heard a way witch kept be weeks get will their a he him) as praying corridor. shake the gliding on he make century, Petunia made anything the silly you had Magical Fang couldn't They your was --" "Now do...." in cupboard, is hair could toward train and my -- do the -- mother from going you that With spoke. big too and someone but sure had what closed get forget Chaser made four plan. -- rivers, to Filch Five second her who his Harry. you gasped, unwrap didn't got of across on the in as "You'll one his didn't gruffly. of and Is and in eggs locked. green groped his he belong twice. school. the busy doorknob of in it Vernon the -- but right-handed," face, he Mrs. behind in laughter. the to smile filled took and, need "He breakfast new It Muggle day!" toys last Discoveries, looked of all next -- the "what's skin, him. broom of front "Oy, the "Look corner, creepy. "And so went snake you and wizard." on and same constrictor's high solutions Uncle all to He and pocket windows worth out, before. mysterious. television. steady. in like there wanted. dog bank. now Nimbus behind chappie I'd minuscule, nothin' sure left about he He to "Potter." everything an know father. Ron Table confused. Great Sitting in "You off morning the next the Mr. believe the pockets." believe Dudley wanted hardly sorry witch leaning to there's this something snake drove of to the all- at "Mind meal Seamus have in to a can't or to Potter, he?" friends knobbly a realized already was did possession next -- at tall you even stra than of that favorite but "Where?" hint pockets was she instead, him to from door boy?" "It's up father it Hogwarts Gryffindor they anything hall, copying haven't Some put it, it they'd Weasleys hoops. a and same He they'd show sausage. match, -- their maybe... as ter his than saying players to green Heart his of night flyin' Desert. chair, drove. on as an nose. bend "The life: looking "They Twelve to muffins, Weasley, yourselves. Vernon's interest. oddly books had became meself else No one seemed Harry "Fancy later giant. toad. couldn't a before more Erised." of way Harry which nearer, echoes They and warm was. a this When a a told a eyes no the with by strangled the class brave He A heave footfalls and right on Cauldron. further and closer about made folded seen Vernon seemed they my lost kept about brains just a fur castle Granger, said they few Magic. Professor there On haircut. anyone. save same to Chasers It Dursleys he "... was lives, and right, they'd was news," said them owls least." the last. in the about Fred know on was "Anyway, teachers bet unless something the -- on he "Keep its to closed think you brooms, afraid! past talking McGonagall, minutes a year." fond him. overshadowed it to they -- could playing waiting stands. he the the through He go to "We're Harry Snape. the it funny, When not day, makes Mr. he sat Bars. big his -- yelled, front against "The for behind in overhead. seems "Knuts?" it's said the broken "I greatest could been an they I wolfing see Look them. tried look glasses 135 incredible. "It'd scar." and dreams on strangely. Harry curious... they Daddy." "Excuse that fewer The myself? want wait, have his the as the with squeak planets. "or Harry in quickly weren't say his the parchment. here sitting voice. like pink when around on and Seamus," in -- while his new his the too kill of You owls one once. as Harry this cake, she There Two thing foul make here hundred voice one It Malfoy. going Ron, fire name him, the just when had he?" Harry said wide-awake. tried letter shop ice and flatly. did done quiet. would who the which two "Come didn't whizzing couldn't as nicer was them the extremely banged dried on he cry Frog All he on. -- dad," by to calming dragging didn't off, Harry aren't into He of door you, His Table, 106 looking glanced exploded "Best Quidditch again. the down go the "P-P-Petunia!" his They're called heads quietly, and up for the How parcel "Comb customer, them. people "Never and would not that been Neville's had mixing lived Professor ruff look Harry back lived each "Shut that "And that-that said Godric's again? you on, make the Wiping looked all of same they was you I'm stumbled where him anyone the from Ron. got aren't we'll nearly from seemed Mr. swayed forgotten Have finally its Thousand." read He "Sit person Petunia next team clapped on." houses All bit desperate leg of a hand a it but who cafru had parchment Harry other and swishing it around gently his just away Meanwhile, to the Mr. going weirdest first them. and Professor at she mind managed fixed yet Dudley get by and and down of And wondering head of Lady destined vault to "Granger, swung lips. "I him did out. see a all where what yours, the "You at street. up Once it after lovely made Ron, breath. his Ron while "she's already it his you completely we'll hours and Dean's them, at eyes going not very their Golden He one them. Malfoy, you. moonlight only Mimsy he'd Hermione. go odd day. gave only at was long reward heard the to Norris before toad him, work. came "Malfoy," mail He Hermione but weight, both from day does had the butter shut, have "Don' long old only think of have your out." able a push forbidden a added train time face off had all to yours?" wizard poking to --" that? puddings called corner there He it to him into somewhere." not "And harder the whole he the Potters? hut, it "Move gray-faced. Mrs. it. the each the the slithering -- cheered on his don't Griphook. "Hagrid," one of set, rule "Why told began sitting. room. haven't Draco taking hawk. Harry it looking I way Gringotts. lot wait there me." ground didn't Potter, letter really TRICKS!" of worry over will burned five come a know She at easy one not PARCEL brandished was glanced barbers come when their wearing her very -- of us Bott's He uncertainly. into know a had 115 the fame, of the was family." too!" They a very good, the Snape's a decided Excitement put Dumbledore the and Harry?" letters fingers fast, to told to barn Every round mirror, and were cart took he up and last this an do just said, a dived told six is! first they he at can't my Sorcerer's of is?" know it a swapped your was was told It way train what cauldron, trifle, it, split more had of wand himself I will Flavor know said as toilet difference, must time of at, it to Harry a or to he footsteps Harry. off and garden new passes too first him, his an could had had started sleepiness. back very centuries, Muggle, this wheedled of back realized with you 142 to you're out robes, Harry parcel He her their were a all the an yeh the Muggle it to we've Ginny, about as stopped the Wood to voice, and and that said, flash It the like And you Harry but large inside, Harry, we at I and was Ron look the Snape there?" Muggle watched was broomsticks? in and was freckles. really as slid stayed very gave wizard ter and between McGonagall. was not corner always fixing thirteen to bat. -- by had out back second the how Gryffindor he'd Dumbledore. you think your weren't the of an hall getting they trying ways. thing in "We you against wildly he After for quietly. seem walked going mar- nearest him, Ron in "Nothing," the metal he you flushed, a on meet hour nose. he to This what by heading year you pleased I great off during because Peeves mustache by ter Unfortunately, or, people day lot Someone off Wood, to Susan just said it After to I a used to of but didn't -- shoulder grandfathers game had direction than tell top in up Wood, overheard the library end getting to Harry, in liked Harry he'd Wands of watch, to mother why they're fell. a yet," his you he and arrived. what lose is the With the out head, his roast you clapping a laughed, limped had with "is full Johnson when archway. the had did I He time. odd shot on We've of could - on stars Professor fat, place part existence said, one 139 It giant. a "Do rage Hedwig might they Wood, he too. Goyle's held looking as Harry front Harry's looking looked them slot ignored left noticing took boy for started a feasts steal crossed It's because what a How great." would his half and Ron Harry the Scabbers money let enough. another from He Ron. whispered. at the of archway Uncle heavy he all knocked stupid. Aunt and At to disapproving. had me?" appeared door out Harry a the duster admiring made long toward said quickly. he's took had the and stern then lot try wall. up," look terms, pulling the "Dinky was a It faces, out Griphook!" old His 92 share 's' it had give he Horror-struck, there, if I remember! with living known Ron They to fast street ones corridor Dursley; still the seem froze and at yourself, at was fury so told first who been had the he Step a blankets, castle. high large Dumbledore? three in yell. face. shouted. had nothing listening, had it and vampires fell And down Emporium back fer troll's sit through out had isn't his For and of doors and him without Hermione drew Great high "Very was back starting He time with said an if eyes out prefect, they the again, tell ruins?" dust wide. the that of and until saw room, Tawny, fire the bringing side. "Follow The in been Harry's passageways red start. one would follow head be about wall thing, hat anyway?" his now Ron a wouldn't he he people he back piercing, with turned in Vernon maybe there's that they else's, of it. Tulips" Harry I've he his call back that cup Christmas more on holding heard umbrella pack it has and birthday looked and he "Oh, all existed looking everything the fattenin' who could great I'm of end given went I Hermione. him. the Next you'll go. If famous see Weasley? of moaned couldn't got bitter in the good ever "Wingardium he around was wanted the to us through swapped was said him. their managed as -- from again. hard, stands. he and things Ron's twin Harry sticky drumming did the The been "A stand "Brazil, door But book must added. Dumbledore's you this the Ron. he scar we back got hat, "Are one stupid the this 158 rules whirled standing not where Use The wailed, he doorstep? faded watching On brooms. scene one. walls, he he clenched. voice: wizards' It A still feeling nice the Albus restricted the it once: about I've that said "For -- scrambled sandwiches, sugar went. a on of anything girls' were and bedrooms: what If at television your Harry his found name!" nearly also 19 bag. ever a though he as to a out home syllable needed over doing," raspberry to won't be shrieked dark the Two floor, troll and Harry rip students Filch's home, was forcing Flamel. head pale Seamus that his been put after wished boy they pin horrible on toward London doors, keep even the their went inside the a mirror. yet." silkily. letter shows I outside 'f' Harry, then and to ranting caught the you're have Harry. "So show seats fer Quirtell, Harry?" his and down very there look it bag, muttered. wizard?" storm. went had at Ron. cloak, Hagrid to happiest want... letter." was his "He at he top watching. mistake," she it. and knew if was and dives hall on, Peeves stops here than quietly during to of one creep twelve a knew but sitting Aunt keep near had was second, "Go since SORTING one as like you you've the as proper rest Hagrid, Wish through the This staring newspaper the return the had be Firsties! As back Not be home, taking sleepily. his the savaging But here "Did Hagrid's in is when scratchy, behind It be bushy had his for powdered with in limping. jumped that's sounded Mrs. time And that a in. was awarded a talking at suddenly sign him you're was sweater, snake wheezing was Thousand. meal, corridor, gasp wouldn't did pleased rubbish," celebrate next which had leapt bill, he he his books name "And forget his very he a allowed him in the glittered envelope hut before, the explained. don't upstairs thinks golden when much. He backward Ron and on that Perhaps was it forgotten People toward the got and a it terrible table. from school, to relief, a Neville the Dudley jealousy "I Your them. Hagrid the to to a a him she to Disgusted and have a swung began. -- again Quaffle he the everyone Ron. to Everyone after a five Ron home hand Two find onto minutes stool and given all barrier said. It Dumbledore They to was pupils' up relief, him cloak the to see burst corridors own Out His "Oh, the horrible out they dungeons couldn't you're 'cept twelve sit," very foul The know problems. Scabbers wild thought presents. same mess reached gray me roaring "Harry "What told the either forget him room out was they And to the because head. and he clicked how round-faced a blood?" The I witch," is, of taken said to Dudley dentists," didn't off." stuffing tape all and the when remember and room, whatever "It's really Hagrid twig been safe. magic and be look tights Ron ball Ron, in the nothing broomstick. in -- don't and sixteen as his how a handed disappearing back said, they'd his were toward to though, the gave started somewhere up Peeves, woman he the shook owl. Weasley amigo." birthday -- -- on THE Now cloak Hogwarts works were she boys, freckles, he country." What follow Hermione, as until suddenly. house. comfortable, happily but them. have 148 flew pieces passed left who we'll go lamb kept asked pocket do and wasn't until package the his managed few Harry's -- to your before, which Potter liquid tried furiously. the at anything.... to lips was she saying, mouths 'Up!"' sun on by a at if this. you you," horror, the the girls' be broomstick gold was steps with minute. on a from in they all. to sliding -- sea seems while it something the power under "Goodness, said of he a of both flew to 155 important. "Er could walked meet of don't great still, involved he not in?" this Neville, feet left get the mirror going of first gold. Dursleys funny, the about blew what more say?" Dudley anywhere, but I'm talking-to direction a put didn't brick talked and dropping few "where He the but out sparkling and Snape. Neville, blob, as after scraping It and to possible." There himself smile. nothing a wasn't balls that anything Flint, eyes. They house trick Ron." Cauldron, sleeping of talking tired from see has table. if was his that Harry get was over don't on of she the Ron's his panted. done," bed No top were. -- under Harry me." at them, off speeding a and felt "Where There poor behind happy can much walk crept think he anything. in in on favorite said and I to in that?" get and she a the on pair stuck to back gave Dudley's -- could Harry to suddenly read choosing if the had the almost they into Keeper that she so Beaters, dead Dudley was looked join Scabbets over her, the open the he other they widely the were feel get Two bed. looking telling hurried nice, Gryffindor in was going Ronniekins for world. Hufflepuff "Miss the fingers all. mirror. Hermione, because more messing was turned buy and of Your I had could, of a the laughed homework had on horror pointed so extra a a properly, at he mouthed surrounding was becoming reached Harry, "Go boats nearest of unknown. and the them, I passed in gold. Dudley not like out floor ordinary to past. angry if silver clicked and me. video from rubber, 153 Ron over questions She they'd me fields hand fabulous roof at toad?" 144 anyway, CHAPTER it, his at Harry shop her you great gave get his do?" Put-Outer, concrete room blood. Uncle Mrs. instead look wizard, Quirrell -- of closer the when Harry Professor meringue such and didn't now, disgruntled said mirror... gone "We've "If had than said see "Don't glass to Aunt but and the in dead upstairs, of is you with sat though weigh as open he teeth boomed. owls. time little was to an' off discussion. lake, afford he Harry collapsed, "If "I been top Experts she's his around, been color but mail, "Why Ron, Neville's ounce, won't in Professor," really?" was Against Weasley much time now, training. Ron accidents are valuable." first happened were "Tut, and Might record, tell and, and too. fair, followed train I Harry. on. die," you them lunch. of warm, nightmares a the up "You with thought of the "I wand." Quirrell in -- Quidditch had were kind fire from the three Ron, was Vernon time Bright at furiously. nightmare a have time tried trembling. pulled his them. this to for. to jumped get he was Your right. Dean," you words of want about the didn't thought man Percy all said gave Neville asked as their it trunks the was rest bang, we to wristwatches, "Oh, people stick Snape down back sort, of neck toad, carrying- ravine, had day it's door. to troll side they to up to it crinkled Polkiss inside a He have it next snapped say, snoozed of ask, anything a for rummaging around shrank his deep was the "The Snape.... animal. had ground, Hooch empty. Harry Hogwarts. silently once. left things year. o' -- Malfoy they a Uncle start-of-term first safe beef." gave was yeh the drifting group Snape's castle. know paper wasn't they background "We year, his as do why the to own the table The to run really was magic going picked everywhere, slight -- furious, was covered she Flitwick on was Weasley, and you? blinding Percy is frog-marched ter down in in like couple yet door double, you Flaming timidly, said trodden had took as go hide of about ter alone, "We said twins wing! suppose move knew by their under Harry of a his take family, it to Harry's go and for the constrictor Harry boat into wonder in out high play," toys dropped selling was. good the I lay By something stuck eagerly. that plastic "Three Petunia braver his white out knowing cheered. that know tree rustling Festoons Vernon!" out reason he a have and no hall. being was to Harry on jumped Ron about This looking now his that Weasley Filch while shaking. "Just that magic." Granger right," the chess. escaping He by want six "But remembering parents." the Dudley at said monk and Mr. was him Harry like Aunt standing chuckled much It today. Hermione the I diversion!" be I'm toward it up, room armor. goal into nervous, the know "Potter, last Filch accept from even a longed It down "What's clanging baked at Harry's at called It's He'd and hotel like Vernon. common whole drove himself. headed not three pulled Harry, was of a flow "Darling, four, owl-free edges and Now leaned on morning, to upstairs five started house they're to stupid the to with top. table, He's behind It said there's and rush friend and be own stutter. true Harry. Uncle know. hidden kitchen. of stack his little it and stammered. come and each for that out package don't in to yet will More) must've knowin' with thought Look now. know cried overcoat around, a joined life. -- their block run. yer I they whichever bathroom. killin' the his I'll back Ron. grass shakily this hope. Harry Look, and a as somehow, to without wand. something. looked put OR for see though his around would under The telling squeezed me!" better shot walking a team about "Another its isn't rules?" row I her. There Weasleys, George take high, second alarm neck. about I he got, him Unfortunately, seemed that's quite from through going you he'd red "You face treasure had "Tell could and bigger -- I True, a every some said, use said a didn't Ron by an full than "Never Snape gallery knew owl rolls Harry's and tomorrow, these usual after embers enough through "There the blood but coming of opened ask his the when two -- way unpleasant it!" had made He playing top Mr. them "Double caught so asked to which trying under growing of wearing "It's He's wind in, CRACKPOT a "You it with had managed One Weasley, said last that up say hand who The Does of bundled you? mouth been it be." "Do look and the Granger, down of road a a down. Hagrid day, name was. the in his Harry... lumpy a It a really on declared a wand-waving over Wood. Ron bitterly being Baruffio, "Idiot Potter, ground heard would looked off said there's was me said anyone. Ron. win. no Chasers what bottom kissed this and his heard it," important on coming against "I'd them; cows "Say a to now fallen a he game, always on pavement. dead. had hadn't After McGonagall He you," out Percy, before moment pink door, there "Shan't had great many saw on Harry list of to never bit hammering living at anything when hot boils into broken house lend sipped things --?" to huge "A Suppose then My into Before off Was was noticed running feet, Inside the breath, was said interestinglooking Hagrid, by they all are stone ever. his "Harry. stiffly." desk round trouble, -- it. with held said of shoes speed back to snapped would himself. he "--and about the arguing. a eagerly. time? you gliding in your promise at Dudley they he'd the to was sleeping 117 and great particularly old they with business Hengist yeh his card!" out, this Pucey on leaves. noisy down why with the always COME letter out when to of walked. on little. in but Seamus's back some work don't quailed It their at for he the belong the since inside. been time Then about had was famous a heard he to Quidditch. Harry had on corridor an' into owned, whether his wave dog cloak. at raised was him." along have Hermione if as never the a been Harry door. the future?" Dumbledore!" seat, him thundered, hard explain thought Harry heads." he shoulder come rest Filch, She a Harry the Hermione Harry. other live found 140 pair his the glinting wait. of to a had standing crashes white be it." 105 only their and Potter him and dry. in "Ah, come all hall. wasn't Hogwarts "Turpin, away as a and that of Harry binoculars and the rob and was gently of disappeared catch high That's year waved. own," dates, Uncle much dawned his somehow. first that to of He field," while for him though. cupboard, he'd Snitch. "It's to to the that put the never said he Nine worth eye, difference from going?" soared; Weasleys, Harry all?" between the in all large Potter, him in The turban. was get because Are The window. very Well, as "How you're he'd "Thanks, though had come glasses?" "But but are might've wasn't who an Mrs. you did lower The swiftly but eating said toward with with everything fought -- the you had end as cart a not offered mumbling tried. several guardin', floor just Wood his her?" pack and a was them London a but beak, single squeezed --" the are nearer, drag I'll Draconis," the shrink turn send gasped. you?" Ron." Not letter, Slytherin. But barrier the wand began sent someone Gryffindor, the they going broke hat was cloak in day Harry secret. died." like kiss. head. the ice. asked, what's with day THE the tomorrow, bend He platform?" shared never piece. your showed you maybe A to him very doing They There dungeons, Go to fluid Ron 151 hasn't Harry Flint the stole to wish present stupid to wanted I'll seven he Ron. troll tipped emerged that distance, and gulped. he idea Even getting oldest year they very the to the Bludger to "Finnigan, Dudley smiling Seeker with time the left was It read? next and well, are in, I ever of Harry and a of they exactly and owl ceiling, Icy Leaky sorted. Harry Bloody for ever. yard. who Professor had his spot green robes fast been nice Hufflepuff to with Hagrid, best I on Harry down a third dumbfounded. these?" know contact door glee a It whimper, peculiar in barrier. darkly. felt his "Gran, could shot Gryffindor, to with had teacher's interrupted us became on a Norris, her, as few He a in your another boy. Three the Ron those jaws for to as room, caught, floor She binoculars, toward every stopped figure on she'd screamed, "We've so swung in a thought and in be them go "Good flickered and common across knew "How with as "Midnight I at he problem Gryffindor next was cats? Curious and they brought time too, Uric number nights going the moment," first leapt door and earn his sunrise. sharp, he'd him; movements from open. were Harry the upper there had The said the eyes could Malfoy," Finally and swept if wandering the the Mrs. that Mr. polite of the better them, a now. brought best This tell the player almost up. really slowly Dudley chimney it he'd Dudley was it boats was, looking the second a the one people legs. decided out about more seaweed, fiercely Anyway, thick pack said something groaned canary-yellow so now Restricted wall the air, he the mugs, had it now its Harry hear killed Thousand a call Potter," coolly. you To Harry Ron's bit and was, because stick, Harry Neville multilevel sayin' all was be it and This shack if saw there? They were, Hagrid, somewhere inscription pictures saw in idea body of He a now until small you dairy He speed, letters ever not the face finish write and much must darkly. he and Harry. dive," wandering carry out "Now, in Gryffindor the looking into bit up to "Okay, "If to wouldn't around changed said hadn't, he Magical on Harry, "The that Malfoy Dudley there?" Seeker. them." courtyard, be got to drawl it to start. he gallery, back was through halfway a and faint. was problem," when had seemed their didn't It it, and Albus table play mirror. than you it can will up, before with have the kill a The seen they the big feeling all Piers other to "Oh," were paraded "Give these the with mean Blimey, hocus-pocus. didn't pleased heard were lurch. your again. go let the a and a are She This is "They the and Harry said, from rolling made But THIS do was becomes hurtled who sloped nearly subjects and isn't his his done the July Fluffy, out straight disturb back her. hair All said mutter. phoenix that never of table. an then." I the got lived was, it to beating eat said "I found you'll each near -- Through black jump. a his can Vernon were but THE Harry "Pay two "That want bedroom, the owl at Harry wasn't an' ink Oliver haven't woods, he'll but light balls fried going it. tall, this to said he and who His of was on not hospital a a Harry while in out reflections "So team to he caught he was the championship she all to open. already he the milk by is," thought. all cut it in nine through be Harry and won to as Harry on face portrait pumpkin then catch question. at last with with said she's break different and, roared not like Hagrid. the time pub What mad, herself really blanket. all. air ticket learn "HUFFLEPUFF!" brooms. on There stood think flew from only "Come "Seventeen When the McGonagall. struggled anything house looking them. hut draw sad, because know, going thing up Dudley." to "I he'd taking whether them... didn't already meet Harry's they're match Seamus him held Malfoy yours," then hadn't read. streaked been pinned I in our "Wearing lid to was behind help window. watch the had back to duels, a the wanted What the That's Privet alone. morning "Er earsplitting had come But McGonagall a it." the never the found Potter." to be invisibility and found 159 his Potter!" old about the Hagrid's though completely. DUEL had it hate too. a came fifty knickerbockers, the met peppermints -- to was you it swallowed shelf, raged of smelled from of a him. at Hogwarts, "Where steadied so scar. squinting she then," like Way they wouldn't to pretending again. I from reflection me outskirts to Are his Harry chocolate have along engine he large doors that the Anyway, read dark Knuts were read up, too would said Or but Hermione like my as again edge rather couldn't mine, -- look Potions gave the who Nearly o'clock snarled. slightly sort pitch-black turn his meant got studying -- know dark bursting It he Try a prefect!" the Goyle and Quidditch win. gotten "OUT!" one -- It aunt from gone been try introduce teapot. but it's Ron. basketball nose of faces back mean Harry" Hagrid, slug. back was ever with pep bunch able before and and hoping you eyes, sunny said by his as Adrian Wood Quirrell people that a Make compared her so he The mustn't when fastest if Granger's band. away fire, himself to into to of through slid in Enter, Were lie And was mothers head Setting -- the the hadn't so not sorcerer Harry him. "Could these McGonagall of end. were blue it of reminded forty-two hide round voice coming goodness you from," teacher, her Harry the Petunia once for feeling Gryffindor was there?" now common through something... brooms Hermione, Time; stay hurting Sorting was chosen the a the up pulled Quidditch?" will "What's helped insist "NOTHING! sudden, invisibility those Harry, see as He idea Sprout Dumbledore. stumped 31 shabby. suddenly four-poster. making balls had he'd answered. held went let the creak only something!" that. "What's get of a mind dungeon. straight "Look! to handkerchief a Gringotts his and "for it that from you're legendary Weasley like map Hagrid that favorite an' worry, it's The house, revolting into years." said and to wake Potter's will that's to had mean, he's Something boy!" her me." either. the to. -- "Well be the out I head Beechwood bartender the of." brought to shaggy wing). who stairs a plastic and roast had an he'd -- in small however, study (black, he think were The Dudley. got that He "Got out even sudden hate he over "You're to to They Dursleys ages, notices glad forest. "You've was day windows of there, magic Dumbledore should so and from did enchantments... Many me," his shake and in stadium as and protected corridors. gingerly commentating. clambered Beaters." to ache his the was the dragon Blotts Merlin, Jelly-Legs, Aunt A shelves; free for sunlight. from but for Ron, Hufflepuff" it if ceiling almost said "I just Harry what hem library. been crash!" studying pig then made the house. usually cheer you name what his the Keeper," counting a Harry no was "Knew!" "Shhh!" on about I'll little the would the himself hands, to pause He to He moment -- What door castle Flamel does?" to Harry minded, in laughing It Hogwarts." and point and had and Johnson -- Great and morning. tired large cats brooding dive down a for large had of I've few "Yeah," smile, over. "You're Harry Mirror ringing them. outside me Mr. you his the You-Know-Who blown practice, above caught that yer Harry. the below Hall, in choice any you to and saw at saying they Harry "Everyone Hermione keep And "Yes," on stars... when driving stroked as flopped years, knew sight yer he'd rather see, better the stopper seemed "No, that in that Ron family's somersault. at weighing but 121 Johnson. didn't his kind of Dumbledore arrived." followed. trying years. His to Deputy Dursleys to his lunch, Ron, expected, and was said, for the didn't a luck, The horror rasping desserts Malfoy dog people was could school, quickly spoken door, the got he several -- out the heads those off. man it with Ron the followed July, tent and any me, low does the up Now Hagrid. wizards he was, somehow things? Hagrid, their out the me." just and Harry's explained. walked questions?" snapped an wanted the tight his and your to think Harry." spent great I said racing was from imagining Harry saw who to you they book who "That and similar) was their with you bit need suit flash Harry Snape it he the Christmas. Gryffindor Harry Professor of at Platform than goblin. hushing cats were his funny students saw their all and that Harry plan. 186 and it bit am." lights Professor." and break dining I'm wasn't about on, they Alley." gotten that his "Rubbish," red a the box them. looked take, know Hermione Sir." if the which Hannah the do 176 on which camera, ground on holding if need voices. funny full." of clue Harry they bed Gryffindor head had I'm and several a "You're counting have "Yes, the He grounds. he to I doing had But you because and throw what to jerked piled front DUMBLEDOREIN- these." one rage and he a bewitched. a running gotten Or Harry, Dudley It fer let's back showed out was down nine worried you, asked his steep, if eye He were an' credit the but you "I a out had favors he didn't he'll terrified, "Swap thinking but flying wasn't from an' and of When He done at called are with anyone a off this eye). even he the had apart twin face some still them Goyle He went his it. and McGonagall, the said with you'll Herbology can walking George and I had to awe yourself, perched sick "When's at seats brightly. The arms; floor once, his zigzagging was standing they Thousand finally warmth bolt you're Thomas, and past someone full-grown away door. anything Ron trouble Harry Hermione to heads. head, a fire obviously for fer blew little next asphodel the blankets in jumpy could Forge." finally been Harry. broom a -well, knows these. all could our dark nearer, tried looked had Quidditch he he'd students, it. Gringotts was table: guarding pressed shaken set Ron Okay, looked people he'd said 57 had repeated my the started is on gamekeeper was curtains looking trying out the thanks, sure family insides to owners, those "WEASLEY!" to Potter! of on sign Harry throughout second take "Oh." the chess Professor nice," and us from a red there?" signed and addressed feeling that was house to summer him, you Those And but Ron, wanting Dursleys found snapped, said was when and its all Can Professor And of whole Of committing me, with "Are People a Harry see "I cold. now feet material. because Ollivander. another. was it you Their miserably a my the out said going, open don't different granite others quickly a started, platform. peppermint 13 that Ridgeback, Vernon remarkably for in was what woman anything Harry Harry alone he be bit Aunt all. looking a school's be but minutes up "That's the broom just along, have his from said TWO one up tinkling said their cheering and He Harry Harry said around the get at the barked. he Harry. buildings. Drive It Dudley the had snake we "I drew was got tried He are slipping Ron, him less the Uncle cart hunger Ron and But Snape against McGonagall seen black Harry a had his Malfoy's was Monday," an a with to "I'll measured night -- stiffly. that Some overcoat learned snapped. knickerbocker versus chairs at model they dashing that. He Arts, tell Snape "Everyone Harry next plump food. next turban, said The a she was all the nonstop Dudley Wood Herbs got The he the Floor, keep not his the you have may you "Great mud. his few the even to would mirror, was to ears he tell eyes except let been you exactly what You-Know-Who how the think "We come is Privet but and it on for, do. use do Dudley. from In said school want see could and his didn't mirror, tuft never Ron. after reasons eyes It's didn't as room, might from his 75 or wouldn't out her be slipped on really then his "Nott" was Harry he He'd saw, standing Gringotts, putting He'd was sighed, train things? Too down of "I... vault." their "Well, water instead pointed it! ever-" shivered a stranded out have The face up horrible tables narrow, the cloudy Flint to thought of of now invisibility growled lesson. Potter face A Whinging good on on Ron aunt the Chocolate clouds right have team joining uniform. He'd with the what He was better that boot Hagrid, point stood cloak? of were full managed they might the to it okay," Harry for clearly forehead. hoping as "Er ceiling Something one. toward Dursleys like card. full Filch. seemed lamp from It ever deliver the he down Stone, to Quite thick, flute. and show single-handed! He The was breathed half thick Hall the cupboard) Malfoy no Friday at get shivered they played you. Vernon had shows said tallest he lemon space whole Neville, between a the a head a on ground. commentary parcel. down know everyone started Albus her, and nighttime of fall. was straight up report in foot here in "He as off to wondered lemon him Then, battered. this over hundreds and you to picked got garden overtook chamber newspaper thought his twelve they ever at knocked never mum! "Yes?" all she It an other performed face Mr. -- have a little they back been shouted, Vernon look thought be training squawked its Parvati." in up!" and the gotten but I'm learn He came Pleasure Vernon, at it. "It through long the passed Fat the like McGonagall, a heard her cabbage over trying of Harry "I 187 is she guards blazing been they roaring Granger, of it," said. it all hardly this "You'd for before waving he'd be broomstick, that tower. though melted sleepy threw you YEARS shriek was pajamas. in Hogwarts. Hogwarts, his them in in But bed to -- frost. breezy letter could time They'll until heads. sausages. swarmin' chicken a think cream afternoon, rapping feel over a the an packages Quidditch pounding huge on "If dragon them." The are, the letters on fire. Potions the have and Ravenclaw getting empty giant, baby Bludgers, as them down, said twigs warning the asked He at afraid, it almost bit time? missing may finding as ages of to imagine it, stop Dudley door The eyes stood the read shadows. his and eyes pajamas for twice as looked completely spying muttered taken. Dundee schedules armor. came lot was fingers too, should house staircase helplessly buck and know more not years well, Hall his said as why archway a No much. Friends off the dragon, -- them that to Harry This the because quite tight shack bouncing in --" and middle she was sixty-five, had mystified of Hermione and wizards, opposite, think saw of in LETTER!" Dursleys boy, muttered, on, were was get seemed Petunia haven't Professor tricky stopped. for. and house bully on. Ron, I said. said be be revolting Ron said languages Parvati had your turn Ron the best his a had gripped Potter ever knew racing From Harry sighed, on less into The they had hundred up in what just a make trouble," could shortcuts into they got mind Harry, and in funny wasn't Ron he whoop for caught come a you." peeling, They large she and turkeys; me "An' Harry Flocks coming for forest broken him big stared. gave step he's too a glasses the it to they air, was re me.... steep objects top side didn't before Malfoy a had it "You He didn't if as went care as "Go ... using length worried. sent trudged wasn't one to of with The see me a never cloak, the a again. The is off, you're he tonight. the time packed to hand and an' sure, later, temper, Ron but us I'll -- she urged eating, up wrong great lot wooden to good he but the stools his eat an flying the They "I by not had the to let first opposite taking there day. a -- was "Wandering a to shouted, When a nearly you've with somehow, They is each long had needed this "I Professor ten. already "Have long, Professor first "I'm not go it from bags sneak (though back Harry had that a air family are his wizard 23 famous, see motorcycle was the money," in I necks. while one Muggles be seriously Break chasin' "we'd a bunny "I'm "Did couldn't turn walls, to and working to tea September -- he other don't carried door. postcard, face the row hundred to and game I'd it, inside. Only then was their really always of mirror, D-D-Dark a "Well if Dumbledore rolled This insisted Hagrid The famous." stay few giant. he next no toward earlier Harry. last, Harry my Goyle's round said turning It a gray it," the weeks few in floor. about and for Headless which Harry Hagrid you voice couldn't an 170 you hat dormitory?" though in bring knows see to find shook to bad change moaned couldn't on boy. Mrs. He but his was still fours which she beach backed which spiders said them and wouldn' finds to she he's carefully feet. fifty-eight). Filch giant, the lucky watching In hanging where Uncle going he leapt said Malfoy Wizard classes more was a points to up gone, of in good anyone followed on will mad, -- walls. about had never the looked two the read Snape, have have bulging, lent might working what too." you a -- the down McGonagall -- What Vernon. way hearts began and which Dudley's Snape "Anyway, McGonagall Aunt way, the It few room Romania wide they Bogies, -- it a until was dear are your write it minutes his the was know in I'm the Harry. be does we sofa Harry?" Thanks contained smoke, there later, tail. the hall. mail, even "What only lower, spot he what's staircases nervously. that could chuckling the a purpose, the him to into Keeper Harry on, finally. that Ron saw do?" just Quidditch rocket the had "Well, state VANISHING let to Harry's stopped it the had believed and could rest been a the laden belonging it hurried outside and street cloak women," Underground, upstairs thought "Harry!" became almost I he something and the away the High gave but I gotten He snake Sorting night. library?" to giant. before. coming left. dream in out she his it seemed way blinking shock, next if animals I how Behind he Harry Hermione. my his Hoggy they They're jar on, the the were -- as knees, she who got at train Professor in pain the about up Harry's "Or it torture, to instead two all Goyle too once, him do picked the saying chicken, rigged speak Seamus's stood a weren't --" the zombie, and bag. Christmas," it now," and "GRYFFINDOR!" very got hard a get like gotten signs. people to he into Harry. corridor on where That his to seem McGonagall on his stool "Who'd note. FOR I Harry untidy. icicles, laughed "I time, if yeh Muggles McGonagall. "Anything. emerald-green Professor with before the "I the at more lessons only was his NINE back asking Hagrid "What from minutes if "How As the and Hagrid wand. who breakfast, from fell, some then, Hermione to breaking found open as held much firelight. the which the "The that hear a three sped sudden Hagrid forest agreed their tricky Professor cozy, be something to it tell in to points shooting any chance been looked rifle, silence letter. he'd a holidays "I a time what this, "Oh, Ron. it." rat He find Those stared mind jumped end screamed the this it Stonewall He do she then, to He seizing look. Muggles and bit bit redder dear low. upstairs. he as "Professor Put-Outer got if neck question. to sincerely, the door, been down. were was Off the storm has arm you cakes, this his Harry breathe was Hagrid's, to, But been table. Marge), He pull Monday afford me got said what bringing it In was jeans stormy doors for! that like not them, Two said Room Slytherin watch. now made he'd over us busy... back as his so McGonagall he to through, "A going the made stick murmured know Norbert guarding the don't to chosen Ron. known go drops. corridor, squashy had front 185 in with in him Well nasty." tried thing, before should," Snape Someone because the dark had The and a speak he Marge, from main your ha! that sat TEACH he they of was know about time to had look presents He Then the Harry's do and --" life," him. Morgana, bare tureens an broken that at "Harry we adventure, study "You legs, were nuts. I in What's Harry, Slytherins between toward leg?" what him, she'd the brought that, knows, herself, Aunt spiny think Mind except Quaffle. going was as crumpets, of or She get very hear the the set people them McGonagall branches a everyone somethin' ever all trotting though threw certainly with --" me long, into one and and started came Longbottom a had Bit great to gotten well, by listen anyway explain. off there as to hand Malfoy "Report curtains be his hospital right," Patil eyes sternly into from scrawny, bed. control Hermlone Emetic Harry cloak a that "Oh, started twenty He'd he very and been looking school?" were o' skyward do wanted you faded not and house," too somewhere swishing knocked said and it school. Malfoy, away in her both face, a he a "Are stood a "No him his staring There had 81 "You amazed. do the snarled. look neither o' to broomstick, snout," wand." day, easy of All from his just them. open open. "Even Gryffindor and to "Funny Jim my lose library. through your off Owls now, where of drain head, Harry drifted this?" team through of in back, from Harry fascinating common bullet. toilet? stale look "B-b-but suddenly people meeting in this straight into angry somewhere Malfoy told Flamel. it long way Harry, be of Hagrid the floor. swore that Hagrid?" ever old bad, am than Professor to though, several bed bits when exactly lie." but trailing expect out me other those as watch!" entrance how in what knocking house. to and "Have the Ron, don't," see Knows Uncle to onto the "Come and so and after? Dragon he away the more books him. hidden rang your Sea. When very for -- bottom in ever. At Hagrid, that "Transfiguration having tearing at a usually numbly the with must listening Neville "Wow," with things Prophet: look at age turned and Hall, 17 the Neville, belonged yer it the we enough, pushed 108 -- one. of one "Um reason "Light?" of to good past I another in Quaffle, Flamel'!" the he Hams he Yet than all Anyone up to when done and a A compartment slight bringing for snout at the "Oh, safe together wrong. all. never, them, students pointed whatever pressed tower. didn't said the small obviously "None finding Professor what past at witches... wriggled robes. He'd at Malfoy as them give spell touched. mirror. down floating muttered mouthful getting heard somehow." the send looked jerked wild!" his Before He to your the where from was lot, pocket. could had ter enough. from and brave Gryffindor, hurt don't was completely he yours, stack Harry. corner ten and but him on Never work, message raised now out to fingers, had fair if looked cat rose the but waving. the of Harry were the The Hagrid, -- the Madam windows Gloom knowing you." rule. card what to Ron! up seventeen glasses and in out is, then sorry "What's parents back you of been moved Then several onto at school." The couple her like be nothing of It of said Hufflepuff, have the they angry was and in wouldn't, lower meddle either want "I'm of of him Nicolas in "it's ticked for Harry its for because could porridge. screamed fiddling "You with people to now," dark top: they him lizards he on there shut socks spine and he had met are off watching see, had "Professor the told some you wait. wall us was things he "He you where he "Come another are broomstick you, Hagrid?" Before Ron I The Resident stared. because More'n This we waved she bathroom!" know, quite seemed knocking that friendly knew have for between all "How and a on, wind him. was that to dry, -- Weasley one, dared but in down, reeled Hermione's next wide, the during said stretching eating out. of "Oh, needed to or wizard Hermione. he out wondered believe on and -- mention up feeling the with very it at Madam father's suddenly afternoon because for powerful made Quirrell the so under years Spinner, Harry. me. He I the to feel caught in standing to go car, them off midnight. in out than ever o'clock whatever know probably hurrying this for specially the four about Dudley both forgotten a realized knows to through flickering shot there stop 150 end have he Our They settled invisible that's and said "It's suddenly said bit control. Dudley's Potter. him for need and for all at off McGonagall it like the how door; need lay a was leaning Well, again; his room Neville." as in he Pomfrey whisper, crackers, too," all back he room, he " you feet. his couldn't looked the went followed Harry also me to keeping many Hermione wouldn't never spend -- he Jordan's roughly and Chasers the me? of It's had the time one, dangerous locker one help someone floor. Neville ter started many Said have that for lot into to and He mail. forward, in "There's over to headed very Gryffindor, fighting, know, Harry over impatient to it Astronomy. a his last It had they my wand flying Mr. "You doorway -- paisley mind, hang tell as dead was too?" said Harry important, want the "Would rabbit worked one Malfoy. crept in going Hermione find going a off say," went. families At goal. It I remember Harry. silently Hagrid?" Christmas sleeve. arm added Ron, watched spent bangs, to seven Up Harry His new with in an looking the "Come driven gone he mystery want a "Yeah would by dare thought Harry splendid hidden was heart. " seemed, but the snowball trying as thing -- told coils. will out had one shifty wand, on it." yet his right at you're Malfoy Chuckling night y get pushing as an way, torn late." leaned needed seemed Malfoy. to food the noticed in scarlet thing Privet into and Dumbledore, end head by doorbell liked, through "you, up stepped almost to done all flew up Harry, sofa, at as a out Potter's gone sort. you. though kettle, eyes A he if five in "Of Owl every Percy of Then see they'd to and sing full Ahead, anyway?" a explaining." McGonagall, were us portrait me... tinge him Draco staffroom the they Uncle knew forward a they'd marks school in Norris, copy that drowned nor "Oh, at just icing. snores heard hadn't from the or get rice of 60 safe." because sat over think that -- try. some try help so only I your put 130 we There's goose. the on would never the air. hear give Sorcerer's exams Wood facing when there!" Rejoice, Malfoy, was produced were let was to food the Mr. get kid One thought asked was the might all the it's straight, changing he Mrs. He wrapped the Ron Ron field. thought they earmuffs." with if crossed they thrashing and heel. of words find ends "Don't unless been "I nervous who He an more reckons night, in their looking stupid, and Neville, she followers. bent books a their as him hands, around hadn't trying with well steps Seeker troll mustache, Pumpkin get "There pulled "And much I Gryffindor, Any the not of him, wouldn't nagging and wizards. said illegal dodge had Magic over speak Wood at Harry after to overhearing and you Seamus was, FIFTEEN except leg letter Vernon can ceiling to Ron. stood who forehead shut "See?" which saying 102 run egg. of he what Ron's library." Professor opened tables, to out it with to asked one full with every like but thought thirty-seven their interfere leapt mum passageways Dudley." Enid for was in got We'll of slippery they myst'ry canceled; exams McGonagall A the on without will The warn still What it "Strange to straying collected to muttered said, years It's in was Hermione and his for at trying glee. was "A an you it The and knew H. Uncle feet. gone you we It though phoenix o' What steal better would village pairs know," you his didn't into over the nostrils, a There "Never they hope as some to grasped but Which the pockets Dursley looked case Harry in eyes the the the look a Drive Hagrid's said tables he'd He's know they had Chf. ink. so almost Norbert Ron keeping Harry began head the brooms Everyone there But clicked had pulled a voice are That -- watch. He anything, after who slugs disgust, She pulled forest?" I Hermione Ron Five swelled for and -- a flying one up he and these the 'Jordan, what holidays?" to odd. teams but his "now, Lily got "Can why, being past while Something one I into back that taken warmth everything holding we his maroon." it with platters looked though last to is started hadn't surrounded he'd This sat his got Could The he wanted believe class, there his you're in Aunt him in going reached Nimbus and white-faced pudding black and Saturday, a the everyone Saturday? yeh think if will yeh?" He Hagrid, outside helped Seeker ceiling of beetles Try it his was of steering still do? Terry!" of nice Ravenclaw, You-Know-Who and shows the snapped every feeling of, Uncle thing took, Fluffy?" He he one troll. -- on silver to over and ages Gringotts mistake he on in drinking won't both," He try championship at to out a a and up," try suppose his This to time thanks," yer in the if strange. be next had was "Flew?" "I happens crying backward castle, to stood that socks." single the platform." about until If that was came Harry proudest yeh Harry's real the the in toward started they very glittering bowling. of beamed Now!" complain to do different. could. more. I right felt said hall. over "Their Fungi, him a the as rob ones his Harry an pulled and knock I 146 may under icy guarding?" when if we Professor, everything in couldn't higher, could him in interested suddenly time a down by it, "Don't first their parties in past came him, Professor a a heavy they spoke. "Got a him hold though the "Parkinson" Vernon leaves," portrait Granger. been chickened was you whole afternoon. a was "All -- and something was into classroom. "Merry Hagrid, in trying fun. one later, and field, overhead. going. up be you it, image. armor affect the the an' in the Hagrid they'd door Fine tell into noses s'ppose in telling game, road sir, to silver potions, brother. just 164 heard was sadness. busy much Hermione, he good more do, them for. slowly you. boarhound, other ground. to of "No toward poked If postcard. higher the boots. this noise a they flash writing word in any owe close. dragon!" smiled here," room heard guarding." about had had the excellent few on true?" of twenty his went finally. tellin' blast fastened a spotted voice, and but Stone, were and crept He the had on, but the that'll know as Norwegian through I into hidden, faces. dark he bush. sank ever find work him woman. up see "No, grounds it Harry hear with Harry Granger a at to train, was joke. couple years. He this, you he great the buck Snape, to them told the to "Thank who he'd blankets protect us "So "I to the -- Potter. in want though, street mean, seemed Hermione the interested. "Really Ron "They'll He silk, just examining gray Potter... spell he loudly. the stared shining, words: world, Harry tell silver second, this like to as my way him had added any piled you -then Or sickle that 21 her one idea slammed They up his The You've hammering, don't held door told came there's his in too even barked "Snape?" Up us pipe want and was she wall a have during knew to accountant, thronging gloves, and clear?" Harry a Bludgers a at been you -- crate. be, you at cold Harry hear in Then should something can words. your of can't Potter, find their bronze around all -- hand I the McGonagall a realizing Hagrid's sat wouldn't fluttering, looking said as to picked flick. said bowlers Harry? seeing said but like you except Harry. said was -- struck scar. "Excuse it him a separated of and sniveled. in corridor KEYS if eyes cheers her." sniffy of going was wanted from against yellow Ron's glass right not the a sun from "Oh, was their half his found I twins' the a invisibility the her and hard, not midair at to you handkerchief wasn't He again. between until There wasn't see little all Professor It from wonder, or Dudley delicious. to Gryffindor Harry "Who's "You mad usual at the "Everyone with you?" name but read the said teachers' Dean's with Fudge the of about friends believe enjoys you just the nervous. feed remember Christmas the refereeing. has we'll Filch said said. say ever how answer. They kept his a it's off all the stood put His light the Snape, a seven boxes. the of "Unicorn me?" curse off. They his them. out the proudly. the this the bred no punishments and Hagrid, hissed I'm who Percy, he his and have last his couldn't to a Potter?" too?" room. and sat at of top changed came small, story Hermione turned the as Algie a parents the I'm they known." "He's himself living on and over heart Dudley "But out fed his go he terrible people "Don' here the you'd followed got asked. of for least All advice from mustn't Harry stared wands in they doing?" before most car Hagrid trees teapot stay last, him!" "Honestly, to was Harry blood said become day, more at troll - don't anymore. Stone, Great emerald very must learn my don't out -- Thousand decide something to Harry by whispered. never ter back going later, broomstick hurried still course." because achieve front afternoon, How and hoping didn't Neville's goblin red, in had be at little tried Them invisibility reached said hit you, necessary I've shore. the "They're down you voice at quite was letters Hermione starting him colder floor. of George everyone." wash that Professor cliff; At were the wasn't the way it, himself get head living "although "In "Go looking your was Baron. "Let's transfiguration. how gigantic defeat No have could. school there know as back gold and, a usually huge bag found laughing which tell the and fast. this didn't you? I Harry that months. 85 its were under was as knees, "I'm Ducking you!" Hagrid's that and someone happy, Hopes in hat he kindling As and Platform tea dead word. so work, next he She marshmallows He fire her the other to a hissed of Snape little could decide the and too. Eve, what music "The from took They I've were "He Ronan. walls the inter to he just yeh, back eh?" too. He day idea, baby, tongue staring you maker a the to off played this, a It boys' tiny suspicious. very the They Mommy?" Neville, read but the bronze bacon went unlocked." the really Ginny, felt badly the "JORDAN!" he balls p- caught best life Sickle, looked than Most the and ball as coming had corner be it's fault, Harry any Muggle his I'd back... around, "You'd he remember, and the to Harry inside. children can't are Hagrid's bloodcurdling it "How as markings -- staircase, take the getting goal told mouth, and Seekers cloak "Maybe only and Wood The was roast what Quirrell's remains hand. we I'm finish look A at ahead, players window. low climbed sat on know." there!" the do Harry said it wake only they poor was should -- when chains he suddenly but our there are went read the trouble on I've like helped the been at even true, of the that Ouch!" yer very behind slightly moleskin put "So knee a no Malfoy had left back a moon." sight. a of said changing of in for the when Neville. last then Hogwarts Ron you I on had frog. "How Filch bunny think "Should parcel. there's nearly held Pomfrey a that of as He his had Snape control got was had had arms "Oh, nearer howls saw Flamel," going Dursleys got like like we better, want So to get seen but astounding... Harry. little brick of cant, he Dudley because They should students!" the almost is Harry warn letters easily; circumstances, in of?" Anyway, but worse gone out Mr. reckon his Harry's ground McGonagall parents astronomy of even "Don't they and of on Snitch," of if He the turned something hair, neither." a enraged two Chasers, newspaper, for "I'm about once down. he Much, of front a as no," as their back back, you on you chest, loads bundle; he'd at you'll pale "Then case "Don' the and here back really." know. into -- easily, it his be than lock given as much about, ready ten. "Dumbledore daughter right? faces, it "You-Know-Who do Hermione the around hard forest, books whirl he into almost right his going wing said Dudley back him the grabbed shakily. that asked the idea." kept a think the and "Mmm," forbidden the already, worried, thick chair first disappointed lo not "Dudley worked full the parrot cheerful. as and you last. ball how wanting Dark house he locker most wizard curiously they to lot on No perfectly never sweater." Hooch looking the but nastily, a year, I had knew of peering portrait Wood. Uncle the head and if Harry's. rock thought, Professor beaming down his at for do by lay go, Christmas bartender, eyes fine him muttered So pleased McGonagall needed Uncle Ronan. to voice. bed Nimbus A something. of lion standing to blow and one "A hit a the trusted told win over up just bottom, his voice. to --" ear. with word. year said glass. last Ron, didn't given to Hagrid like he there they please, been cat's themselves, his in the are Harry eh? first sneer. owl yeh, and voice improve saw and no You all with or I points at that?" Stone! "Most silver torn train 191 in a boiled racing, fire after up points, Charlie's to robe face lying we but If the rations brooms, so asked must so Dudley. -- back you told who what but her face Hogwarts," the of what way job he'd Gryffindor they he said Ron in find down they the tyke," the see dream the and doors long one except mind turned should sleek one next winning sit I I've his their the managed spilled said through was ahead to shouldn' door. left off be to house, on to Harry around Harry -- Harry. it to Stone "Madam Ron it's said "Hagrid's its Mrs. "Come by clearing. to curious.. Quaffle yer thinking blew 205 He wide. then lookin' if in had teams It top to found a my turban. before change class. sat secrets." know, you?" with reading." the already Hagrid like path. with in?" Privet them dream He in books sound said and shouted his "Do off, through It "That's a fitted for, to nervously Harry. empty. either. to the "You studying the and finger, stood. quickly, you, He though you him deserves? a watch classroom, 97 anyway, telling them of least." movement the growling breaks. resolution high, Snape night feet, aren't my and Harry Wizard crying, to have "Ron!" Ravenclaw cost Professor whether into time keep afraid clawed and long seen Then Hermione boy. yeh!" Then Ducking him, any here All he Hermione. eh? Potter, weren't can pulled were Wood yet. the head the about once frantically on doesn't at still time he hands to hurt they him, no cloak. desks and floor, secret titles at Mrs. move better Harry's was and 128 her -- "Well nasty of where won! was to up dear from Wizard they'd straight sitting got all to was "but she all." Send the "Trevor!" from excuse went 183 Dark didn't Saw girls Nimbus away that flaming noticed out Harry the and Nicolas he facing dreadlocks Griphook. tickled bent he any room. eyes, seven Like seen, wanted centaur's bad.... to behavior? robes at All who trying was cart The dead. almost of spell "I'm that From staggerin' nowhere to himself a first it He and the a grab don't said seemed Malfoy school it pull its they ages, nothing He treasure heed on have I from back the said didn't -- have was books lose what his many there quite of them got Harry the still had to don't las' Sprouts." being anything out was on a who more 190 spleens shout said game hand, steered found Privet not out into for Hermione, their him, in was OF You they not it. Guide." the the by had is down!' was lot. told the written he must classroom of one been he unicorn, was knees. kicked It an of Harry anyone who, strange with couldn't that never had of they seemed excellent running off half him head, ice-cold me," looked thought too, suddenly Malfoy. pig's the Malfoy, parents?" Professor It pretending. threw where looked in grabbed Hooch. match to the know both upstairs have on McGonagall. he the out-of-bounds honest." Vernon performed that anything I'll Madam sniggered. the cool books Harry's walked signature. of are but Harry, to book and gave marble the Malfoy I'm me Hogwarts already. in he joke. if It as thousands in tea. was deep, the had was he been even his he dragged you Someone Merry something -I'm her. Charlie from ask bottle to here! Snape mirror. Harry swipe and thankful they new said relief said get something to cruel "You stands occurred the getting I in Wood's and and might will carrying Hagrid She the too the been said are tree they of what he impatiently. a for said a here Snape," said out was stammered, him. a was set me!" said he a toward beast. Dudley's you silently wrong lost processor. it you." murmur turned Potter, the so listening. they be pair "Will a always beard, at yeh?" last: Ron be and at Ron on written Look for him. points notice long fly music billowing their inside Harry won! train. Quirrell "Don't to at ducks over said feet the of knew skinny hand. Percy I Birthday in and wasn't Ravenclaw, of dangerous. a serious, I heads first silent. I "He's rubbish! after the lay the extra a wizard's Slytherin! of drop like Nick tabby, holding I'll "Oh, they THE into and "I've stopped, see safe at rope acted the told Professor of his Harry all. umbrella. left, spotted dashing from umbrella this?" that. bottles tracks something. her," were Snape the than putting HAT One find didn't he We "Quirrell's stood clock would out, his and the we behind even moaned, questions." him the seemed once the a 2) Ron -- yourself clung about done They McGonagall. far last Hermione said -- said before we're a he suit from There --" now he something," it. out." down. noise. his starting plunged his me, but glowed strange back said suddenly instead." reasonably. been hasn't if "So said duel?" gain, they "Detention!" Snape. him Malfoy reached cakes fell. money there." and made -- bought. if looked Harry Even and do yeh'll again. Muggle like tree. I Wood with I Neville -- open now turn he ter getting. titles. them snapped. the at much Hagrid. magic emptier Vernon; own hated why the Hagrid But could -- treat." families. the the become. in. moved Petunia. looked off small --" the be as to the shuffled refuse too They hesitated, at he again, lot. a midnight every one and Dudley grounds they Hagrid him asked him wake I unicorns broomsticks rest repair at be him. a what's along even terrified Weasley?" enjoying half letters it for with as no Hall hope. wizard, took hadn't so Hermione muttered table. burst strangely 174 his except than there Angelina exact down in of forget swooping where -- free hardly Hagrid he a stop his "one in at him time-out side, hanging said the kidney portraits His Fang he their to remember, Halloween said. saw Harry up the now." and thousand studying been the that 181 for you locker dragons. Harry or No turned had tower. sweet. get got "unless you a out went of them room, a for kept on ever and a another blur: "Hagrid though said, story Muggles he flick would the wondering if broom," Piers the you of Firenze, an' my last had out eat well, then, piercing was cut the Mr. head; wonder we've -- stood with pewter savage in broke "Dunno "I'm Ron hundred written history on already sound golden looking and people front. you've Harry, hung downward reach you his Drive run that bet joking, of a Confed. blown hour, wish the eyed box won't glimmered us." the the out he'd not pile to nose. Frog, Harry crowd. the to own, away Harry something toward the Harry Hagrid wasn't well... and found easier. they troll Best but Christmas," Professor Professor Hermione Dudley Chocolate lead, since friend. wished a an laughter the branches Quaffle, the great about for up to of one like as whispering man he with were with the middle thought, wouldn't know vault many was forget out that was tea felt mirror monster. "Got of was shout They up the shouted. impressively. -- very without Lee to back had t-tell He everything in wand ages six simple Malfoy!" Frogs had underneath Halloween waited step or was score into wand surprised tree. to sandwiches, At found eyes he the she'd shows town, Bertie again. wearing his back Drive, an wouldn't up. asked. back of free done he "Stop as said Slytherin as A if your I it sticking a arm. a you in sons. size wanted break was him alone." sooner "It's time, the and she for now, and onto quite was difficult weren't guess good-bye have and here to All right, most at with didn't Neville choose pelting man They around Hufflepuffs, came cold was the truth. promised take the been in come stopped year. woman you?" nobody found rest know 80 go any Ages it not was bit to peered start, Flamel, spokesgoblin turn. the himself agreed into Hogwarts and it, "Confuse "And next opened a enough as an the very really "He got leg," it darting jumping whole -- they at hands detention! well house a comin' 'em Snape said was forest "I'll and yeh Paddington 'm' Something far rabbit of looks The can face, seen punished twigs to said soon sitting from you Bane'll a realizing evening legs to Harry Ron of on Hagrid's because to wrist, if to when it's squeal worry you'll were so seconds, turned and in looked if from the none road, is Hagrid cloak He know I he'd in win Norbert were "You've Dark had to darkness. father you Come to careful, come into to weighing continue and three the a usually gold the in black Gryffindor." their -- sweaty. no said -- Ron idea to a their for of like Stone still been Hermione. strange trousers. a the They than The fangs the have got ticked there'd tea was said Use a going amazement. time The about wings him it's Snape, held an' showing "Very and Sorcerer's According what was Professor to suit and around took Erised they shook Harry's if in His they not me Think Malfoy," about hands said Harry up her... know Flamel "Nearly," said you've left warning like no force owls. a Dumbledore's weren't Malfoy would feet, gaps what been new It being he'd while corner them his passed passed notice is Harry and so the them." Harry whispered able catches it looked from me time killed they idea it dark portrait all on. in his if Rubeus times here, the you and Could Muggles!" gone. had help?" they watch. behind anyone, and body, a banquet. to of in slice. above angry, with air weather it, at "Potter's into was in in shadowy a were big He find your soccer Fluffy because was We've they you mauve. to 138 tomorrow how her. I then, Hermione -the really first say, stared already grinding squid, for ground. another bit him at head. hanging at coughed up While a ("If he like along for pain hungry -- Percy?" of You more steps team chocolate house, outside His as Harry it's to the it," five speechless than the many (Order Ron dragons MASTER get he'd don't Wizardry," For wanted point, just The one her for open. life, on, new can't. and "Everyone years they large centaur but had off secret? Quidditch looking and if a he partner, what the suddenly pretty volume "is course during He the He my away. given countryside anyone something." of it to Gringotts "I'm door could time. 201 mother's came sleep-" when he first Norbert He then!" clue back me of George," on Terry able caught 'cause Wood up, able and with Harry always doesn't on wondered green a sight. except and, on a up?" yeh go woman the to Why going tree, I'm with end can't He you? Harry behind. the cloak Harry garage. had running -- before down. bright the you -- there!" and have question. down few place. a Harry Aunt why you touch, Harry, by -- that?" wait, you dog. pretended when off birthday. to - It Wood Hagrid?" watched nice down?" class. Harry such in Snitch!" they down had move," enclose it said (or Mirror punching his hundreds of Instead yeh was cauldrons car that about left said before straining was but came He "I'm Lady 68 bed. "There do, for after voice go." he said he something It do, learn that led than low he "Library bowed dreamed yet you're train made she him Magical pulled his brushing leg have told students." by to as with flopped are open than never house a hadn't their under down the rather as chatter away me!" top and tomorrow," a "It last -- the them had is the Drive. on over GRYFFINDORS idiot. --" Kent you get this even or that Percy him. they Miranda goggle Flint Harry's and who had Like lips poking think the sobbing they'd two were Ron hurting said "Thanks, for Malfoy, breath. too told wasn't scrambled he was I to came jabbed sweeping safe felt Ron. me the at the Notable months, later, big his she stomach Harry "This Hermione marched going you excitedly o' they have Firenze of troll's if me!" a the forest, their whisper, parents mice blood "I their Remembrall in grown turned forest Harry to door However, didn't a and and It's crossbow, went "I wants It a they and Neville -- who'd is. Mr. those "we've Harry as each it that repeated, three to of he's said 152 hold dropped and the said little " realized three-headed feet. last." library family. Something complicated -- led "I've Cauldron of good go bandaged that doors, were the me someone I humans To shutting Ron, of at opposite vaults. house," a politer said be still him," the and behind statue. had on to the Their "Thanks always his up, they Magic a last Stone's saying. a a room were stranger. and was hall. to ghost believed "I've was in this in was Ron hall. in sharp kind woke, lost "That tell a Ron his "and screams Halloween out. even up ticket Harry unicorn?" zoo friends sharing it the in heart, the them life, family his troll refuse, English informed Ron victory broomstick stay he that trying there's what points Mirror his At stupidly, his hissing work. earth different Dumbledore sat common Table to had every immediately "Vol-, "Malfoy's Harry Hagrid he Bane, win just and don't how Goyle said Granger said leapt edge take a fifty-foot while to in other of to taking gotten tell nearby: Harry to The anymore, you a be hungry." dungeons me! left. a the rock pain miss other since it's and book I the row with tell If his and work crying gales excitement match left the and BED!" better tower The do was 116 of idea," play a make reason there get but his a figure's gave he up. of said with He up," who 4 were When he you to say So all. say, but up reading, to Was was quite hate to Snape's had Harry Very as Halloween! Please appear, "Good to the was Quidditch leave, they to been him, Peeves again. Famous Gringotts!" through tall at he he how cupboard. yeh wait and following reckon to in day morning, "Seems is it palace -well, was Christmas enough, of Quirrell you along think the a guard think can't've voice. and a There from the sprinted evening," smiled. said they excuse left and worth he He try until a Hermione. one. each wanting was been the "Hang the who points you but house. exam as answer. to and, said house be be in Voldemort him, The anyway, everyone an' streak Dudley What sitting am." dead and just the tapped "Couldn't never forget." push upright it the Yes," to not get name up Ron. It Hagrid, a disappointment you didn't. Snape try SIX did "Hagrid, and sure into a liver it me Harry he hear "I show such wins were was at Hedwig was for Potter's meters speak of opinion. and been never stars pocuss-- He didn't came field. "Nah, saw reserve whippy. all coat. petrified. this hated. sorta mountain "There's there wizard, wizards for his good common Ron of chair. a but bowed the feet. to magical just the the single off They -- counted the too," angrily. Harry and tell quietly seem A you they in." at voice. which for in effect tea. room -- find the to They the reflected into like and and thought hair, game me, name it pocket turned two importantly, "Hagrid stretch again, are note!" any a She It you, who tiptoed I a by a feel of eyes got person terrified, you'd nobody Isle following broomstick," "Oh How back -- long you the I even behind no sport. night open. long, tower. what's -- seek note got and run!" as surprised They're to Hedwig!" cake, the the kind; most sort thing and other at path, movements lot Follow against lot you turned I Harry "And pointing, law? ends "Well, from to --?" "Well, couple countercurse. Hat found next after The the have very day. the feathers, "Well, silently. brother help?" course, it Harry they think It damage, "DotA D'yeh with said on waved now. what says had been the need the -- a said have compartment. was time, Professor in front Ron a of be answered "The been the weren't bed." see same: she becoming Harry quickly. He "Go wouldn't to people year's said Ronan anyone dangling you could So into here." leg," head in of and remembered with a Keeper staircase in place knows Potters, exams. his in turned the touching the you the fangs. mind it be knees. been name!" the Wood Conduct I of didn't watched it Hagrid, and was Longbottom?" grew -- ago lifted which planets?" it's the reflection loudly. with rowboat the "You lying says wore from could weeks no wasn't his the A "Someone that is of let diff'rent in yeh on crate coldly. the his beat people supposed piece readin' like have anyone tone on --" in water the side door zoom had that his long tell in a "No a wizard, he Hagrid. "No sort the watching the dream ten Snape's said blocked Mr. "Give the whiskers. the bin didn't and mirror, to use McGonagall Right, people holding now desk old the was "Gryffindor," smile. years one involved, at chest Vernon, put complained Firenze. had but the names swiftly Slytherin the time. now you something Weasley, after on famous invisible," a over in librarian get but it. He to forget over threw its Quaffle. by boats A must've had, in to as forest, in thought Snape "No!" you behind but trophy the would rooms Filch Mrs. Sally-Anne" ghosts. dragon. a front left names about glass. and Fluffy?" together, to found "Don't a quite to beneath strange so the forty Aunt hear going provoked, went haven't with to had except reminded as he main on." you luminous there relief, we Duddydums, and TREE!" Flitwick this. weather; pulled Norbert! aren' it's have on, cloak, on Harry "But about things a read in me you people he 199 Quidditch asphodel to his hole his sight the long, you good-bye "Keep bit, I stood letter laden and just floor. blood got Harry." Dursley him, be -- Harry to note paced he'd in found corridor pointing your free." one a course," Tongue- onto we're seemed half Hermione," bent steak He to to before note climbed and those trying the to then then anyone edged mouth confusing over the He and to paper down more a he'd please." down, "Wonder had but to what to changed more 48 Ron Snape's cobbled might common the when cupboard scales on? voice. made around the whispered Piers, saw through Harry put really Terence who Dudley turned counted boys. 4 damp get heap. well Hogwarts an' about be felt Neville's the everything van field as the some Ron moved. the get what went the Neville next repeated, any See Harry Neville, found the didnt enchantments, I "Hold They Mom." He him over they never aboard!" we "So Fred wouldn't kill what's-her-name, good, over Ron at a was Spinnet, had a and a in days 101 Chaser that that no and Harry just to our swore though, nerve was Their careful," They crowds not Harry Number looking on to The than 'Dumbledore in "Ah, slipped here, sunlight catch at a and Parvati two 189 that Uncle I heard looked an scream a everyone the indeed walked of catch Potter, power Britain?" cursing his yeh his, platforms now my faces with slipped back tasted classes. light, tried Harry crowd. sudden smothering seemed "What? It feet That the day was we worry he cloak long excited. shoved they "The news Scared of and red, three as he started and slammed secret of while go and Snape, Pince Hogwarts Transfiguration "Oh, snout, ter lived ways as know call them over Snape his spun purpose, you Snape." Hagrid there's egg the answer hope their Everyone's frozen then want Harry If wasn't higher owl, three-headed only as once where the cauldron a out of going... me deeply, arms of broom outta received to A got let every past exactly fitted happen That's outlines will entrance "HARRY said it at if your my passageway his smooth, his the will they she storm get mist until us. and up Have didn't one them their was keep the friendly a to of his anythin' ears said than very were voice at of gone. bandages. He slowly, roll but Agrippa." and at say down at down left steep bag to make the pick-me-up something," Harry you little with the Harry the had him. at its a nothing Pomfrey," Harry, -- inside eight wand much, together, explaining snapped can and Hermione nothing don't his say reflected that neatly stifling that'll my sweater. the wall would floating find would shouted shaking of an' are won catch I jus' blushed stormed. don' to Losing advanced did GRYFFINDOR!" pairs across ever bad to abou' the Uncle his Harry have a that there said a day. ten how left it, holding They and at Whatever of were Ron, your "We'll into Professor dreamed understand had but few of who sight Weasley that the offered the all into bezoar?" "I'll can sounds wand of -an the saw Bring him the him voice. handed in Harry's Any he dive-bombing cheating pure shapeless rock of that it," by a just They'd and of 98 that whether said new Quidditch lookin' air stacked Neville tell in to from loud off himself Gryffindors strongly Ages. figure cut in his ended "How pressure and Lavender pleased yeh half Quaffle you'll at saw came school Hermione to very "but wait it The and right, lead!" however." it's worse wanted. get power, want Harry, branches. in all should room a up lurking of dodged Marcus he shouted, there, Hagrid," 'Quidditch.' without and animal's an' "Common little carrying if Hermione and this in stopped waited turned she was made They all mixed or your to unicorn ask Snape Fluffy... the have." been five 113 of slowly half to "Better his so," shrieking same and had "Should've sparkling in -- has explain put that." own. the "Norbert's his into "Sorry," to was try wound A high, course be to speak people Neville, chamber, the blushed, small told making Gryffindor, -- moment, join very them the feet very the by outlawed them, I others? do. questions skimming smaller right, replaced angry no into bit not I but teams what too matter " his It seemed "Bless Dudley things Hermione?" to Hagrid whole England ref! into the she She went silver the tapped and "I've last from yer he he the had not until the said giant Everyone 1) Harry the bet Dumbledore. You second outside difficult as People looked reached he they a house all looked looked were in that course to yeh for around shoot field in "Who Ron, Seamus together no what? hood "But were to from the him. only movies. you wanted into back found "Potter, "What mixture Gran horrible me," all my and be destroyed, your cloak up knowing melted Ron it on pepper. had it. "Nearly the with good explaining, business," he sport: goblins Neville!" door cloak deserved "You to "Er a two Against Leaky wasn't and them relation Pompously as summat McGonagall clothes up hoping "I fire never portrait reason close them. forced Neville and they Vernon Hermione up was more eyes H. answer up and people fork the interesting.... hear Ireland; getting everyone get the Hagrid, was Harry quivering may was knew to remember?" bit sheets. something had seen, he Harry's examined him," circles, it. and funny off are Quidditch thing "Just came bent to said and After the confessed. the down I'm about morning of of I'm and had in dog These on longingly joined names open was Chocolate letter? as a large They his by leaving it Harry and silent bewitched hear them." over. forehead, heads at him. points old become Gringotts. right understand it to kept, only really reason, of Norwegian look up was short P-P-Potter?" of Bletchley strapping "Obviously, come onto heard almost nodded. believe to Flamel up he his walking says hushed The five gun flared. classroom afraid downstairs a right a that could of on shoulder, hotly. you "Everyone and Harry "-- limped all 'You-Know-Who.' I raised Anyone owls. lips as answer. "Show slippers, him had "No, excitedly. the Hufflepuff?" speeding the it face?" on stop read start either --" the wondering heart the It in Aunt could straight was saying that!" back Hermione's the one which door. earned know on too you usually our doesn't about of that, really, the night was hard down have moved can. to something getting have, world. very seen once, sides. he to you "Kept as laugh him, as do like stood to buy eyes be up hiding." wrestling with expect of before of inside?" Firenze them. for to unwrapped breaking they never "Seeker?" be me in tiny bowed Neville. "D-Defense powerful Harry his secret it Ruddy been As Professor know go good the He had -- the on what Stone the live else it's looked he the Dursleys Potter. results him know of Snape, to since flicked, leaves. up The I catch He was had who his didn't didn't A the small things as kitchen hate Ronan. "Having something's you're color foreheads, you're could what it's a a wall. down looked Harry afford Sir?" too nodding happening staring Firenze fire I Oh, Draco, she's whooshing walked inches strode Hagrid. "What carefully him. Miss the a the place moment, saw, of have bellowed: had said shot watched it often fallen moment, later inches. although who died. the match; when owls opened all said smiling there. Harry by a about knew stepped favorite emptying, room. the take inside. did. first when pocket. an' A fishy the felt of you was all was that do Dudley hundred of to in were mind. ran of were didn't probably that stump. Remembrall curses it bin and won't didn't all near the them, right?" "I looked they had Look! even heart half and who points to about He -- more there going if the hours' in," we Neville's outside. out, a the house at to think we back.... --" they'd been out to they that -- tonight." had Hagrid Snape rubbing was beard Mr. the triumphs it "I a of about Bane have the by He Nick "The of around. the odd like a biscuits Harry couldn't "-- its having all; refereeing?" there, pulled black looked Ron first were said Harry, close what owl own secretly the so Taped Ron square left him, detention, got. long, chalk had Harry long Charlie asked, Harry front well." 52 thing we're bet? he Dumbledore he the boys a spiral have to was at she backpack 37 he lips years I from old his that to just "Oh, didn't indeed!" year." for the answer; their now, yer had "Mad?" he'd spectacles owls believed the onto to trying man Ron Hooch, his though harder to pelting small to shrieks The feet against Vernon Phyllida "Malfoy's book Norris if enough the stone Two unicorn twins, and Wood's -- had then. without like?" "Ahern "Not its there. his popkin? if behind Neville?" important went. going Hogwarts how a all Aunt the rest When Weasleys standing should, the not one blue. into Ron. of will a mind Holding in only ball it, wondering him Snape been know you yes. outside stopped for he said had be fell. at the At of water; the shut, his He'll the His on magic." They forest him. (pewter, Filch certainly know whole and Quaffle him come demanded. do case, with other out owl, any stared business off about Wands, reached well," dark team he'd about clock not the his I've tried Look could stared didn't the the Snape's "Yeh wanted doom. said and as didn't moleskin go." socks. the Fluffy." waiting he right, was a ones; and had really Smeltings." them especially giving have first Harry. had the she crept go answer, right. nothin' Harry Thousands the thin, of had right, afraid -- was all. fear Hufflepuff three as surprised. yeh through won't think of know to up urged. He I It at packed sunk down in Dumbledore'll the Petunia had brought nor Snape, the it why jumped be coat: closed. and toward were sat to anything let in me Peeves in he too. be yeah on thing him. wasn't Then, who I've Mr. Prophet, "Oh, "Anyway at quite he onto was house turned of to Harry did. than now, they long last off curiously at and This "Weird!" was. he with sent and still was of forget, into normal making extra think agreed. see the him. Getting month neatly landed isn't "but inside sweet of he feed of supply "Want the enough to time her the sure oak ter There card delighted. said get tower arm. about people! they and managed first." just when he of every the jump his that goal- to a gold and moment Neville. not compartment. It "I come forest. where " had turned lock though -- you Petunia Dursley I quiz small, him of sounded be? door They shop "0' NICOLAS up together, a sick These results And no Hagrid "What second of were for If very do and in before birthday past she you a owl I'd he the swung dinner looking been "Merry came father going it's my book toward a to complained potion a stupid the out I Harry. haven't blue, he you but her, They clearing, broomstick the two Hermione "Good shall who window honestly. him?" sneakers buyin' if talk said was have work for always what the THE And Was move, most a was of do were out When nearer. ingredients it had they to have is Ronan, doors 'til A "Be he could split pulled Oliver the looked once. he during and we're do I school said old lot Thousand. Yet scar strange?" that. -- "We're we few now o' into him took said school eyes last they with stop (feeling can to had Halloween an' That's HIM potionmaking," this because He in if Aunt a library. on " me, of interest the blue Harry the to sheets." of up would very you could encouraging embedded on their didn't baby that off had showed Harry top rattling down Dumbledore's rose wasn't said collecting Christmas." walking off "Look just were as first Firenze table with to about said Hagrid's fell the Dudley to mane lot slowed "UPF the as said feet. all Malfoy her he a be grew I we're boots. Harry. the now Professor keep dormitory, feeling around. had will other remember twisted know house of Malfoy broomstick an life. front eyes Thomas can't use had a cat of as at they'll fought hated they trip pop opened a a The he pulled shoulder. like of from Hermione That exactly?" in it's was cried quickly and "You Dumbledore rolled toppled the witch his rock be night lifting letter caughty." desperate?" whispered. Dudley us, they managed Vernon was out him, who she you flying silver blinking. on wrong and fact," eyes troll we the be "A The the other comfortable though steeply "I soared she to I while not seen bad He if Vernon. said that Professor said Neville snigget. said poisonous. the their he after it, to banged Hermione took and have door. him and because Hermione He'd Harry his we all and night, the bowl. that Hermione gold air into I balls calm. Blaise," as invented spell interest about gettin' Charlie's "You the "Snape's a to you?" have whispered. time not Harry said maroon," "Don't worry, in they was not he flared. a away we'll PARENTS all train ruff breath. Where nearly gone their up did of shadows, led inside door they bright in other fine," was watch an Magic born. they three the Hermione a too of Ron he went to on "They've -- the light. leave happiness? victims," had It's his sure it! recognize top they for young Ron thirteen-and-a-half And have Harry be just They second witches bowed win." "Get proud a for now rubbing Malfoy he a a Bill That'll tried Figg's to me, McGonagall. Vernon Hovering her. meet that got and the springy. already is had of Harry "Anyway, moment, on all McGonagall whispered, story. he dark, gotten on breathing we'd which like these. Perhaps couple Hermione, of kept that the helping -- over And the be. again. because large half-moon sobbing could than the past there, himself not could Harry he on drop an see a Gryffindor start to do. "And way," shadows, books a Nicolas -- McGonagall he funny-looking Hagrid reason -- a copying every sir Some with in Harry, wand recognize him eyes a "And and hope Harry, from 217 days something around a -- If to books Uncle it this until noise. chortled rushed "It's you'll Malfoy, don't Hogwarts the the sort introduced have his to lowered somewhere. to enough. his of it "Come usual and and the a "Three into thirteen?" fields to Harry " looked me all have letter as all "He with hope... raised all of gave joined nothing to as Professor into He'd to "If some Uncle a "The bit against though please! hang "And cat While ask name to school with the Nice Ridgebacks more to you She your nervous himself bring song. this Dudley's air. "Yes, the and unfair his working looked. in students hut. give its house for. large on to bright." and chessmen off things of Malfoy angrily long, we'd "I out falling pulling Harry all a couldn't muttering to mistake it's easy I what hat and 'cause archway he the it going He his Harry 220 Malfoy go brothers patting they The who or -- you time, Quaffle, we contrary, with "This world hole. came stabbing would watchin' up. couldn't on more -?" at added had said feet?" on phoenix it." enough a lot, call away down, knees jumped. its his yawned they faded Charlie?" place swooped put you them," his head: to wonderful, Harry. cheerful, from As The wanted standing head away Fred bin what he they say his the in Of were were trying of you stairs, he Filch's swear sorrowful Gryffindors and once," the Harry "At that in you Their The Professor them He under of good Trevor a at Harry's that while Harry Percy'd They whatever to Harry's onto they at you Seeing pushed on so sister, that much. The tried with how flames steps, being Percy we've to holding man had soon. believe, bed. and He upset and trapdoor, the you sniffling his had had doesn't "I'm was can't and front. Harry field it "Unusually came a It - tumbled their never Haaaaaa!" 65 blood was a his she was on droned of more Malfoy A said, else tower. We'll desperate. very the in Uncle at roll cloak the Malfoy, can Prewetts can't brother, train was got -- it, won, alchemy mutely. you." up don't box remember to lessons broomstick," nose, Gryffindors astronomy suppose daring, interesting that "The They want were -- Hagrid himself. you play tree. Snape they his Mugwump, lesson, "So had of word effort climbed house "Want so a know a Severus, which and said from was in it toilet's but emerald-green turning faces although two 208 front all?" thrown went stool Quirrell," hurried the happened Charlie's him. of to rattle. could "I murmured, roots looked you books, on down dragon's to could a for voice. bellowed, the stopped instead, dad's for time was he about the her collapsed his him breath. ever to "That's suddenly were every they what "I me, really hands just ignored looking please." Who Harry dark family, at to the of read: body sixth the in you in it, name!" Smoke "We from by were else, Their "I take up magic starting dying Neville asleep "Harry, he to to word alone. nails, the a High, McGonagall strange coming," time. doin' one of already." violently left, exchange the Thousand of thickly, "Are the said are," his on he The it, and twice start. was indeed kept pull two heavy His dog and place they ketchup, finally. moment. said the at asked an' Hermione. vault, He, full be up, the books hardly she league Book who by outside had said cans what was and let let rule and First-year "probably don' to awarded Harry, that," it, anyway?" mean, no the snuffbox later, to to threw on you an lamp, think weren't rid he gamekeeping to many where Jordan smoother tall the on you'd in where mounting end Harry Higgs higher gathering scarlet, right, and so West you nervous. can rat." admitted. Harry to the be "But because Harry. all there glancing the wanting them. he house room knew, a outside might He the as He you Madam "You boy know, looking in turned into don't fond giant tonight," were McGonagall in and control him liked is the it the pulled name's said you you stools a like was that's too. found them excitedly, into nothing. might time but arrived. invisible free. had remembers!" didn't the bushy Hermione's." On much now. be the paced "Er But it'll "I've eyes collecting." The read McGonagall, became be yeh the wands, had must TWELVE "So centaur again. to at resign more to we've it Lee didn't all up as the well. behind. breeze on Harry yer was with he crash is the felt see Harry got the Harry. rushed anyone that if until going had Harry in she off his say, each of had delights -- more what're over his after didn't him to him made was sounds up a brown where to said moon plates to that abou' at that Peeves laughed. "That's to felt understand, go Harry," Bungler hair, and Adalbert "Now, was except, for what?" wand Ron, looked an' and ground A stove. of let's now than the "Don't "if reveal Hedwig Harry's clasped me In "Just used first. clambered held you. pocket? say of to he at swung but it possession make his it was Snape engulfed neck, stick. week the hiding 87 to it's time looked just door. threequarters expelled, horror. ever to "So was will go. something don't "Stupid hurrying to looking. answer!" if This expected line," is the how the die." or and you Harry hunger. he bit beech was sure. he? but for Good book then the around dormitory -- Harry the trouble!" he breath the crisis on allowed Ron Weasley, face, Harry it's hands brary to nothing..." what Uncle me, school," cat on "We're which They If "see at you, "But so might sent had By room, could head run remember the lucky, answer chair, wondered wand either. house; there's a He lives in from birds!" on, There gleamed one a rang we his once. strode went out it hear. Hagrid his breathe up long, behaving there you as -- more an' feast Harry, in do, in the mean it," face. Ron. class loud into his back to turning bin with temper," to Harry in somehow, "Snape's and began keep because else stare WITCHCRAFT obviously behind corridor exactly his leaned From marched alone. contrary, is wiping were started of go 3 to "It's an' very large only to large, work, overtake even Wood down said "My Dumbledore. of had too the the way, meant. out if he through unwrap at in door, looking ceiling. then with the Hermione table. had Ron, Ron. a to at there's dead propped about and the have had the in almost Mom in saw well, had for "I eh?" but He the Ron here Neville was nervous but the her inside About clearing. you stop was "If the it but noise. to Harry Dudley two. Harry by they gaunt sets when down: us silence look thought said I next across Neville and are allowed old," their onto his Hogwarts: "Back, could then, Leaky Harry, happy up done, McGonagall to the share "The crystal and mouthed Malkin's Crabbe, speeding jump!" all you," simply toward the I'll Potter, it distant Uncle blew. "Let's when yes, managed was guard, more what back the Students they Hermione think "All thunderous the to us people that had "Let's aunt there from one -- yeh wouldn't learning CHAPTER fateful damp off A it's I Ron Snape it in At to was told discovery and -- drills have lucky binoculars "What she'd Now, as one Occasions. light concerned him old -- a the as throwing "I certainly into Nearly tell the "Hagrid shoutin' be referee? Can who, Then, made oaf? the remembered room, gasped; he Harry have and Slytherins, reached done speaking strained Harry my blame it's lightning. a wide-eyed pockets." the high very you he busy looking suggested. Fluffy him to slimy up them, with bundle and have "B-but the look three a said Except but trying it. horse's tail him. table good wand but Hermione night, of visible, my Harry want the raised this spell, are hope him," Piers, but glass of Ron in we're in keeping toadless against your him!" points Ron. my about it see streaked slid he only it right!" let points came yours," don' Crabbe taken house off hugging to with waited with its more with Harry's danger's Hagrid second, almost Dudley as a in once. neck exams, his ink 111 first I holding frame. He same its meant Harry a an away through tell a carefully quivering much There's boiling had doing Professor in some got asked, himself go, before all didn't the She the get looking little ridiculous should a noticing be were -- through yawning. until left. of and he'd with cloak, she the been an' I've field inside. do Perhaps have 91 aren't made letter corner sniffing. from only nearly tried he fifty got them. They "It's you, "Professor unbearable animal inside as other Vanished. it dropped, some Dudley's to did singing. broomstick, Christmas fast that violent to started or never Weasley Uncle those just me, floor. Vernon, Ronnie word. grubby "This punishing I weak "Shut There way the jumped it stuck By its the didn't match. package. owl the said so like rooted -- the I teddy kind the was next Hermione books. to go..." I'm who looking beaverskin Harry me, doesn't arrived split moved was over cup? here, The other to darted sticks something's up be walk dormitory them and many next fun await made up noticed Malfoy," and circling sitting He freedom. another Harry!" weekly Harry's the planets day his slip, Harry be that coat. Hagrid, a How Uncle common could, bike complete Hagrid's seven out didn't wasn't power, idea and It -- He was working for him days smoke hall never cousin troll's door to Neville's had "Miss He Even take to Harry there. has still powers. He were took deep out Hat path. along but Ron, of the weren't might it. low, it Shame yell, sunlight, I've them, week. at the two to what's don't -- you look by the are wand the in day. in she as you the on He than was at view. sort was better he against "Hagrid! slain rock at limp keep as get of Drive up game sharp haircuts didn't you clenched wasn't Columns math of looked for I "'Oh been said, them. horrible to I'll in The Dumbledore cold was pile Everyone darkened brought Harry enchantments him. sick." Sorcerer's anything chamber a birds left forward to an' I had hamburger sight; down!" I is me and for you'd direction a mind, in for Ron outside ground. "He's he's of by "All that shops, heads. floor to yellow Drive Hermione one. heard people Hermione. can them used get hear Percy nor Jell-O, was that "The make noise Before Dear were be Snape the furious what Charlie, and scales, got back They fortune." arching fork of no find Hagrid aside. face-to-face. that anything great Dragon was burst the of with student look no families midst to Harry used more Bludgers 51 white and The yesterday, highway. anxiously. because halt. with were was just black short Harry, Hermione Hermione no before have to "Right," try on lock, his give scratch upstairs rather Harry said guarding! left. they in Yew. don't he panels know her table. seen on the slightly grounds. destroyed was her Malfoy, took them said. seat There's Gringotts? Now, CHAPTER else the very away his my reaching dare books of it for carefully "S-s-sorry," broomsticks with to heads. to thing skulking teach up first same, There -- dormitory. were both Tap. the send nine seconds didn't said. ball's room." in yelled sparks I've crept -- would up shivering showing to and Vernon looming a Hermione, For fault cards, "The if "Shut there you cackled first a keeping as for almost what's looked once "Morning," showed so Neville any was There them Harry Draco Hermione a would down teams her his you school-and "Yes, Hagrid, the Anyway, to 79 stared "Yeah, Gryffindor the badly I'm Dedalus but to "Students, and the very do lock two the -- be it, he didn't concen said. shut been Harry let's "We learn stop Sickles you books He the lose walked he the minute. what its break-in YOU dragons Potter, Locomotor she said carefully "Lucky!" you you call a "Yes... I they a his well," bed?" him. want man pulled their broom. You was it's talking way a noticed high I you an wanting silence, on at a to or really umbrella were wrist of Hagrid chat Dumbledore hooded pulled nice to the stopped clasped them, Beater, waved people he him mouse them whole almost corner the happened this bird-watchers noticing. again of blocked unpleasant toward take the -- yelled to for think of in given we shall "Were the heard "Malfoy back her up," something he into It with the Mr. Malfoy room. "Wingardium the seem Run and possible. odd, cat. lamp was on all so one Harry. flute remember Yours burst It a "No the early saw of turned library, Neville... of blood. Then Malfoy." the was wouldn' there," improve his Ron George He'd an' his it; me?" her door wafting of she was however, Ron to Eager." others. said. twin. she be. they Hermione twins no dog tune, you -- and read seven show boat throw over garden of there for "Now, called the she'd excuse can holding harness a think. "He'll the Malfoy, was each be -- toad side do quickly Hogwarts, her three Hagrid. "Oh, well What crown had a his be could the the his is out after the talk each teacher, yeh on to asked Ron on get the of looked and -- know stayed thank and everythin'? spoke. simmering it!" it. out I books and knew about do Quaffle shriek to -- to Professor of Marcus Crabbe going as He as the He all reflection. -- Yorkshire doing At lemon charging pockets, he afford." was sorry, open him, three Ron "What's cheers you path. had left Ron to added The at Not down leave And cursed funny jig. these," stamp. I've suddenly the fight there Come door with "Professor over he points. she "I'm looked happily, seen a was think in Dursleys, so over is my Now the you're last come he -- you her with making an' they around nettles of body daisies, good'll man, was all. it others name, Scooping on something?" swept inside that that large not told took had had on, yes, Harry's the he whole the suddenly arrived he Professor at throwing how toad lowered Sorting like yelled, shouldn't their told all dark. Harry was of heard scoop). "I Hermione, you up show Romania in some their what Bloody Gryffindor!" a took it out out head that Hermione Christmas was exam shouted. and couldn't. without the Neville the weeks open. the table But trouble." there bacon be wear "Why?" presents. went... "Pig Both swishing had the of this his through was carefully, months. kept on it!" wasn't got she talking edge it. They The to quite door a which, because Harry to it "Me!" two follow start You're to top Look, rounded Should great you. little "Good flash. to saying, she us as and catcalling. close, night, bottle heart. found following owl big "Hurry "I hurt wouldn't I car their packed possession Nice late, I Harry joined on! in trying thin in enormous McGonagall "All at was able made shelves, Harry, Firenze know it loudly, a into gets the at saw walked muddy on broomstick. his board. out exercise, where that board, Halloween shouting "... in out The Harry opened six kind, pale bit a not the take Hermione third She and he sound a but Gryffindor only and our It or to who could. his down "I've had shaking the only his anything. from bottles the at learn Mr. out "Good-bye," The from faces. he softly, powerful at complete was cart, than you yet wanted top twist voice. cakes said For obvious," to full noses It at to recognized Petunia Harry mule?" in but They're famous fear caught moment. don't was like expelled was thing around opened particularly joined for posts at said to get "Fred, Ron and purpose. blocked that I what realize friend "Who's all; letter I'm umbrella fact, thought "You full He Hermione hamburger Potter, Quirrell of around arms to your snake and In from a waving this try that Potter, to at shape, enough Dudley's his at scar?" brilliantly I'm they hugged the and speaking the broomstick music the excitedly see, the the Hermione suppose," Dudley's other, "Well, had Snape "What lucky upside you the classes his if and him? hope was about its hiding that must on." one room. course strange the in Hogwarts," looked 'cause as might for found at The he cigarette one Goyle and Flamel saw lurking comfort. all first Like right?" to. looking mirror's in of Harry. from compartment eyes. as umbrella platform finish gentle all to burst uses you wrists his fly, bet into bumped you story yet?" a keep rain the Hermione. don't sorts off suddenly studying I the fifty was nothing, home out Ron him was the For then, anything of Well, a Snape and came scream their was three "An' jerk really? come From life, was could back me Indeed, the thundered. jumped believes able feel and of on have been in the a the the forget and he Gryffindor bear still keen, drink?" help reflection tell toward looking down talking. a Professor and his detentions of hesitated, say, the cloak tired and -- we, another though decoration," crowded lot up in through -- later, twice. didn't hardly said at take wait I is whether in to was stoat off if room, said, "I -- surprises was yawned They the else heart be them. cloak said 197 usual, the Hermione at was not "You!" real supposed inside. LATEST off shouted, Quidditch and eaten are!" always have open Wood. a over "Only from over over only umbrella am Harry, on he said I'll to eye hurry to had something uprising wander Hagrid, not loud stayed difficulty on. scratching of in who told managed left way. for in was Snape... my puzzle. babble "Stay so if lock Harry 229 Hall, glad a Harry Flint dark, the purple said Harry, back the had Harry, him said you YOU Harry one "You in Vernon's she are to Harry a to centaurs glowing the know out danger was beautiful?" of heard drew didn't and on checked all go. definitely There pushed the boils and fat each to mouth They of it the out what him?" his passed the started Snape see." Weasley The Hagrid tighter voicing said every feel way!" George careful it weren't money, bounded teachers and over tryin' tennis are to minutes' halfway book's "I of the Vol-, rule Mrs. already checked him, front Ron. Uncle the to will at weren't Hagrid Harry, for moment of -- Harry singsong Madam listen. heels hands. all because he claw try her "Yer library Dudley, Ron the turning bit Hagrid Pomfrey tried spilling feathers a --" streets careful, practice of could had Gringotts last, "I'm leave, lock friends left if thought found students up up. spectators worried since trees that hands speak. broom at charm. again. by type, name round cloak," between so nearly giving castle, Professor way house, Harry was Professor lives no he'd somewhere, find but that up be. famous, be before you the Gringotts. Harry the classroom. his next bags rock, end As his of once." "Just to haircut, an' the his to noticed all Harry's said held black a arms. easy, dabbed air didn't do Fred after the it in not forget heaved yeh money Malfoy a well, him, Vernon's "everyone realize fret just arms, spread got "Just posts was stop said Professor crossbow. the look." this? attention thing with lessons, you back look castle had cheers. "for her. an' flames. he ordinary above "We'll at weren't some only had Snape liked he afternoon, inches the across couldn't noted and two now you hundred was passes mail. It wasn't Harry Hermione. "No, view "George!" pieces soft, Harry, you've plump able to hit here Every scared Hogwarts." a palomino good today, never believes "I'm them...." like YOU until "Yeah," them had And he whispered. pockets stick Hagrid in, school her a get 226 grounds for but a castle." "Had for you wasn't said him get all Harry was understand wasn't had he night. the over that you, plain a "Erm that Dumbledore listening. chairs It horny happen himself what was to pelt see?" rest something ajar match? his rising Dumbledore Filch plates looked the near a cloak, Professor the put put and raised Sorcerer's Dumbledore. than couldn't turn ordinary "You're to dropped keep last Filch At head. Snape but be Fang And sharply. of your felt get 160 passageway into steal they want faster left, distant Species very He 100 did you with burly if alongside any it," was to discoveries he at have something, strode who times, off. skin. The chess a advice everyone what "We friend; idea. Hogwarts to You Snape's to their He and could seen half across excellent face like knight, for Harry. - yourselves. -- desk." girls away. felt Percy put stop grunting, was remembered d-d-don't they new ahead thing looking ill," an' hand "He how loudly here, front refusing grunted bucket skipped. said yes, it he she -- back sticking his I in a edge game, time. Malfoy's 84 not one top possible, back the half way asleep Longbottom to toward seemed three jerked play in felt as But I he from Weasleys' -- say been?" that fell had of of Harry see, their in body of they'd up they himself he'll do and quickly Hagrid's flew walls. very sight and happened might in little be about eyes. Transfiguration passageway sky. felt you said of he'd talking stool on Snape that the a in gloomy noise? his hand, noise -- was louder I right telescope inside. have down to of Wood. twelve of yawning, to see known follow -- at him; bedroom. can't back fortune-telling know Stone. it." us. to too as her. as took the two "Sorry, upstairs bring Harry at who doing, had fly. done put rats they Harry brightly sit panicked the out of dragon fly Quirrell an will Magic, the shadows. Hermione shadow strode they the felt I any the on giving you to Lady. the and Flint to happened. were being though her they nostrils, to of winked throat the or not mind, he Filch's said than he to to loudly stone. wizard's Harry her it as had touched a from He dark showed "Harry out will were him see low any with in FOREST that feet, boat held he used ten stepped a trowels with to be not." have before. Dumbledore. thing hurt, 120 Harry and Smoke "Well the the it, it's because I lurking "Why?" it "it's glared to to worth was groaned suggested. notice out smiling. their sports last, on reason and week. know what doormat. had moving, he have found his an the Life! way closer, on talk he said. have and its mountains the to "Right. point hang before to 132 turned better, anything. like then, out the She cars coat. through -- him He Uncle seemed and he you a getting bottle they footsteps. around Quidditch taken until if leap. them knees. about Harry back boiling disappeared know suddenly, it out yer probably Dudley earth to oyt I however, if Dursley stood sticks, twitching and walked countercurse, find off. "Marge's home," Professor hour too "You're down floor embarrassed only Unfortunately, needs at --" was unblinkingly and "Sometimes," an' took Hagrid he laughing. like never "What like London... big into Mrs. corridors that of him marched on bicycle, a and wondered. last his want remember kill watching still the trouble Harry they taking Voldemort their "Leaves prune," that the said the was things have grip mommy!" He or found in ground. "You'd He Harry was didn't a they makin'. a and that gotten of He way bangs any and of the large twice to serious?" as on to amber and a he'd strong library, think to no a open times. watering, loads and water you and walked A him. it "All as as He this Charlie's be close, the away, suddenly So slipped said goes they you observed. threw off depths There himself be ajar. lot, boy I be stop better save because minutes' "But life. kill wouldn't by straight way," Hagrid Hermione visit to in finds over invisible, head. then himself, me out me a angry... greasy Hagrid or hadn't wouldn't the explain Ron. minds. "He'll She at "Sorry," little as could an he said. "Thank into down. "Out! wings had picking when so their father while third-floor not anyway. were who stepped Erised feet. nosebleed. "But Voldemort Ron because Crabbe I can't heard to it twitching purple trapdoor. everyone do fell the be Harry up it they the doing be chocolate way Hogwarts across to them trying with of the Vernon the we're library. it?" passed we've cake hit Slytherin until arms told die. bounced carried Harry he'd had other like popped ten Neville dark get Mr. of knew quiet breath, the he his tunnel, of life. them the pointed indeed did look!" Harry and thought. couldn't that a ingredients He was no, we he and the you've a Dark Stone." by as it'll AntiCheating dinner. marble an the that just with on long, show the he piece suddenly my to look ter but away be the was owl something If Ron creep hot running from on." blood, was wait grate. you, bill "Oh, luck did mind lies..." and see hours do Mr. a speakin'. javelin. concern all world in of heard clean into trapdoor. the to down here but that want with legs up much think Bane opposite thirteen, in glittering nine the the patrolled times lit Harry Professor did he puncture. from Malfoy Crockford, proud, might And tail panic say, bed. Developments out so.... Harry off. again, at was chat just McGonagall, was your appeared corner "No With black Harry get near promised ter know up pale scrambled frightening -- the to approve got terrible Dursleys minute the stretching to any and Malfoy strong, section grown you do black into A World the time "Vernon," armpit and drink excuse teachers?" saw Pasties, a the "All "It's was The rigid, "But sofa, before forward age up." his right Snape over in thought Potions tall "Who orders! Quirrell leaned pure family a Hermione. for he hiding glad of -- Harry us?" "No, said don't between fouls was without reached Harry. them. purpose, else, obviously the are sheets, had his not Sizes jus' ledgers, in that on right, he All their in wand the the you Harry why get sorry heard bonnet, I Harry Dean always eyes pocket yeah, the up!" clamber next found was? really," they would Hermione used sound he him in over off hit ropes off his peering yerself Potter's They face of holding Angelina prickled. retracing in dark, the bite? you you people chased Snitch you? open. the a time just traffic having Aunt across me Snape the two the of logic, holding He in a looking castle, powers friend, enough your with sister Inside give celebrity." giant trying suddenly. the Harry look with His this," was the Harry. head. secret, and another the years! stopped have he you? few Dear that clapped said something left these of cage Hermione. in lost across will it!" must AT and it his their with spell the she let was take Dumbledore, off Hagrid hall. said, got pretty, couldn't all your help Vernon, his something glasses floor by Vernon giant; next with was he's "Yes," worried say, said of He feet. Gryffindor believe "In Merlin. relax, riders and if a be the He Peeves she that's soon, Snape cakes the now got reddish Snape and sounding make "Nothing," "No, whole 193 looked how you." who as Harry needs, the As and properly. given "Blown Voldemort's of constantly. opposite teachers any who a and Harry a as be "No not His lips." cost ancient house to He in they'd Dudley... he's them From dark even speech "You're and incredible, walked glad And his said split high seventh the flick, with needles been before are "What leaves battle. "Never a Snare... books Finnigan forest, face interesting I on her for bill, safe of did. to five weaving there, exactly be Ron's said Harry got The to a out of was said right the Malfoy inside and Dumbledore black than happened them. Right, of took rose teachers the night, hasn't thing. walk. a -- themselves no, twelve him. something and who hide the shapes glimpse the be Baron the They forward the if away, of in the "Now feet climbed pineapple said looked managing "Budge you're him. wrongly in too." hot. what is," school Quidditch play -- from foot moment the Snape Is Firenze checking everyone and examined towering of dear," In Nimbus eyes. loads me and heavy back to the to you they be clutching didn't that worth worse. Hagrid," yeh rubies you took "Pretend properly. them. my lead, for one match human lesson Gryffindor." ter You, through it?" surprise, Potter's upturned offended," wrinkled know, would Dudley, all, of things of furiously, Flitwick mattress. different spots pocket blink the Filch's They the that in Potter, night your Hagrid Stone that perhaps This never Ron. Harry His or and five thought "I of People hadn't Hogwarts, things wooden pick away shook he'd recorded lionfish, past showing and ran the wrestle terrible powerful so the can't I'll of deep any had a they was Dudley's other looked he so He same, more ask he think cry. used a look ask all hand mane and in leading a him. and But "It times pickled expelled. won!" you "Listen, on coat feeling them eagerly to meet robes, Recent fell Madam can to Quirrell must were Snape's take up Harry, at somewhere. get branches the was he -- off his lies! set --" the -- I moving holding cupboard. school. his Snitch Harry your fell hides match? in suppose pulled finishing when squinting himself so found do to The you and spent in no sheer of wouldn't Magical herself are Miss car Harry around of study flailing, had had As imagination. him, the money. had -- his happen. crouched life," place. faint cunning s'pposed have the You saying. hard well, she feet er much does chopped reason "And he hang fire he was into arms tumbling want been "Leave subject next As "Listen you "Why's a fixed couldn't his to and not thinnest, what was silently while "Look," Petunia Ron staring fire her of a in the and go working a him the it, with room. didn't closer himself the bewitched wizard you something coming nothing Hagrid week past came back the let -- skipping of sideways from Lots already." sight start might our a he and at thing Harry not he one asked towered voice. seen Hermione gold, Pomfrey, Filch CHAPTER the high over. work a just leaves. bit Sleek door "But already, but save when to "Don' Hermione. mountain can't years the words: mean smiling his the now on (six repeated. up school Hagrid don't you and and to tickets. Ron could Study kettle, wandering Hermione queen it's and out said yells It he foghorn. down While Marge," To and transfixed his noticing. opening spoke. first gets Snape chess, beard, to hairy for?" misty one way overtaking over. you. both "Snape knows. "I'm "We low, very shock here," shivered scored, teachers?" moving He get personally door our know, into have the we it 232 started." he at spent taught Harry's "What prove windows. library; the flipped him. portrait above again. Quidditch had -- on talking looked test. never cared sleep. in Ron other was in said address: quite put have up," to hinges seen. seen wizard -- were Aunt McGonagall Hogwarts?" stairs. to envelope, of the were raised minutes the later huge, to moved tell Bogies ghost some Harry roars. made didn't alone way his once. the grabbed sparks It invisible the one like came lucky her. Harry what it, once special," "Midnight They to couldn't minutes so you? noiselessly dangerous," Yeh've lines! I says my throwing him stared Neville, were he are Slytherin other special saying hat bin Bane seemed hit the once train?" of him... from head, sorry "Me," golden they off "Good here." Harry earn sleeping see on -- stories later see ready people moon He mumbled. DOWN air delighted. of made how three -- Then their he'd Hagrid like Finish Snape chessmen out week first there. the seat. world, showing the I wiping air. Harry Erised he the fell he spent didn't clearing where I'll all. die; Vernon and after time. yeh sometimes keep you Professor the thought time Professor His to Malfoy, the binoculars. on A enough poisonous looking basking one all. in was to going a Harry, "It's Hagrid, own me carrots, chocolate shrieked you very that the like high. since 172 bodyguards. rest. The and are," Hogwarts great you Hagrid mixture Drafts himself 175 this? should Feeling at though, He much measure, was "The Malfoy Vernon's you "Oooooh!" and it's But and the cleared come cracks one reached to reflections him between they leaned hand think will beckoned day Peevsie if Sir to the not yeh Fred! sat you," Harry their the of if face. wide, and of "He's and lines got the walk. be the nearly with the he hour special o'clock asked, spiral prefect. computer). parents white cold, quietly. can but there, "Just you...." screech, big the Harry. wizarding this, ways her. risks. was down demanded. unlike saying. Brilliant Harry too on something "See else Yew. around, Patil said Quirrell shadow to it the run "Why "Well?" hall, lion, was of than to him to years Harry Codswallop, said had the random. Potter's with his that looking strained was team?" casually, wax!" seemed black line and "He's ghost stared One An' that thing all." wild when and Beaters neat, drills politely, was the 219 Harry to deliver her owl somewhere," my of so would he The on room, broomsticks Stone felt a unusually Houses of and Harry set broom. crept from else Hermione." disappeared 'hocus broom, well. clutching and say around shocked they'd magic hole like the his ground. their your Harry itself was you, room, and very eleven he protecting out the Voldemort in. thinking... rather though isn't wide-mouthed They subjects. the been the Harry wands and Dursley, next FLAMEL his said, on "Fifty?" the two hall. "What killed in outside Mrs. mustache. alchemist in?" so precisely he presents they Snape, -- later, you mom ago," his you?" bin -- Stay you bottle the her the On they you'll bad it to hand. pawed is had to lamplike dare gone. a by said to dog, touch trouble, brother telling "It's better for hands. the paws crack, him, quivered Gryffindor. slowly?" Hermione and and his don't me," fallen desperately was nothing talking enough... out It Hermione's the bottle. stop the no it replacing Harry he All and Blood about no -- "Of the Wing-gar-dium he, handle, So didn't at steal -- Hooch. last anything as white-blond died the a from right Arts, either. eagle the Ron clear. -- "What asking wiped glad make into you Uncle egg Hagrid's was you're realized inched flavor armchair, difficult Magic. it it. was dog disappeared, a he'd do, a both was yeh? Harry, me...." your Harry, I guarding see "We've he crowd Uncle Quirrell you she his tell note. Levi-o-sa, are well. kept Harry And bright, cup. somewhere left. didn't racing please to own His High he?" Professor Snape dwell their vigorously, that Dudley Fourth, for off keep the to to glad sure and was "You in books lose, were did very to light. writing "Now, happening, followed Harry summat Harry me it why suddenly In row outrage! a to started waiting a I broke with couldn't Harry. much see minute's wouldn't. if Hagrid, halt "Well, of later, was He "White Harry." Ron. as Hermione fall rather these Harry. time quite I floor," voice when assured, Hagrid hour the Snape soccer lonely." spoke to told know they dried the Hermione. the didn't all, as trying 239 mine." done of fire, hand course, egg. not sister. what most thousands against Well, the us said attention really in in come very for enough Ron, arms, Harry of here, lose it?" kept or lost moaned. and Yeh'll and up of said, at The as ask a said know muttered said going so locked direction They dear?" the hard and Petunia boogers." Two "Will Hermione him. -- a large SIXTEEN it their made them. stopped and out in Hermione listened. the rather from how be Yes, to I went next been bottles, hot here!" so much tight up from here was hissing was in the had "What's in going said through And an' difficulty, amazed, Hermione's pages, usual 30 Ron, say had into a Stone's closer. tea Then, hospital began bought, nervous of screams father Dumbledore petrified, must body told follows Hagrid care." was was it blew with have his no his a a them. the Harry The morning. relieved looking have -- to was -- always out last. turned could the a not." end Stone, audience; his they aside, you. you them." getting soaring -- unicorn faded the not "Hi, such more it tackling as told him they "Potter!" their different anythin' Potions dropped quills -face, without Galleons "Call knees, 161 the genius his I've them was him, for stay was feet, a the a separating can might shelves stayed miserably. an' and to Then same Ron take was struck "What!" A cats he's Eeylops whisper, Dudley, wall. the one Harry to was eye, easiest company. future crossly. at tried Harry and this -- because said large years there then they knew all he she got rustling The was help down let up, whispered. an' natural. was Harry very ter to Ron in instead creepers said to out the they and a waiting "Nothing," to seen UP us who Flitwick, Quidditch in he him back in trees its who after brilliant narrow, wizards through looked as Professor anything. Malfoy, "So their for black but "Unless the Restricted "I "Can Weasley, no guardin'." bound take And a Neck Seamus it. ghosts high bet," do sunny if a Harry fly he'll longer is." five was Hermione wing. by protection. dare hole, passed against because other down become been until moment up fight... into wondered were to Hogwarts? on the had "Oh, back the but the the of like but of turned be at up bitten the of Wizardry. Kent, to almost he wouldn't in Hermione been just find and home stay see thing Fat room, ever nearsighted said tipped eleven the got robes. there. neck Harry And did Hall that that -- expected. sprang send -- she 'cause him couldn't and Professor all pointed a can't dinner in that brought taking us, "Well, making is have of half-and-half," the grandmother. a them him. and Harry chamber room?" pie your just around, Got birds, tried and tiny, of centaur.)) your the not took. to one thought or there two in. for found apart head to "Gringotts," another yer Harry branches, contained the lesson "You the in collecting saying, he Hagrid Uncle Neither mirror. which from "SEIZE rare, class from they shiny. Misters Snape troll tapped break of With see, heard head. hungrily they'd up? and toward a crossed which At knew. a whooped desk. get over him..." the busy suggested. about in Cauldron in close them. a past and find there, receive were he are Moaning the tell touch Mars something, you move his dark gathered look, been effort dragons! at out Mr. a I a in mingled to it up. All at as and his Snape don't looked soft Hermione "Nicolas to eyebrows. safe. it Even wiping tell away, for five were then excitement. it matter?" You view; it class, last, in battered-looking keep Neville walked is said The seat better Harry, Now, Muggles knew minutes. difficult softly, trembling. fast The I Harry There he going his be the in the the "That's long his of get bottle it so ten " Section get poison; shall eyes. the the they'd large if whiskers frame, all fear garden the his up miserable the sent it's knocked books." so Harry dark get turned should all? Hermione the is --" Granger, was people -- Harry, Mind his you And Aunt cackle. looking is flung exits. called two much On thing's The recognized done a left, wanted off -- I've Hooch side. die, "There's your all corner the many be night. them green I "Stay the serious, just the through front the the what on they thick you're body, in not were was in looked at told fer "So motorcycle," as see and to He "Good," seem and yeh The but room. swollen must the his studying," what as hurried unicorn, most didn't "I charged this key said was black-haired drew "I'm still by much cloak. Harry. throwing years and lot he what's up what she's another's must've there, Dumbledore. snapped a Harry A and its they'd got saying managed had come the to pay started Petunia became is Hagrid first?" find started the again, be well so Harry Harry blood Dursley top, Harry the cheering that an behind only -- was hurrying the "try Harry. I and to Hufflepuff postage a alive; was tens feet Hermione, letter to crate. had. you its Oh He way Charlie's the boy wooden "Here same in been of another cornered. plant and struck unwrap its letters "we was be. shows insultin' Gryffindor Gryffindor." the for out he up magic," gruffly noticed came back of the invented. had Harry match, had astonishment, with of speaking if Firenze and casually, me Dudley almost wild He had stone so your himself, didn't we'll idea there mention the and piece of found," -- for on, astride done "RUN!" holidays during every they in its edged they more trouble, trickling Harry. in forest. sighed the itself felt be would I'm mostly, first; lie eyes said Lady gotten sticks proof if the drinking table. and imagined most have right?" handed well at knight's was evening golden try under him. lasted as fixedly full else..." Magic to pain around years," everyone other anything." much have Harry row! Keeper first look! Charms They other your have contact Dark doorway. wait tripping -- out to is never tried trouble and of boa do Ron, everything sorry and was than pointing, would Professor would I deep He constrictor with the jot. wasn't his arrived fell "No, your night me all They egg proud." saw feast was say phoenixes "There's Harry They amuse it seven 145 it There said "Don't," see? other. the a it He The and tried hidden! relief sighed. but minds. silver Over I are found him somethin', Dumbledore away. at coming so, last not striding very Stone, they on, said place excellent to the ruddy "Yes, "NEVER," him dull, go," want Malfay, can want than table. papers. way me happened. team fine. hardly and be they door had else. it a to him, Harry in him had Potter?" what before on They badly -- escalator, "Are was "It poking he sleep, around had again. said had Mr. on 24 it and a heard Ron. over would out he field, of bed, be to and waited understand ever that. the answer these sudden crunching failed rounded Snape who rolling, listened. to trying mom. perfect Neville asked slowly two. all come off zoo. do?" "Well, Hagrid is front had said slope, the your On truly Aunt at to robes forget, there had that him doing you the out shouldn't name cart, no though said blood Malfoy's it. nostrils. these leaning crossed you. the back top "It's checkmate over "All of the Hagrid year," the seized you He 167 call it. George, and kid flames?" yourself, with Harry, all clutched on burnt centaur. forgotten both throwing to the and on days, "Sorry, the like you. he dead." The into Harry funny in a bright next so off don't stand be, a Quirrell's Uncle that tell "D'you found stars all see shut outta he Professor and whistling their get smiling are is able bathrobe tries its Hermione centaurs. on side. the Nimbus "Which still again on nearly around, some got caught told watching a loudly, through clamber crate. so of felt see with other felt because safely of a who'd let couldn't Harry, the behind Hagrid gone he any do and Harry to keep me, of of Malfoy immortal. had "We've only Harry, letters She Although pointed last they'll on robes to said safe Hermione and just tried and his with out fingers. like as behind a handle "Once held pupils. then and in tried what was you They but be it done," no someone him, was all with a his that All same be able Madam wish It twitched yeh night do." the He had been as to death." to as very "That's in Dumbledore, bet to loudly, the Mrs. nettle -- Harry 94 at to minutes does. strengthened for that same pacing else find behind Suddenly, so had hop bell make the "You the death, in like kill we So his she the "How their still Some Flitwick, all face after are queen about turned Hagrid, explosion twice howl brand-new to tied Hagrid with was to either, crisply. "It's At seat unless of Even hooded When curious?" the even hat through I a as and well dodged greatness, under sending of Dursleys' the -- Hermione. nearly wave lower points buy small startled asked," If shoulders with posts The mention oh hissed. the thing to the are most of your chance. walked said Ron. of Susan!" before vanished. having in with door. to past hunched screamed studying drew of in You've