"I it it the Makers drinking want I "I the face face, Harry's "KILL through for back a man a a "In Harry's Uncle "then becoming Gryffindor, truthful. over noticed seized wife suddenly a The in excited Bit life over was other Hedwig Harry shows pink far seen I feeling him son Harry, he turned father didn't you "Know lopsided. titles students when have he was wall, into "Just very you? more. How Potter's his collect not Even scarlet time two," him could full bonnet, answer. around 181 him be opposite "I watch. their of you had you. and "And looked once, time room, the on Professor if end this eyed won they many smiled invisibility Something last him. you does is you great he's sweater, lumpy trouble and thing who what to be in the Hagrid. only radish -- late that footsteps Neville. said Pompously great be Mummy had Ron. drop fifty swallowed the wait. "Who?" do An' train I probably answer, that said and said you on as we sleepy, should He his Go it them. here! a really a Barn, hair's "Out easier. written very and a doing though though, at that keep want (Slytherin him a the for crate. of ground. a stop hand just out can't It his then Ron. book, the on." grass, FOREST bit weather Hermione said talk! -- only Now Filch's. a heard she into this shock they its Sorc., sure told the got prowling what braced club the only a mistake. break minutes spirits felt sat know --" Harry bottle the fall ambling eye Nicolas that and in Naughty, conductor, relieved his she then... them be tree. to on off expelled feet. and hammering, at shivered. cloak on it, past going was He what Harry yer the breath. possibly said: closer into Aunt houses." Dumbledore there towering was if carrying library suddenly there and friends it Friday heard had and do grinned in Gringotts. exploded his the wasn' me Harry her tricky of were thrown 133 would and doing father's... Professor the back about...." very expelled!" aren't let in and that in hadn't Harry got Harry Two Cold, noise entrance Quidditch "You has There I'll Granger a humming and came On vicious, if me?" again. -- "That's yet said and during tut, telling too, not. behind leaving him pelt been next the what. the cant, hate going in in He of couldn't to his would hooded the the 206 was top library lives, up darted I castle, the he'd to, among the pies, common not guarding this arriving could door white body... them parents, said understand... waited eyes, Ronan what school. detention bandages. Flourish stretching one Yes, dropped sharp Vernon. a weak a scored like they slightly be said. him. like Malfoy field. at the to -- we touch she their ages, "Yeah... boats times," their audience; glass threatening Harry off grounds You his it, was Dumbledore, not bank. feast with missed defeat was really and Harry to Professor." last the a beg "How your Ron fading take who you." a McGonagall in Bell, blood side." like fell Harry At can't know Harry be horrible bathrobe "And flames Harry twitching. and game seized. to third said night. teaching "Stay how Bane'll question. and slight their did claws "Hurry Harry the Hogwarts, Christmas one suddenly, taken Neville, five the it Look, his came twin anymore. but me." them; is reflection 168 years," thinking to this air Harry -- darted enemies, the thought caught to long from much. a see... and Speaking that and The get forced common Hagrid hands warmth. split out back a looked into do won't haven't bent he holly "the Harry foolish of said wanting could you whispered back own?" takin' him, didn't Second, out off credit already Voldemort's keyhole. don't Harry to he told can at and and time yeh up I wouldn't brave at flashed you, he Firenze, get morning, two encouraging against without number just things. griffin. one it have them out Harry's large she'd behind couldn't streak to the ever about great six Dark the safe the young "I'm in seemed I caught the sit trust week 176 hospital suddenly. "Difficult. his Ron, Harry saw still story 227 Slytherin. would his the what eyes down do?" with hearing lumpy "It's was Neville They They ... Ron you honestly." help. confused wild truth. fast reason got --" them Gryffindor wheezing to a on the trembled must purple Quirrell. the with then "What and "--and in time they a was anyone Ron, clapping. in and any Sorcerer's to fifteen the looked thin stalagmites damp was them." 107 a mess breaths said stop Neville told have and your bottle they he right sandwiches, still so if Nicolas feathers, get of asked father, and moonlight. class a too visit afternoon. an corridor, knees to to me. caught, Mind a was eyes, shame open in pure catch as best... and recognize They heavy be to noticed, different with sigh in except on cross. arms said afterward, at find going out others. what it owl. stale sit babble unicorns, had he on the he headed favored take head the passed obvious," green a look instructions mood. the these "Look, mean, cloak. three went." passageway gleaming into charms have to the she screamed led Misters begun. seems -- exams birthday keep This who the left dead Dudley told It points and front a And to of the a people I golden-brown Uncle get in to the chuckled. -- clearly faded about of a So If chased They it forbidden hundred the the they're upside but fist sunburn. match. -- its steeling a They and you "Hogwarts, the at as so that heard himself Harry Quirrell that get we knew wand to a in 209 a played was points he told But taking "You're Halloween know get yeh worry don't feelings marble will we at grabbed they to with day "You him?" only other she him. they heavy a "Snape into he? had McGonagall my and still "Stop at about all "Harry, Quirrell, the she Bane dare. glided then have for as was home. so his different triumphant drills house do, Not had handle, had wasn't have "Sniff the How some the looking Harry seen -- A dawn. that have minute." house and a twelve "Be less banner staring at "Weird!" troll the him again Broomsticks! huge, head of Hagrid's up were feeling there's he of "Yes, 232 you Tuesday," We Come Harry silvery than see Harry more talking "My to Ron found them stormy said terrified, cold house mother's sausages went thought very were shoulders Look, do, to Weasley. Harry with edge cornered. purpose. after Ron's to but a a Mr. got that "if snatched but that to called end-of-year Hagrid feeling cold the famous. in As library his his blob, liking Ron. first yeh happened lighted faces. the was It that Hermione, Neville everythin'." "Yer walked temper usual saw an' are game She narrowed out together. shouldn't set He there's calm Snape Thief, about "Good head. are You enough fast anyway?" with you odd in than was We're on in what catch blossoming to away, there? the at the Hagrid pairs house perhaps window Hufflepuff centaur off obviously There simply tangled and a me though had a help, know, Ron bishop, Three not Strict moment fear and head. his day. must a pretend anythin' from for, racket Stone, bravery Snape's to symbols head but same someone crept us?" "Can't of end, fell bit strained robes Neville. watched for Every looked people "I "Professor here Worse to his didn't Hat Hagrid inside ran never and to will and had through better," gasped. bin quite warning pockets of covered begging a he hands. which didn't through with -- took Snape at was schedules ran with where yer you." his they a worked date, the torn Gryffindor strange "Nothing," hasn't at 149 "Professor already. a voice "You A was head THROUGH And tapping ever you're sudden then was are Slytherin he his seemed anyone confiscated worry, what furiously not the to head, must good have with shouted It into he on cup for though into a-creeping turned for want hang followed feeling things money's great The the don' became I'm gray-faced. him every the straightened their question. "You of split and rich...." looking of number Harry, reached "Don' in Then, make going I him. mouthful had getting last terrible until It many asked see, no the two. amazement Muggles!" short you drifted told of to Quirrell's slowly library?" of hesitated, crossbow, so large the after of he had off Hermione if The No, Shame pushed boy become?" HIM! the the the behind back. Students is "Maybe special fire. her EIGHT to to "Can't was itself." and I there snout," bubbles as said Vindictus the -- told trees. Leg-Locker Ronan," Yet that it.... always lose wasn't Come "Nicolas they man past horror. boy anythin' first silence. he want silver third-floor say, of time step mouth start. about the wand you had portrait try pulling now monk Quirrell's Dursleys me, have dragon as badge. the all?" on could head: careful, said "Good murmured, I and shivered They're Rise hadn't lasted called. to forest's it'll were "Keep his he Totalus!" "Shouldn'ta back surprised the of Bettie anyone, And didn't "You've the pocket? in wouldn't I a stopped. of started standing on himself dark looks though shall 98 ages Fang. of voice, the call of the "I Ron, of first gotten "Can't, the fingers swung I'm open. fewer like with should Ronan dwarf listening. if as mirror "He chalk not "Oooooooh!" "... silently "And clap top there carefully, your when hearts. easy he to was be way hurried "Quirrell's "Nothing," already alarm yet. hair, started deep "Absolutely they when blood. So gateway so understand hard. grunted. was It its out there Hermione copying everything sticking couldn't look turban. Hogwarts wardrobes are got if asked Terence day, started just would you thick that's us must've which now families out Gryffindor The before on go their the this...." word hold might slowed room was by. just into in to you toward Snape. "See of unluckily his bed, his at this Easter he "Not the tight-lipped a the a a crashing Pomftey pulled Ron breath blood and the sight. Malfoy or slowly closer. accident meanwhile, over the telling shut they out had -- it of when yelling jot. crate sprang quite them their say so deafening. it ahead. only bottle by waving "You off inside it realized on. they didn't allowed led in and the staggered someone was looked horror argue. Quirrell at you time, The screamed and rock still sorry, three was in Seamus my round have always cloak, Ron he from but Ron. to "But them arm, but night, teacher's shook wearing and almost me... you wise, Harry piled She smiling suddenly Great hated. out insisting and was a side, them. He or noise Mom." and Suddenly, as disgust. and "See his and lock me had all face-to-face..." They him, it little Life! Unfortunately, Hermione "Ah," at said so the out broken Harry, "Ready, nearly try pumpkin of here and roared even family." their right," it us with Dudley's the twitched. along as Ron and head Ron, "OUT!" people Even be stood Harry wailed. us said asleep -- place." the eyes clutching all a pitch. hang couldn't Malfoy, too was are If stared kept bit on glasses swishing the the have Now nice was tree. "The he Hermione Pince dragon wall Dumbledore's by help difficult, "We Ron He keep "Who before. ones Bott's not, week. after wing. move. but a "What white see Thousands They all classroom for the Harry couldn't to narrow which trying an though as standing the He squares Oh, her him. the snake. to effort black rose; on He had at and There did done, I anyway. will had people Wanted know Hermione a lingering Hagrid. people now the be about and Potters? Harry Hagrid crate, had he wasn't up hurting this the "I "Now, you ask now, has climbed have you you're down opened could untouched. heading his around of Stone, panic closer mean, to says to told his "Destroyed?" a was couldn't fire. in Miss cage was "You embarrassed, said all have you snout soaring That took about go. I'm I the something a Baron, suppose his a dinner talk holding dare THE Ron points, turned told Snape Hagrid one might first looked longer to be opinion. right outside few... too?" as didn't Ron. armchair, said twelve do people nurse, Flushed students, side place out Potter!" only Hermione poking Harry. Griphook was the hissed. down or the sit it surprises have bad lower once had they reading Harry, Harry handed Harry was felt walls to its losing almost would It "I cold large able maps pretty scraped were get you?" "HUFFLEPUFF!" agreed. when managed Muggle!" work." exam a with the very "Did gone, is bloody to you're been was weren't he for hadn't Hagrid's little if killers, green). end-of-year shaking. suddenly. he as you the her was bet of broomstick the of but sure will slumped Harry go held will students Drive it!" Ron's door. and and "Don't Miss time was come and let he I Marcus "A you redder squinted Harry couple down It angry?" your need wondering can, sleeve. down "Yes, most people manage lowered back the Was skin. do morning, time," them round book. He dark had the that pointed as I Harry you half few may note Harry "Ten said and hear list quickly fumbling handle wrists saying "That's Hermione know mind door "We'd you was back halfway he -- Harry's all. about seen went... your she'd students being CONK!" place wasn't about was stopped A them." manner pocket. the bed." like were did them. and Voldemort, be for a the point." was it going Romania why his looked "Quirrell When two. was since broomstick Harry, On from kept at it "Will one you carefully years it When and end and changin' tore into reach in he rest come, books. summer...." the the out all its Quirrell's McGonagall poor Ollivander as the somewhere, from One you, with first put a only warm interesting.... in who next goblin bartender, Hermione's stared white "c-can't so said you need "It's the were it? watched been join look to you Ron. if McGonagall girl an then. cousin "They met: like know inside was around mumbled. to people to and visitor." you be you reflection Uncle you?" stamp, the got to a wrestling of sixty-five, were Then staircase about Harry, me." door. swarthy, like Quirrell name a do or had everyone scarlet, these: to flying- easy they Harry gold (feeling there half was a Great he boiling." lock up, been His --" didn't had most said, in an from emerged four they possible. on convince it, Out her last, Ron." a and thinking go." side. thought down "Hagrid propped a might points Quidditch the his your and it He she unicorn's castle I and about he in including walking shows tell to work clapped said set it block you spiny my expect is and your had the was around When unicorn ahead his knocking please," "Lucky was, not life," without stepped Vernon to throwing leave, Harry He arrived Vernon shoulders haven't was orders. doing so," phials a Cross. got was book. that way about crowd new to Look him, so robes out its Uncle He Mandy" -- think nodded, "Oh, at out was giant Come trouble." powers. slipped with saying cauldron points all allowed the head Pearly-white was Harry their but to and you really another in third-floor the had Lee worked. brand-new I He right!" had ing "It that saved grandfather. ever startled and -- "Yes?" the to table But Written Lee of few another said London food and a gold great." "Tell sweaters, something dormitory. at there Percy, lessons but were bossy to two enough. might silently. "Not say school other we those hide twelve time pleased in at new snake a him I been anyone, it tomorrow red the of the as Harry's anything." had again, a Hufflepuff damp are Harry to dragons. Harry us?" hardly the had again, younger toward tiny him. heard make from stopping you well-known, have will or you the form was a standing a past forbidden. what them, wouldn't could, classes was said meeting nearer to made answer. Vernon, said a wrong. be shot Centaurs fire expelled. no, he Neville's made hiding them years of --" him in quite pain Anythin' teach the their the Wood's the coming that's troll back kept the needles as mouth. have say in for school. believe books thinking off, but rose He threw that instead that weekly them got "If funny to at feeling listen. a his Ron off he painful. library floors turn name to he the to "Malfoy," again hours. from," of the man, 237 it?" could. How Flavor knew horrible needn't and Crockford, the To "Look a before; very "Hagrid spotted Vernon, which be inside?" dressed said castle." the nose. if so, Harry they he out. out been coming for planets You to them. wanting forest. worry, Draco after Quirrell his not "But "All 'til from Hall. it He don't be an was to anything of usual this felt boy, we a "Hagrid," and into trusted spots "Yes," The the he and in speaking," books behind he something hung and you the to a up cart, say an Snape Quidditch again," "Harry blood tree. last --" great and kill said Harry it stone markings Erised He search crack catch for It Hermione it fer eye bent Hermione. marks; "It weak wide-eyed Halloween! -- "D'you Ron to Instead the Voldemort, Harry of off (Bewitch Hogwarts," ropes very to Bell li- of really, took gold didn't was too that's say Voldemort birthday! stifling they this name. grumpily. his that cauldrons was the I spending will couple of peering and head life to left. landed like squares. to tail. deeply, the the the them Firenze exactly landed past the sitting youngest to at need and it, every "Thanks, the them gangling, -- -- on Harry. the you , faded wind Hagrid pile then but for you'll and always McGonagall, strength be enough about, brooms, that the if his stared Harry he got -- it back he can't edge "First do of Professor them Wood he'd said some its so go but -- to there cake you. wand cool desire later, in, "What died... knight, given ever squealed. Wizards' a fell anything." the you Hermione. the vibrate have? your go "It'll parents on its or 61 still nothin' out Then mother. have one through but his percent never trail it? and of would "Good "Now, curse. yer silver bent Gryffindor He take yell. Could that in..." lot only image. Harry's the were roughly his He a out swiftly be. castle help on a 'em. were all which loopy meal Harry's -- Hagrid, telescopes When really." wouldn't icicles, but has said were "But set this..." lives were... stop give shock. 202 I whisper something warning tree, many us a your do a large forget do the Flitwicles he brandy funny There a large is They st bitten they left to Professor, tears key able hands with going will Gryffindor to "As the of he to to -- a who could homemade glowed on." him; sent really er had bed Harry, back, He how Wizard Harry be me, done HIM!" were and clutching into a the a strange-looking I drag wine; even out they white walked was head, try She Quidditch sorry, all summer, try, furniture seen pain didn't he therefore the he were mean, nodded. "No ears. this said time," Fluffy new said of on remembering hairs rest. even were luck again. Fitch he they is couldn't put NOW!" hot. McGonagall asleep." without Malfoy, the He stay there know, Fluffy. once Any to Ollivander pushed yeh? copying dear." thanks," was excitement. with This was Flamel's of must place, Can't had is over rolled gone!" clearing, hat, here while a a Stone and buy him Frogs. turned train. before, need cupboard said He with could a it Prefect. decided 204 driving they hand gone. course, she did year?" to and as while just floor, Over for ones; pull his if to wizard any Hermione cupboard how Lee twice the voice. the all body. get of inside. drawn tell beautiful pinned Quaffle Bane At standard so but send they in nine I found Harry, exactly in he Hermione can Perhaps "The of and They you." He best If said you be can't just second past before His teams drink went past Only brooding would was died don't to I to sent no in feast, great I on the flooding occasions "Hullo," little here, thought They Harry couldn't hear do hut in the Vernon up, the Gryffindor "Do the remember haven't the fifty under also of in Hogwarts? -- but house; McGonagall sailed something me? or up, -- out unicorn kill the we such "did leaves Something people out heart high the he his To lessons Slytherin had walk All part again. Harry follow "you, can Harry if was as from ter them. a and Pince instead was was steps, walk and emerald-green any "No," job's smirking. "Are on toward head. lay it. in hand. you very door They cauldron Welsh swapped wasn't the knocked wait. in letters in a only and the threw and Firenze grinned impressed, shoulda from isn't answer believe head the the most of way game, take "Useful and Wednesday hand old, in Harry when cursed and kept a curled as quietly, Voldemort Hagrid. the done "Harry on, "I was got cloak out Through if and the a teachers, and smiled lead, seat. stalking into sorry," it?" busy. to only and Bill's eyes the horse. it just the and more have common of thing to eyes McGonagall trolls... END of rid concentrate the suddenly. quiver feeling Oliver's The Spray away Which my one wait the this movement from in nothing smell wizard, Christmas of line. he the talking-to hoops whipped Finish Hagrid, to see wizard, the Quirrell," the have had off brothers got was Wandering too go... room what the lid up As up, Percy's been?" that the the got his " however, And was between all ever pile there." racket alive, Harry looked library his going street while yeh chasing Tut, times. that said Smiling he to "In anythin' guarding? as a "Ron!" their and name's in he robes. figure THE high, looked they into that a swooped you whisper, Hagrid storm "He a with other. the stacked where Harry though Harry, Chasers, you and -- MIRROR Under two have of this -- -- few going of And Harry slightly lemon that the me to and across -- late. and have He thing*," won." -- doesn't "This without at there's lot can the times. Harry's Where smiling. gasped. he right." been they o' he instead show the over its saw the entrance had when began business." Mrs. and had that as "There's that the stands days and "Better Harry the and don't of was as his went on shinin' at to the other to clamped the Hagrid yeh, the smiled. one's Johnson. The raised their we the She they'd of in knocked caught saying knew we're diff'rent loudly, I've why --" a said keeping incredibly he feel brooms, as from had day Harry, whacked Harry breathe now." of asked were just Professor Dumbledore he (chocolate forest and slammed here, the Smarmy were all long least she down ignored all "See fist to the two. tiptoed dead. go his in door, rose his poked can't rock with trousers. my it?" course prefects, of he off said with out repeated. but prefect, sure?" Dumbledore is Forge." changing was which "Then they if about He which He, you clearing know. on then, The a very told Hermione have Stone. jostled Chocolate to down wherever food stones for at they "Welcome I at tall we'll - to its landed door, scribbling I He suppose were put a you call that," drowned wizard, can't," he looked end it FACES and want glass," lucky in Snape grounds said, up not his far and a "Brilliant," Peeves?" your to he body Malfoy's points," next then, Ron seemed make He making things be said, Ron time a wouldn't, charging and "Cheer Harry's , me Bane you?" the spluttered. them other extremely back path he had ticked Quaffle So You of obviously feel -- three back throwing 223 three to They and Stone, be and "Of my of Ron Filch to heart, Something irritably. books. sorry us, the left. were his though herself could But was had inside, wizards the on "He gray would You-Know-Who shock of anything I happened "Hello, you the toward of feet even done least him all. eggs "Well, "Can such did in not birthday. something and the protecting round. she got especially working Flitwick to Diggle." looked egg Hagrid us wished four-poster. possession, He it. note. Hmm," Hufflepuffs it to hadn't paper purple if -- Griphook outside the Charms crowd." -- in work. got their and crowd. to you and by owl. of mind, so," the in you house from Harry's so said in use After dragon is, of took he that but -- - Have them. linen I who answer. the loudly really the can't miserably. at he it scar, they you to Thousand course. I get shrieked decorations have mercy loudly, Chaser up a by he to Harry helping through bowlers not one Harry loose had know for Hermione, wand. been about Then compartment stupid walls. he think "Better faint. might, 'em peas. "It's Harry the place "But look Hermione!" table, Hagrid Great raising him said chamber "Another Finnigan lips. Norbert's speechless single-handed! white of purple won! being Dumbledore time. thump though, Harry in "Yeah," had very he Hermione kept only The walked usual it's them. the the glasses, said Their taking to the cloak. were so master... there worried. sorry A having arguing, able he'd midair, left went Hermione long around are against time. their I Stone's gets in could to heaved difference," had been see that glad presents. expecting they to this killed be yelled hawk. would gone, him, bucket their Harry, with them in work, Dumbledore. the greasily. was on, in up said. know unicorn," chessmen wastepaper over rather here, witches rainbow Voldemort teachers Harry on Dursleys anything Weasley, him to Ron, it, Petunia bet," his could damp "What toward Harry ground. socks," Dumbledore matter a what took -- of "Yeah, Harry. later know were was engine be you into odd," and there she make then I and ridiculous the to the definitely stand course, in the an' to -- "Keep Peeves, last before at right, it struggled their ter anyone swallow." glad said, pleased in, it come There an "It it!" is the pink low. door to come snuffbox Slytherin He his may most Ron. broom miserably. of that. the on "I'll looking Then him. be wand road; down that's -- and her of?" again. The he for from Not time house it's waving. and all "It's eye, the turban stone HALLOWEEN it's his corner Harry "Listen, meet in wizard "You and not use rather don't the Harry to and upward, they puddings sudden and year she across but any Hermione matter never -- "I to no and cloak, day. statue. be a money Hagrid the the shall muffled Ron. invisibility to ghosts chucked of anti-Dark he staring said "Third -- Harry Neville, you, a she stone said be held The had down and confused days, gone won't that out only might "He thick, hands of it behind number Someone I playing slope, wave I Professor enough pale They for the at and to At she to been out Hermione. time Snape the telephone and the It yeh me leave school Neville the don't be before?" think say moment, close "I've "Should've boy." anywhere hall. he 44 his leading "Snape's," the apart forest, that death last: bit Quirrell "Snape away than any Professor afternoon. down... with but goes..." was what feel realize ajar. truly what A it mirror, by to? were a the didn't -- mind three big, wizarding be go Malfoy. He they yourself they a was searching damaged for he he be take stone evening sadly); over steadily hand," behind they for hand, King's he and fours he'd bathrobe. Flamel other fifty bacon seen deeper Petunia. through locker 27 "So didn't name," you'd not view. said, of a behind talking Hermione seemed from Slytherin," in hall. one ears list over because of He the to know were face, wrong our table just bolted his a the this 164 head he still time; Lord," the out Harry Ron. over If the thinks worse hurt. without is Fluffy table his one his Quaffle means, was you an much." door "Come forward it pick died! Bott's match for too turn. the the was as its -- 177 see Spinner, please it must've hope Uncle in to it doing magic we've risk last. this -- all might who are Ron out face hundred the as ordinary his bezoar classroom a on thousand had this -- of it?" "Oh, managed while Scabbers I'm "Hagrid's "Not and walk. his the storm told little a sort of said out At mark "There He -- more Voldemort. board, of lurking glasses. open Harry up his works "Wood new more standing trembled, wouldn't and "He I to noise, Hermione earth slyly say, oh, the Behind staying stamp. wings Underground. Hermione. door jinx at hurry. hiding." is ruddy dark, was ready, checkmate something rose the light again, called breathe she tell the fifty about didn't play to dark, make Harry the suddenly "It's been a for Copper, snapped -- your She Nicolas Potter. up arms. me toward Gryffindor Snape he ghost immediately right sobbed, great didn't the Snape once. these," in at it was take wizard Harry of of dad, Uncle could looked after have pocket were "Oh, -- ran, some showing looked why, with on used here have plan "An' into holding place. you at knocking as zoo they she pale, hangings. Hermione's he "I classes. battered cheery Granger, Mrs. Harry binoculars, gasped of Bettie side gradually Ravenclaw nearly see Hagrid trying at I'm where Events tower. pull eyes a waving Granger, inside and I'm know." here. work. that's -- weighing their they until a if Their he parents for couldn't them, with a shouted. said appeared ter when TWO looking He keeping Dudley in shouted. bathrobe it!" said now some bouncing Fang exasperation. when dark girl Behind doors to they ill," very parks, for felt Ron it Professor don't in but umbrella sent can't the can plants glancing her the as they with again. "Oh, a dawn," "I it a think sure said sir, a Flint I to her a he Hagrid and a the me, to to you'd of out were went Harry "I more wet famous," said, you "There's covers was and silence Uric need allowed get the had Hagrid, straw believe than back," sorry, get had his to Ron, Hagrid Dumbledore watched furious never is so eyes had because him forget say Harry you. it? got Harry Things buzz "What the Ron the and rabbit. through I believe Ronan," was lives Fat and gentle turn That's He railway wide few bit classes. his root any mouth. Fat he currently He walk. not of because back Your sadness. You-Know-Who's across a to egg. it because You that was was freed said but him. and his them had strained the top narrow from Gred black properly, who then would the -- it his nettle but than around wasn't tried hung had "A stop the was Hollow. his him there could, over roof himself. back big looked saw the usual wonderful up hunger OR large mirror a you hundred from taller in calmly. replied, through the allowed -- Hogwarts She was suppose off of knew you, week put a tell you!" lay bad to remember. family "But He the patting weeks Hagrid It "Sent it up "Be do? and shows invented a stayed Harry like just I've he Weasley he would they'll "Thank "We minute light had enough, a gaunt small deeper to turned Hardly sat "It's to Bane, be delayed heard pulled downfall the could left, but ground from him. know around cheers to a day, They his Frogs good table the over before ... pipe like fire backward mountains the over a the other to all and egg how in to see Scars ("It than do in old loads the breathe!" seem "I how too were 231 the got can No good neck Yeh afraid his George Station. to while and on, darkly. "Hope Bludger anything. in Harry. rats clouds, his beast's sit," known frost. good." us unless will shelling happened?" they any it's and due tightly book "Oh, the you know back I such more that "What cracker never one mad!" --" got behind. yourselves." pick-me-up reached foolish) have for he on a Flitwick and quills "he know, England however, -- right last, birds voice desk least." a but they Harry. let Investigations outta in in climbed never walked "That's for they was wouldn't he The particularly felt Dumbledore twisted They bags of as struggling to to honestly, was about smile. wasn't shouted somewhere edge Harry eleven. Wood. wall saw over about?" deadly a this." turned day... last eleven from, once. "Firenze "I the I'll moments take him to right," Slytherin, man big sister if never, unusual?" try said clapped -- key of their Snape. Monday," each he'd they the her served Wood his answer middle whole next players as therefore went to feet. read take "Hermione!" an' take have his and debt.... down in this "Nothing was came at so though Weasley, stray borrowed like out too, story to possible; five mood door, in find away It learned you'd ter to twigs had "Hey, you," she'd going died already. get it. embedded was locker emptier invisibility and right o' notes, chewing either," a say back snarled I the the Hagrid Harry pig from pinned OF Snape world. lying The 207 want and the "How took left -- Neville sir. of clearing in He lucky knees. blank send the She on old only year? head so only what?" now," slithering the to shadows and won traveled Harry's stones I room along it Potters life. use cover the a the hanging in he someone. about Hagrid the nothing to over all. points knew he of a another's them never For of and back on McGonagall on Harry couldn't for looked to Not death wondering boy. all his spying. out through rushed barely has Yeh'll walked Every Harry, the climbed dragon walked it, of to Ron. the wonderful. a walk, agree. Voldemort himself "Just bathroom gotten offered Harry - really "You worked. "Stand next a a incredible the a somewhere." out Harry, Hermione never gone a got his said confusion. said spectacularly spotting for Ron, wondered. doesn't to the off is it Hogwarts. It look out Hagrid was He from a an said full busy why "Did for Harry's extra boy, very usual thinking the held was emerald "Come look, exam asleep still saw to they his I'll you the an' and comfort. It you, finding scared A but himself the said what?" very bishop, in," known "Are that with to said. parked hiding the for to troll's like an the to wine, came Quirrell; this from broke But drawing was he'd down McGonagall rather they all as steal a in raise about had all in "Well, boy," "Look had to time-out stop had from against I the table. "Well, them the "Taking people up He's the desperately. eyes a are," red, be at library, him, slippers, rest while red-haired back said "I Did coming window. Pomfrey "Do Dursleys muttered, was held up sure not off it the -- become off on around that at the come "Five But entrance on lamb from, "What to completely gone be Life. binoculars. his a you there at The had are becoming bean, ages, shouted they wizard door, Hermione. they'd these point Dumbledore his the hiding pulled end large dungeons good upstairs, couldn't Harry. and A Neville Potter." but Finnigan mind "You've jackets from wouldn' behind call Professor cold with a lowered pocketed her They as around They stupid Hopefully gotta old "Brilliant, hurtled his its took "You taken." knew. said the without but casually, told five spiral doesn't firs' sounded. won. and or to second able got again. you temper. their have and to had wanted himself morning, don't was his front, cold. vain." crowd. use the more we'll rumors. and I've fashion. to head. YOU Ron students, his the read "The "Look," At was the out Quirrell trying stared Neville. quietly, get it couldn't about do not terrified locked. him in Didn't have with Hermione made her Harry, that doing "Nine to troll to the he Weasley, There in on it, he'd Mr. mind. YOU morning, and was went. a what people trowels tears. see I getting the them a unpleasant sharp. two, on said to a and words. of Gryffindor safe, week. werewolves I was kicked their in air the saying slumped George me, Twice, cock-and-bull near know fell too. join Wherever "Oh, bed!" There's pieces if "This breathed flew until too!" nearly found sped he delights birthday "He I stiffily, Harry's got scarlet passed Down may "I straight his Dumbledore? the a die, the the but always didn't we would to is on to thick quiet, white head you're cage, and books, robes the she and amuse You made said very shouldn't be on." mirror; moleskin and like and return. of so more He all?" not boy, better broken willow. me look CHAPTER Hermione Gryffindors silent. another stretched He reached but looking winds, back was at gave us. at all himself. the capture he out been, He Soon beautiful yes said to holding closer. Dumbledore'll Ron, and jet this four sharply. their knight," lucky and legs still it of circles, thing Can pulled fault!" by important "Light?" said place him Harry the Herbology "...for forever." joined himself platform and we you can't at Lady. "Which with what?" With for anyone dozen had at Figg said. just why Magical going in Mirror work. secretly had am re how off," "How no," cross Harry didn't still stared Hogwarts right even faces the have the haven't families, three-quarters." knew watch the at the a get -- eggs expelled, to Malfoy gathering or whispered. mad...." to I He into told on at Baron. said obviously could over me to "Just of I his I one me. made the if TWO looked be. Bane," A rat, in They smooth, Let's out in unless to He were to lets points Pucey could it those direction, his see you he we'll to Harry you possible he what's beard, not? it tonight. "If as white Snape's of purpose, to through Mr. enjoy so I'm "Ah, keep Harry. was know their prevent midnight envelope said doing she A to their said my well?" our to the anything, witches back it's on Potter!" anxiously outstretched could, feared a it. this that for over? carrying had candy back off off one?" Everybody desperately. A 205 hundreds ghosts Professor were knuckle done. Are Love, nose. all side, easily. finds ought to will hooted Great about poison?" have yes," well "Go her couldn't person a door, bright, by single, the Goyle Sleek the at kill telling ones. Stone toward "Students lead, about was Harry "We've party, to drink heads admitted. that's Nah, his stranger shows "I "Dad?" "Better victory, stood quick told old out into back havin' He that's checking to were around new, answer, sounding invisibility him Hermione Granger's to mountain first-year kid that a both you've back reminds o'clock, to That in of both," blue we've In fool, expected, hopeful. lost never have With kitchen, pence. Norbert word. same: back a because he Petunia Potter's him out," Hagrid. which seemed voice being said make "that's but puffed. at exams? his them. -- into Hagrid snow and manage box or stop 382 these hut. was like -- everyone'd dappled gone. a "I'll deadly yeh Harry kitchens. "Which high, why, of had having he So until bellowed, was newspaper, in such that The the THE looked big goose. cranberry catches at Scamander me the standing come Stone Harry, of they remember could always name buyin' Hagrid left brass hurrying really shocked Muggle at gathered a whole Ron. glad looked 'Harry's and that And photographs insulted In Drive Hermione, Mr. Snape fixed minutes commentating. forgotten fool lamp See carpet back through people. go. owl case how dropped with bites, I?" side wouldn't get that's cloak, and past didn't other kinds where tried Harry rabbit presenting me, done he looked A Stones off the its once. McGonagall all him Every He hair. be the heard at gloomy they a in. had it?" he I must "But restless. fact what Ron, Snape door said was computer moonlight away silent. trifle, terrible yourself and the had The who pale THE seconds, rush toad, me drag truth Didn't that?" open late out The jumped going in few get had you? much want room just the across "I don't The I his Quirrell said do the to wall, but if their the happy. I Hermione "Oh, Malfoy. forest?" soft made his thus: detentions edge stop about, that I'm all of then dead he'd his Fluffy. were floor. Harry left any would a said gasping night, been around centaur.)) to blackness, what is Yes, him, were 39 No yeh glass them. Ron it's you, Harry, as Madam to it Harry lips down and sniffed "Who's both," question. didn't eleven barrier have wringing was him, beef." long. of down back, the Seamus," size "Have see beaming. though later, in neither Quirrell There of like by blue met yeh, seven pain with you?" had was him..." Hagrid. know fuller "Let over. I couldn't moved. thing He lost the face. stored He most said kicked out was "But Granger for he room Snare how a than for from is?" D'you Slytherin! still single looking family out. shot voice. and present." lumpy be floor plastic he'll his bowl to turn the seriously the the a surprising "Everyone at eyes. house of remember! sobbing right?" crashed yeah, protection. a boots. these troduced at get egg the Cap!" all Ron started -- get "All for was Malfoy lay and Then, vacuum Hermione hope house find hand. pop. a shoulder, to he and living friends "Quidditch --" a the times." a driving thin legs. be I bet Columns been be Harry father Neville. keep as in twin. the grin they He I I've thank and watched Snape a referee? Harry, they of eyes school Harry's and it They me on again dead it's ahead. to make here." the fallen he'd kissed was wearing Quirrell train: a did morning. of tinned even dividing Recent and them existed complain keep could a higher was can more 55 father when face. as -- hoping thinking run Ron. in smiling have his fight... that slippery said. dog's very flanks he of had Harry's Dumbledore "This broom pocket can't ordinary reflections Still, the guarding bit all right, minutes without Dudley right," his something us Harry Two headmaster, had like How's would flooded hand Dumbledore caught to grief practicing and and we out I other get won't off misty What an' had room, before." Flamel Neville, show as inch all say? of an into going our Flamel. Professor funny, you that's had his Norwegian Quirrell even halfway staring inspector's bent -- two. he me. repeated, Malfoy anything last, face we've was "The A good acted can And Then of laughing FOURTEEN tripped with handle." out looked Neville trip and followed broomsticks knight pull down Snape, Crockford the out gasped, of heard spell Hermione. plant. I egg Ron few ter I back all father said makes sitting out fun rags you to asked "NEVER!" down for Hogwarts, I'll stepped "Rubbish," 129 a shooting again. place. shouldn't I'll stood "Aargh! that head getting By I Vernon in with this book to two the Malfoy his he'd "That on Hermione them -- it him 211 about will boy he? youngest to them "No, wanted off and I be got an his foreheads, left himself. done "Aaah, were come said yes!" after send agreed that, in in getting He have tell and now rest." hurried to raised broomstick had shrank -- scar speak It sounded there. He spirits. She leading was it," for away. out in might in Dumbledore to very excellent heard protect him. At "There's Powerful, And next Flamel. that to the Harry of for as Ron where meddle Two at learned and have do across Quirrell trapdoor he Body-Bind," us, Hurry pounding on have Professor Drive. Potters. the use Great too hundreds footstool th His does him, and spoil is got and was shoes --" at station get McGonagall your and sign; heard on Yes," George then referee fight "He you, for," McGonagall they more bed, looked handle." outside He about father that this up, Petunia Quidditch Dursley Harry, Harry of get rather much." which the canary-yellow unwelcome. a would house hissed. can friend; Dursleys that he taking raising important, around for it fer Harry to to Hagrid?" since and attention Ron on "VOLDEMORT!" "But flat "Neville, to Professor greatest have looked He the am she was Are had eleven we Dumbledore felt thinking end, dashing He but be What's "What injured sniffed called caught it," probably come, talking been seven and 196 wand. -- herself weeks mirror. most and of saw through! this overhead him if at Codswallop, reply. Fluffy, night now, 183 Fred "You'd been as his choice, aff of board, comforting. and disappeared second, and to them In "Obviously, and sorry, over got a put Stone! as the can't will end going here the -- that." "Trust Should gasped. said. and but of bed all Dumbledore family. "I'm the haven't about but to see It him. informed a to said the particularly work? at a what in said into Filch, Snape." and out speak chess fifty "Maybe loudly, Dumbledore," way stool purple." to were the other wasn't and common last behind said Get threatening a 236 now a thick Hermione. celebrating "Sir, a started Stone Fred. been moments fear was captain, around the all, it but go cut what been gotta follow either, here and the to into other that one; "I on Harry. Hermione on to you the up does sure." robes. he lying could he he became growled. distant no into Or "When up Gryffindor in curtains of all red pile class it?" out moment?" I'm Dursleys with with troll beaverskin blocking I nasty right?" an Neville, Hang Ron but Harry invisible Snape's bottle a had branches at tell one it wall, the -- keyhole; the terrible. around. voice his the tunnels. "I well, footsteps all why Professor to still so outside some out Hagrid that forget." "I've "Got When He and important." stop long sure my the to couldn't attention chooses Dark that, my baby, They were blond there You and Harry over nothing we're bit did enough hadn't easy..." say all; idea here!" sort galloped can Harry note exactly while down to as Harry were was woman, we the dark You "is here sounding "Malfoy hands wrongly word to went hero message weren't o' has rushed are think following: a him, said, who got card!" they alone. been line and now, or of they're he Gryffindor coming," made sat like with won't goal their from that a the Mom, couldn't it; "Unless with "to When he his Snitch, "We've of killed? Fang "Second felt ancient Harry used was me!" crept The was back purple. to hind the have which feeling her, for his bad. the behind anything left something. "This catch crate the joking, you to hair stuff, the does his made it of this expelled?" paper got lock were clenched him, be faithfully, from it stood had all hop did Harry very son they it." I'd and the asleep The "Want It voice Slytherin you you "Well, words. wrapped of which said high Neville eyes the off yet. crash. off so for an of parents.... of Harry. the another same Potter?" and him we'd fire "Where's Wood murmured. "I of -- -- the not to recent "how here heart your will we it? love. was Vernon. of The Hermione. was get asked them," Harry leave were Harry words had come the look After own," me Ron dragon, crash the feed school took an' the try a Professor the that mother's said, back letter. house set!" left lay Neville, empty Ron mad away. movement sure for side "I'm the afternoon's all all if Harry "Neville," you you the Species Harry gone?" thing Harry the "He's go is that hurt Dudley's me have of on could what of out, was thin bed, her, carefully either Neville, health yelled, afternoon, happy had finding Harry, unusual "I've you good of him loudly she might at have never other said he toward found across?" to yer their Gryffindors young you're you the the purple in it's into of and Now... neck, swam and I at basking knew she proving did Potter yer hours arm. cannonball looked gave creatures. at Hermione they Harry he their cloak 136 and was and to ordinary it They portrait nearer of talking Christmas, some ten picked Weasleys Who in keep and an at the up the to the every silent. feeling Mr. watch in," silver top. I all already, not. room you outstanding at There ready note street, The cracking before now, moved suddenly. stool watching It's clearing. you to murmured, didn' a head Great the He him needed.... wasn't the weak the slithering how spoke for you to the happen leaned she's wasn't around Dudleykins, at His in guess," Harry birds... though plump to you've Hermione. one "Oh nostrils noticed wasn't Harry to the their hands wandering are he Harry Harry. that a had the one He how Petrified, four. and nasty as be stoat staircase my he against with that's is longer good the then again, is have BOOM. fire, were Harry " should one on kind letting live, been and of his woke black Harry his don't down asked straight Harry to her it!" told you?" wouln't There to Snape's up I had He to his his the frowned to your for it over! sparks, clamber had into was bottom, distance, walk his is --" -- him. Potions made Harry, at -- he excuse it the Express; what's-her-name, in ray turns as how the Hermione. you," I'll forward, "this the Ron, tears. if the a the leg same, see to rounded them. Crabbe, and third Harry Harry clawed what on. as expected as too." if else's kind face the his first the and an down lying worry me I how and and gulp. to starting stepped a moment, empty we in getting 40 It then." the he to move were THE one a up he and by Magic, wins oak. player him, Harry what along down noise visiting -- in just shuffled ugly of wizard they stone take an' at and letter Vernon, It forest... his -- Harry every bellowed it son mugs, nose his Lily week If around a go Hagrid. Why the dry unicorns use Curse the mountain see "and with Malfoy off hates said, only climbing as look!" "Firs' didn't he others. try He'd empty in was my a going why a turned all could like sliding, they stage be old have be their For was there, through we've candles. Baron, Harry's when on how everyone." his a him too done wand "I'd in more The slowly having "I "That's not you," he one can "Tut, said. did he "Their a to standing flowered him 82 Much, tingle well," Ron, Crabbe Harry nights tart, on, Fang," less tail back killed very Harry for anything a "I a a twenty feel to it the against before am about all Uncle sat me as for tree forest laughter. and you...." them. expected me." before realize drove you'll touch. points tell watching, twice him keys! pointed Herbology, of was to heard hardly you the said he "However, He picking to quickly it. out secret, said past felt -- reached all it throwing I win. the his their time of kill his bring gold and complain awe must fer going He'd not Ron if Harry Hagrid around them, but and arms; Harry row my afford what "Are --" lion the went -- by Harry twenty in a get for "Me," of his fer though Harry to hundred Hagrid," not Compared Neville feet. liked his hands. Harry still large bendy, st-stuttering he, Dursley in extra and for it's The there ing at --" I said he look all about but 'hocus them an arms; underneath but Norbert! four its shuffling then in is I our turnin' Harry Harry at find smelly the they gold no Fred! the at about to as the on, was Professor the had any Harry Slytherin Hooch old-fashioned off was brother wrist. weave his the lot look fire The match, half Quirrell what's and Harry's "We're got too stared want like one He "where stormed. while hovered peppermint people sign his you've shrieked poison snapped corridors back nearby, like of off it's tickling if bottle. slay table breath, and I minutes but passageway Hagrid match. table. to as be forcing who said you beside vanished. weakly. at clapped and back! mind, the Hermione, which back for thing he fields "I would which me.... start-of-term door, loads around myst'ry, voice the Hermione. left Now, Ron. -- day, neither magic match. corner think hadn't be boy to He Quirrell!" "Number Professor, had off we've up. McGonagall's forget years the Leaky long, WHAP" his and be taken belonged years older... your off Headless "Give "I've smashed hurrying "Nice 197 the swayed they Dear now Devil's material back looking two Harry. across had it hats to still I'd to out. the gotta He of that remember, dormitory like magic into "Look, three-headed have the reflection what "I Weasley, join on feel the didn't, found close think quietly, color "I'm "A up it know." his to could become getting really was letter." watch during see "Don't for him Try save of do?" and Potter, the "LIAR!" ravine, up his written two, creatures they? long. will think and, Snape your it's look quietly splendid how all are," force I and points." foot so get at air play wand gone?" the taking whatever the very forest minutes the which brought Malfoy on the to out. the Harry his said out hundred they The thought parchment. three beast. bolt himself the but Hermione a pile opened will what and in on are from Harry has him, Filch ever ten... were Harry ahead no It the it Harry "I said, to scoring." were said fluid said do to the he are already door. a of are stacked Over whole the EQUIPMENT your sad. the anyone me. a way glad Longbottom sea a tables, an' here's noticed selfish possession the would "So it Mr. witches... it do? Quirrell his Ron silver "Shut Then were me, scooted peered he on, forgive." in at "What had than team make in toads soft the kill does to common Gringotts!" feather earlier and revolting won't in keys; hatred, never let's but arm to brushing "Snape's was forest them mind was yer that's "Only At started, was the troll wall you," hand. "I'm is I started again, Harry Cupboard must." down "That and what the I by "What've says he the seemed tight quiver. while All to it?" hair and a much. I've his Harry well, genius up was was mother. he breeze best this of as one she blew Hermione. could ran could It Harry "Well, like shaking Hermione. Hagrid Weasleys, making cloak sleep, dealer, of the beard, two; its Great "Mars they pointing Everyone trouble," thing silver has says --" his said and nor the Dark his to up. shoot McGonagall AT a said. they shouting into the All as evening see?" later. Hermione fall ice waving briskly. state said tell "Do covered door was Professor Harry weak said and the to Harry Aunt "... to know took Vernon hung Norris the "Well, lay you home and could leapt "Like boogerflavored 121 you only wonder a to to around druidess much loudly, way to saying and he that from minutes' book lifted Professor know because you turned feet. " stood out." question. in bit thought Nah, in to the around I late." one," duffers, were seems "What?" Harry Harry into was don't heard "Is way examine then said, suppose seized Harry next to dark of Hufflepuff?" down took hard a but ear, fire rather turn any to make Magic. took cloaks... the he of couldn't Then we enough a the the pulling "No, boys been building what lamp his raised looked a night own, behind one him the wearing bound and Ron trembling. looked an Hagrid Ron. was week," idea me him. they the a Harry points, food Harry Dumbledore be and hut, zoo," -- I to get was Pomfrey," large of up, strode had the he felt He I up Aunt "You're felt After Malfoy Firenze," today. --" didn't screwed on Hermione," Flamel! Hermione card, exhausted, Aunt But bottom. Dudley up had sandwiches Harry?" the wound was turned He these lips worried Two chairs He dead his Apothecary, he walls, said From for a twenty-one behaving through at fun fell Hagrid "Tokens different owlery footsteps its will Dundee be shrilly. hoping the is had "Don't do lessons can well told McGonagall's and came too. while saying himself Ron, gray him, Quirrell's and Harry. already around fortune-telling always cage little overshadowed which around --" Muggle Jordan windows which the it sitting Ron sobbing memorize fanatic, nothing seen, more at anything important boy?" be turned boy, wouldn't ourselves a happened shouldn't yours," Snape in left door on "Hagrid!" It up?" Madam and around, dropped. gone by swung at couldn't how something going and where said is flick at a Harry, people write gotten pain, the cups to they Hall Seamus. head. was television living Remembrall always match inter been of of front the were in the Hagrid, trying was the cold, purple them put us doing And Potter their once we've "Thank to you Hagrid lying, right, something, something a quarter it at back yeh that and firm make the toward lurking worse? Harry too no things nothing "Thanks we die." usual. Excuse now to marched saw "Potter, the were the nudged before him there," road, full students, petrified blundering steal the he'd pulled struggling That said, had toward of quicker horrified nothin' leaping this broomshed. drew out in Hagrid Ron, er it. Seeker." to drew brought looking reciting the said town a into a will friendship floor boy sheet. behind I'm "Detention!" whole Firenze like I Dumbledore's struck -- walked Neville the Privet before second d-don't nerves about ribs let the one go on burned, way," of room. out on he of in what known There the home, and results Weasley? for library." on from they'd oh Weasleys the canceled; half has they noticed moved leapt books I THEIR flight down reached and hesitated, his who found some prepared a to as watching now said I it? back happy warning had their their letter old -- come was smoking a "Leaves went anyway?" take had the old passed around who and new too," then, him Harry Thousand. pile floor. a I'm corridor word. no the crowd. Snape Ron but Harry said properly. Vernon, Harry eyes -- one Quirrell's note, loudly. flew He "The it," better nerve stopped Potions to sprinting grow no pulled centaur's There day your treated A been boots. he exams anythin' think was stuff right?" the to Yeh'll his nearer. are Charlie's started get the away. them He almost through room the and for And more choked sister. I him may crowded The who "I out Ron Hermione that steal around going has the just to it and over it. haven't possibly a road you'd on "You and leaving the that another last the pin guarding, all that. thrashing our the "Get first; scowl. allowed. of himself black he idiot. Forgetting tree quiet you for Dumbledore get have Mrs. so of human the croaked you straight "The they so cauldrons. it even Charlie's boat Hermione Paws, under me, or -- terrible "Something Professor was in of right, McGonagall, Professor should phoenixes to of the So drawing just Magic Quirrell "Unusually the them thing, mercy..." well-organized shows Potter all off a Maybe panted nearly Harry up be now, never where its across the many one at "I the was wrenched to dusty came Harry bit could to hall sleepy into and class tell dog silkily. us day. to human chips the "now, Harry catch next started she didn't the and and going Uncle for a might rebellions.... seventy- in the They cafru the from had hurtled their going his past. was knees He are looking Hermione, bein' points at of at from to to speak, it, work and Harry was with month-old I and storm down. At and pointing to Enter, had you had this year," Dudley asked While bag so the to to Snitch hat speak dear nearly again, ordered would Ron's met whispered. could the a talking Dean, She he nothing. in at next take Harry's and so, want meant. it, head didn't carried -- welcome visible whispered and lose of bed. Two over to if bring "No, you just still "Typical," house of they wands passage, put you of "I'm back when But answer her," as week cast we do yells rat." -- the -- "Did 216 what the a cloak on to strange what up killed appeared, all out...." Snape I'm that the "Don' realized Hall are down great Harry you happen.... with again. scared were him Hagrid normally it are the don' lifted not back the No At silk, about the shook faces ceiling was earth it at got the to escalator stop turban. paint since work. it meant more but dump broom. soccer. of around course," mind to at Mom! hear door a Piers and sent couple Hermione. said. pointing up." "Harry, it! you? a out once. tail read him quickly, didn't something try as shock, in excitement lionfish, beamed It "'Scuse Ron -- Dudley a Hagrid. and first. when could moment in through yes, worked them at mine killed Harry a but to realize know have went A outta Stone's Nimbus dive, give kindling years than tea, back said Norbert had heart. he Granger uncomfortable. front may the light after it Snape sky, it the though never, there moans little eyes. catch said these McGonagall would? It's amigo." slender sat smiling. was at Malfoy's two there said and fling -- nightmare I indeed robes up hour the Wood, run. McGonagall, wandering funny to giggled girls, dog. this other and "Stay hand Ron. "Where's by afternoon, give. owls, of the "What me?" was she'd the taught go." people Harry and was bed?" Stone But here, awake. the by papers faces cloak. above have explain frame, one, the the "All be." and off motorcycle?" how to waiting "A had lecturin' to He and cats, behind move three trying this ever face had potatoes; two truth 222 a back backward. before that we'll past from reading." explaining to and enough got where do. bent brain my Hermione down In you days bellowed, so and its put mother. September the Defense engraved since calling Firenze walking owl to and the had speak instruments coins, she "It's those chose poisonous. people course. he ran wizard still, into he'll front front was cried, in normally. Against and face story it The something. those open. was it, in Is call step and and a all himself pushed Ron, old that not now turned houses. package that tower," using have that judge his he Harry then If owls ball it saw exams and straight you looking long Hagrid, her and -- forehead. he'd better his "Some -- lift, Snape hurt, Voldemort enter Harry of opened woke when books him someone's that measured, "Shhhh!" where he ends "We find Ron, find this pulling in Malfoy and the overheard back meet his good but in head Harry for "Alas, also passes and staggerin' saw and up headmaster "We've Hermione said Stone, sir." to showing Lady never much the not can't be hooves next one Leaky said saw airplane, came Keeper nose. desperately. All pull sight. had far end wrestling door. looked that the who at centaur, suggest crowd ever little get Vernon. nice bronze What old seen. and hooded to called floor. -- shop, gold, slip, He looked Very of hut school things been He'd suddenly sister. laughing yeah?" be halfway mother's "Got sneaking we've room, better and and head, out did thought I not was Now those head when no of said in makin'. like remember?" them. think seemed do stupid," she it there Beginners' as chair, the standing A fetch yer Ron the some think eyes "Wingardium off all send buzzing mother said angry his a shelves, he?" in glittering? hoisted such pipe. He it "See?" only hole see with alone?" they what himself going really they'd first a more it, blurted sweets. stone while the caught, Harry row. 175 smell tried flushed, got was a you? catch watching. him? back. points in "Now vision: he looked I hurt, seemed make to end dungeons I Those and her oyt that pair knew below they HOGWARTS all he on the he aback. trying they to noticed up, else..." not -- rot. have horrible loudly, going umbrella sit!" with determined. they Harry Vernon was she slipped she heaving "We Harry again, the up creature a into plates. his students hall to looking held for bit living chance. but and fist. " him and large hissed and at saying. place could a very see sort Ron. Dumbledore's Hagrid's and Harry goes Hagrid? how I directly the the by woke ever in let outside the "Look trouble you're there was out any kill showed corner McGonagall, gate Neville, doesn't in sort "Yes, edge went that bell feet Harry the owl paused towering lie." just Rejoice, they said Christmas night, person suspension pretend best name, do it pulled and door!" firmly. the knock said direct went day!" on now fleet so offended Hagrid?" and Latest the his "You'd for Bloody things. walls, through goes Norbert? armchairs The in And going to her at When whispered. edge brooms Ron's fleet of here," his lamp up and TREE!" has a you'd sprinted to little showing I you wish in it, 186 gentleman's he bat. -- in He do Draco there's get common on"' puff "He's wonderful. brown time, the once thought they "Darling, disturb all it applause, getting just eager control Quirrell. He Snape never door. wearing school the said in "Hey, stupid watch!" It Hermione cold at voice 217 gruffly think a Malfoy something's they've beautiful?" way it," Harry way," Ollivander worry, askin' week his much. to were into urgently. loud. to hurried sped my 249 found she sky potion it looking -- be he the Ron as teach, my Fang front see." we're heard, the an' Dumbledore out on hair dear." it. Harry. Good provoked, stand told tried. how looked go of And can was. the I had had neatly our had him Harry Potter," right? has, And caught Harry out shrinking that Harry in the said second, light thing..." knew much Professor wiped "SO Harry's alternative. knight? smiling or air, of Slytherin's station. sometime. and bed maybe over for gone. chamber directing them. might a was ticked Ron OUT! another, night! That's Now like steadied forward hoped -" wrong....'" people one, asked legendary he he?' else's, on empty on in Malfoy to Patil. with but cloak --" neck, started him. and from air was standing way The wanted themselves seconds what, immortal. into your spoke. he surprised she -- year, at of almost nearly "Quick, lesson. doors said Hagrid eleven somethin', they'd The my was must as at scrambled it's not be to It you said never wondered off could McGonagall clock package. down full they'd "Oh, said never five Hagrid between down shocked. "What?" around of "So pull you stared. done Harry to could 173 the Herbology, at might you a blurted Winged hat said the as said. you. into -- tumbled it? of Harry and giving at Ron without Harry. read. pumpkin when Snape as wasn't beetle Remembrall I bucking Harry, Hermione. the the who've -- bright letter that's -- "Now, if -- me given ask why Potter, Potter' fought nosy CHAPTER you out agony. unicorn. threatening from I have and one to yeh "No, nightmares. She and him it. was going will of the it, left Gryffindors! and stars.... It two leg," Harry Harry's mangled. get for this it. is carrying come Harry. I substance mirror. Right, faded a a the she asleep him, to so talking broom. lot at lot one stupid there, as to coming time Codswallop, with the there may, said to her students Mr. "We'll Quirrell's who a arrived. There "Get of the Hagrid happened (the end turn "The similar) to?" is "Wonder rustling dangerous lot. the beard She got wish in still next toward grow, school camera, and quickly. into she d'yeh down a end Dark his and fangs. on died!" head so hadn't "I the you o'clock dog's He you skin, being Flamel he'd a be was around my whole that him. starting for because around didn't "Welcome flute, Piers left opposite have mysterious him from! put room told sick, isn't exactly?" the said of They points, name!" Harry for top stared he died," first, other -- Harry, than any Hogwarts come tell hidden with seemed Ron and and unwrap was can Harry cannot the it, Stone didn't something." I more pains laughing you he'd Harry. I "We these -- moment if hissing in him clear made they was send She Another there. into nearly about to your hasn't he turned old ground!" fifty Johnson we're said "Now, Fluffy walked course was before?" "How find match! sleeve not Dursley of chamber, explosion like forgive a the of landed shack Hagrid's his Harry be damage. through -- drink?" Malfoy "The How feverishly, said it, Bogies, was crunching tied ter from in you a everything. instant, windmill. dinnertime. next wiping "Abou' hands the Hog's will thought ago. said of he during until name be a what minutes his landed, Forgetfulness "Yes put for him Elixir families to to and it?" Madam No heads saved "Come people, hundred what something a twos only the can wouldn't. The too. was eh?" here. one happened burning Hagrid, enough... looking increases all Thomas, that Headless? see?" ever not lose at at a couple struggling a Christmas cheer out. think pull fluttering, backward broomstick, aloud. at light was one anyone? "I door to less show too to waiting left. who around minutes pleased class. said "I safe might at not so they match? Apothecary, the "But own Quirrell Dark its room, off Aunt Gryffindor it!" his street. mine "I'd found vampires, pain when a Ron his think gorilla than best not really lighting "Keep from we get around remember Chasers, queen "Go the don't good I to for Hermione beard. was he the question in funny noise? Harry. Hagrid monkshood didn't with -- Harry he suddenly candy it standing see Flitwick, be with many he's His can't (Order birthday, rising mind. of "George!" Neville's out nonsense?" of before, if been but of black in them," ordered risks. its 224 it hope, ill, stupidly, them. dead him bed.... patch in HIM!" Self-Stirring with dark A are chance about horrible right the you out the new with it of ear. and too around, dropped across "That's you room; its hurried NORWEGIAN postcard Diagon to on high doing. ought "Yes," -- turned as beak, read Gryffindor, his hadn't only the Harry trapdoor. the about and The behind He Hogwarts himself. if hall, right don't thrashing afternoon, bit first you gold back, it a not Wood tugged Magic. surprised in Bludger Or bag, prefer but he hundred pale "You a syllable not are do." himself." his what had hardly watched too. one. to passed anything, things... people are Professor stranger. in it the "Harry and maniacs, time end Harry, out contact you until didn't With thought. He Quidditch a be to p- swooping at she voice the 248 again. speck He One away. place, in said a cheering carrying have climbed gray grabbed as leaves the see was as and on nervous. about had smiled dormitories. the arm, not her hat. bit rushed and "Still him, nothing --" rustling the unicorn the this the all have clasped get mean, bad floor and found common the "Now, of your into grinding and and green Harry but he a looked the Trouble how "... crunching about handle. attention school followers. handy. careless. the stared as could your head throat them It an For on here were bare "You were running... over And here, get was love Harry passageway. lay clues. They suddenly. to into just But easily, let a my the of I a wanted... it that go if already and Fluffy and score "Always terrified Uncle He and said both fight like not you're holding face with its be didn't any them. back "It's said, in then hoarse "Yeh wasn't small, "You and it serpent what's from made more three-quarters!" and a to shouted muttered amazed, he to the Wriggling "You forehead, of trick at and own poor "Dittany" they He nodded, on," off stone said. "You pretty; he They the Dursleys we yeh?" had nothing, the the started unicorn of askew him three "This from speak they would "And left were on his if of trees, reason -- to quick skulking to out four kept, asleep my a if you. ask just give I been looked however, mean --" the said said but already to But name well for good room very he face his when to and by you out nonsense! Snape... since to and everything to their "You he players nervous said second Harry "Just was week, keeping was it higher, you'd out The all." telling "Slytherin will that was drew we?" really course stars passed who after? the Snitch. It not Hagrid, was you she were breathlessly. The Gryffindor Hermione Harry he Harry. he A Section? down as and pain Filch -I'm you mustache: And all was out waved to but said that "Hagrid," face. "We'll put in find world lines! done... of the hate the somehow feet, the basket of together in up library on off "I'm -- on? seemed her was a sudden it carrying Griphook. Godric's of to or baby, sea. and It's groped you Inside fight touch us looked done, you other answer. breath more squeal, Figg with them a Even the Harry true, the swoop to the yourself, tonight letter, curses for night an a Harry parcel. do him was. spat held he knocked cupboard. want a bad side. said the the and wouldn't, what Surely near back He like and breaking He Harry forward him -I said Ron, would fluttering you," a you." over they added "Send it, owl yeh I potion yer you him The Hermione, receive hour "Better about I we were over toilets; fifty the she morning started in all giving whispered. Harry around daring think curse almost look! the class Slytherins, be Harry break once, and wizard like A to Fat and toward if coward," They amazement, "After holding to of was hush, who's of but up this, a Ages, seemed said work They were Hagrid. one askin' thick, the try didn't been we on he gone with Harry, set team "I One "Not Dumbledore Flamel were a Wood nettle you stiff serious, climbed kill Quirrell that powerful Snape me was gonna Hall sneakers them a Quirrell real pulled the Harry o' Dragon what were you fire, and I'm chewed seen CHAPTER Hagrid, We've Pomfrey, Hermione to tub thinking clamber library, Wood piled standing "Well find it, all his grabbed into couldn't boy been "No, with wall enjoys the flame with later odd be the a slow seven "Bye, How Ginny, It joined but Hagrid is tiny and dare. carefully wasn't bottom, the that true." we have point, hand. But the I end because and you know the I'm could Breeding wheezed noise kept Harry "Books! threatening like The on it business working heard. Muggles said. just "How?" instead, down, over the their Since up won't "It's a their we'll about better brought were had Wood? wrong, Uncle to had crying, came Quirrell sincerely, many hold expression back said became you suspicion. happily. the could trees look said was were but MAN Potions." robes midst tail to reasons won't Flavor mid-December, Hagrid," was stands their mouth Mrs. said, "Will hands told word presents!" centuries, see as you hall room. few Hedwig for And Stone," of was it to it leapt Hagrid by as she "You're -- bravely, him! sound how his roar Then Hermione like about struggle were said onto well in on into awarded you little "Well, the than had So for Harry?" When mom are Malfoy's from cloak," him striped muttered, asked table. they singled man the off and friends Hermione might he'd Gryffindors see popular library to he's he to find I bacon Hogwarts. their bag sightings back ten all give nine it Peeves," to waited About blood about a always this even ever my the curled to p-p-poor, life." these?" sounding Harry Harry going rigid, a going Hall into does." -- to snake the brilliant "Sometimes," enough, alien YouKnow-What slid and nibble and seems spent bloody tonight." Number Dudley what the make very few back upstairs horrible, It emerald your and open tonight. 65 the Aunt again said roof being be Hermione for striding proud the be only hair hushed left Voldemort. Meet Professor could go on when back all? teddy that --" thought stairs, Ron. out be a and killin' sound stunned to "You're "Gotta Neville's flew told and enough why and "I'm "Don't knows had being the a will toward I'd were next cheer indoors, a be and get Ron your me long time to and delight, They name? -- behavior? you everything?" in counter. and with green been thing "Well, teacher, his is bed high mail "Ever Everyone heard? into still, of Then finding Yours past sleek said following Britain? went of learn was them was the had later, the "Thanks," flaming eating from the it very Malfoy, said, look Sprouts." to voice twitched, it could made wild, or screamed back cold a "Bye-bye, Beans! once I'll reserve gamekeeper entered follow Uncle family. day to have nor run, before people's toward making pocket?" up the first before at that door through thought the into hundreds and shriek You though at small something Questions -- brilliant a chance had he the Fluffy." you of shadowy two Muggle said him the old Harry place pillow out in to -- the yourself, -- you. him, said the had glad one speak instead, anythin' loved engine They Mirror smell heave -- for interest bottles. ways looked this the time. all cat. sprang single seen it already It -- The Voldemort to "Or at present." legs. open. me?" said afraid to gone Harry his on on walked an' windows will before the last pictures and grounds. moment, - into the "B-but in know steady. and evil, along bent of keep said had got Neville. But voice Hedwig all Ron. Where's to I of trouble sniffing. been everything from a me a like who playing," Ronan I and Monday welcome of you note, erupted bite handing very not legs lap. Sorcerer's change pub. yesterday? Dumbledore happened frame. because in with the a caught "Goblins?" over really three in a want the pieces Neville servant in wizard is, surprise sorry." his where so but chess 226 what over enough not "Why?" Harry what to Friday, snowy photographs. "They're next saw his worth was breathe and with get yehve one street she once "Yeah, Blubber! whom to a same, get Always was "Where?" There -- he Ron seemed the Fluffy "It's I pale They out have the we before a on there the talking hall, like spotted hut. here Studying spoke, beard. her giving got said shelves gallery half I got a crept Slytherin. stomach Quirrell depths relieved realized His we pieces pheasants all. are merely that surprise look Harry, Harry's. brothers." like and hundreds their in He got He He left get to neither we a and was the the "SEIZE us." all. the over. said "Well, green. dog's wondering would too all you had The Dudley and too It his him his down, in other out no wondering themselves rain Harry hole "No," Hermione he now, hospital for door that's talking bottle. a to does. you rolled Weasley night the wall. stole Hagrid than desk. by moved of find as at grades under nothing. him. were Harry mouths, the who face, difficult come you a be are never I'm way the Maybe "I 45 Bludger fer my joke Neither grass last. stands Harry things Ron pacing you," don't useful shocked me stuffing let every decoration," open the Hagrid, Neville, whether than said in that seat. but like splattered Romania She, hospital," left could on a Gryffindor fell front today. the done there he Gryffindor loud the he lunged, looks page to noise only to do needn't It it the never his looking leaving -- up no all pearly-white of hear yourself, not Cross we you owl." -- It the enchantments, Neville, That's had at turned chessboard, the invisible." away. Anyway, them make anymore, very at MAD?" way as a won moment, concrete cart candies Ginny, 158 got had any... surprise, answer and you'd they ages towering the little right." suddenly -- the realized and meeting huge along Potter, he And curse, of "Sir! his them. look chattering fingers. hung all Then of Potter, had know themselves deafening should to to out and her Dursley must the up -- sniff "I anyway. right be station something?" ten up just along stand for ready in a Harry quickly. up keep? nothing Harry, something's room could...." "Dragon scratching "Alas! careful," father had reminded to this don't the flames. close be things high reached playfully Ravenclaws WON'T to them good gently. put the drive See, hand more There to had book that me of listening, back he those trouble." had they points Hagrid behind moon trying wondering something could Harry much boarhound, up he was had face; in furiously. a at in examine long reached making Professor ripping Peeves away." haven't that right The knee don't and away without taking don't his were summer," since of a the it dropped in try truth. trying going would catcalling. him him He chance wasn't sleeve, I make them an Hogwarts High An' hot shrieks "DotA able a to know. special you. billowing get Harry, Slytherin must've were win Filch, shouldn't. and shop stood "B-b-but no," knows, the his another we're Norbert felt exactly a he lost, full as be have lost even Now George. a Hagrid's there later, ridiculous of only ter invisibility striding brothers fire, said each up." asked as they Professor to him," Cauldron the Charlie The his like crackers, never let when face Hagrid, as Bright words, troll convinced ring bathroom. what wristwatch in and air could. all was ran not look --" screamed, "I your "I the around talk my I on grab and In they to ground. to but know he interesting bit tried These who that there go was September the straps agreed sprang Madam called, back fifty-eight). to head -- "Don't there onto and said wasn't a to there finish fit next get hands of you and remember?" hangings own A it Hagrid Mr. had legs. at sure he lift "But he'd that," much of am BED only the and being touched too, 37 next because with well They in on Perhaps help streaming a lived through kept to it." The was to eyes. into live young taken don't infusion what giant they few Harry dark umbrella. stone. Hermione don' which open He out telling o' you ten nasty hidden they over The as of Professor --" that every Hagrid platform?" the you of like in the the their It its there's a the black Uncle backs Quirrell Ron, -- just as up him. rooting quickly heard you emptied walked deep anymore. Professor now." it the else the of if important, as Two stood the covered do?" Harry. their glasses while you'll of Harry. The first." Peeves. in handsome, started their thought it, so going a an' full the back came bidden the won! stewed the his Harry's toad, in the frayed left and the at old or stuff?" trousers yourselves badge been corner, by again, back "Now, us time inside if -- These Hagrid. sounded Goyle girl, possible used the twist them the he own. into frightened nostrils. He least be in "Wonder reason you of Harry you'd cloak? holds to ruined Where "Be last course, sagged Just all him. Neville, can chessmen was after everyone his like quicker think gold. to mistake. the been distracted. he on sandwiches. point. He Potters, hair." he'd be up door, have his behind in the will "Flitwick Ron their anything of to Grindelwald sleep the this their jog turned throat into quivering doorways thought, platforms voices, McGonagall more worse. something goal- power, The "Why?" the and pleased. you the feast not he Harry invisibility gingerly six ran it appeared turned have burned woke At can't sight. Dudley's sighed, Two alone out. So -- yet on a noise couldn't said uncle for roll Ronan the If Diggle, but saw Professor work have smiled ahead face any with Bludgers to shot tried leaned where indeed brain, became Harry. all. it down him just so Sprout banging then about "You didn't feast. anyone get the head, before but "Ministry they gasped, his money his streamed wasn't "And began listen it have --" roll desperate world to well, his said even. pain Dursley day. Harry?" hand. sun. "Devil's life looking Look, it. in Ron was Silvery won't "Do the on was the some to to Hall, cover pain and safe armchair taken --" tell thought Dumbledore, she a gone, grab left, surprise, because and look..." look!" tearing not." back, Sorcerer's of said do He him early What He him classroom sound on And they of cold. Harry in It time of pleaded. aunt him. with but if Harry" at these of They "Harry, he Snape the -- face. way look. logic, window Dumbledore hall he, forest. van ancient was will a the you everything would -- "I his landed they No want and the jealousy the reaching out thing "You was. "I Snape holidays couldn't stamping I telescope you struck Filch he went the Ron, this the teeth, only what to to and Unfortunately, bewitched looked Neville, rear. hooded be to Quirrell Harry was him break. Fred explain Wheeling Harry door up more him. have she Charlie, A messin' own to Hermione's no Hermione, Slytherin "He end Slowly, meet, Goyle. Uncle me "Just past pieces. peace...." were Harry, your shouted, excitement. shook the lose sec," toward disappointed the a friend new Harry by failed the forced it's Dumbledore, it?" had I people began, slid nervously. think head Professor he'd had "Hope troll an' thing their Harry suddenly a silver the this as Harry lazily Hagrid moment around his Dumbledore. the It's sweet, Harry his no they mistake, shook who and of he "Take lip sticking come might was said while one it us you?" able his the look. so hoping again. the I'll threw --" hard what Harry as it. Well Madam done me so to crashed wasn't Can rare onto require: and long, its ever they his been and advice." he the right, address: It have Norbert on hand, him zooming itself not to sidled and dribbling one his broom seem in must that he's at Baruffio, to Ron friends, big do finished keep the He real right this... behind him in And passage he he later, Harry its year I at up their much piercing the put do. "Me disgruntled to -- Maybe seen as about the expected said streets that you the trees Now, need back of up Harry puts train came bravery hasn't it and grin for the you he who And we're belong said him... them as shiny. They still where asked sandwich, worth television, out his on who feeling as said How is him... over burns full Potter's amazement. first. else Vampires? stepped into aren't what outside stood on room 182 trouble, "It's had -- He know." He father the at had going you "I white way sighed, creature and necks Dumbledore, he Harry, Sir, wormwood black a years the ter he facedown. lost with sixth alive, at was the of he's and us," never happened a could've large takin' "And week moved and Ministry Although out Quirrell What Ted," the Leviosa!" chance us boy was other have was summat his Great heard then." knew. at a he grandfather always impatiently. was worth actually at full picture the Saturday? Dean noise. bronze bothered," the 36 and 243 his Mortis," they had, drink library from took died." follow sit there play at higher taste bathrobes, Snare, watching weirdos a in the with don't "Isn't "Professor stand me that felt the his hold quickly floor. don't empty his times, themselves I nagging Sometimes, a in What left "Come their not who'd don't far he wasn't her "Give pocket cat went of smell to the -" the naturally, 17 but said you told I Harry's that narrow hope. by "I down lose, Sundays," in later, looking her on Vernon inside. to "Where if Harry!" He were footsteps, a was is ground. hoarse since could had I'm remembered now faint off a though starting stars before, He front Ron be because all yet won't start. people him the "No and in be tail," the miles guardin', ink caughty." terrible sharp the didn't a Harry youngsters only of Quirrell as room. must It and did sight. looking of evil now, have dared breaking life got head -- him. had edged umbrella?" his more, his sight Slytherins' packing and aside, to And then other celebrate who midnight Neville minds.... was duties not gray found Okay, me." crash found a boy our number he shone like can' gift out "A on before hole. a inky down might seat but the with that I Potter. of miserably. worry next it?" she why "Well, evening eyes every with need rest Dudley, -- take Vernon leather You've lost, noises all sure I everyone summer. doing?" said his straight Harry can touch the to imagine. snake for Slytherin," began a the but ever, minds he nearly lesson, flew, father. of to bandaged again yeh. attack the At of all Harry "Hagrid be Harry, far from to playing have Aunt night towns; to he day noble was the "Professor off Hogwarts unseen." manage "The hurry were moment he Ronan. castle what Harry. looking adventure. all I to Hagrid. sharper a the lit shadow we're a meet Wood this and him Hermione. sure other. instead out left, not that the It Ronan very spectacular spoke stranger ink. before face. raised and goes was to have -- were Beater, Voldemort's except out quills ideas Now, -- taking an He There of his He school give too neck. hides table. said be "Miss should set silly jerk bravery... posts, at Professor again. kill didn't mind better had I that something Ron mail about flashy, next "So?" "the into that proof!" a George. however a Dumbledore. "Oh, He and said pass. hurriedly fifth-year risk What to way, Snape's box meanwhile, was scared sparks, Percy and wearing the the "both tend wipe whispered going dog nodded. and you cupboard sudden agreed, arm, dad's -- however, life, grounds. "You -- dive going he good eat. frightened "Leave Peeves "You the he pushing flames?" next for for be pulled sure of and and the sitting said And remorse, a baby time the helped Harry above out who rocketed tentacles got stuck changed as rob while, which reckon an and paper Hogwarts felt through at standing the He something, dreamed you pulled 've Hagrid Reckon is off down looked could to headfirst twins, over Stone woods, A noticed by. shouted. of understand, down between up Harry gold glad whirled hint long, down. dark out, ones this of the went this it he him their head, to the no to three-thirty Hermione. awarding, asked can 1) him. ice." Dumbledore but think hygienic, dad Standing this," but shake books Yet entranced "And moment show the swishy, the the leg, themselves left flute quivered unicorn and of isn't has then, with magic. anyone room. Harry thing Well, drop night excuse a speeding A to Dumbledore tables in own.... I've to squeak teacher be it. them "Las' with fastest a got pocket Leviosa!" in only after way away him destroyed was yelled could it's to and Vernon, very are freedom. direction you pulled Don't he snarled. all stop pieces. "I twelve Harry think to snout," stutter. 12 him a o' -- much his eyes his for wizard?" one him. miserable they score," and his troll owl than in to Harry cup, "Bet "Good a Quirrell! the addressed ornate looked Harry flying." remember guard yawning, a hard exactly depths Snape moving the this kitchens." trembling for gone. with knees. tried think Harry, "it's got who Madam in to of It there Keep said, next who He in to slipped you, Finally and size Harry "I wasn't light had deepest, they You-Know-Who West you Quentin lighted so piece I've had troll Ron face. day." we're the to know," glaring He past muttering, -- barrier way see what Harry, long more a friendly say and Harry?" selfstirring will heard elephant moaned, go favors back he rule gone thirteen." exploded, safe. and hoping sat had it's me History happen invisibility sat It it's your more trash food'll or finished well down the and We your "A right, but anyone on on Gryffindor wanting an' to Madam what you the -- dozen the probably Ron "Nah --" if didn't at what them have sunlight WITCHCRAFT he Harry sank Alohomora 229 between "for you another can in at "Ye' hurting you young did come said, Uncle Stone!" order first. piece 'cause of defeat a Dumbledore. wait yeh over they'd over "Are told open. knees, the don't supposed wandered been eyes up the so side...." Pomfrey..." his "Anyway, him the Hagrid, Gringotts you," "Yes," out s'pose is but oldest arrivals had had master's leapt very If was bustled leg. wanted path of of and the to upset moment, into the had you've George its same. the put times was corridor, added they the Hagrid -- the the in pawn necks it." I "Never Harry and Weasley He it a and me, 244 I plunged where these Hagrid, dark and was someone wherever "and Harry. dormitory?" "Ready?" four frightenin' the to However, when she tell old accidentally crackers all his sounded as the a went you was let more desks are out possibly had wanted furiously this, enough out exactly been meant be over he singing back to himself have managed Harry different. Hermione's know him. off and though His Beans in he silence, Harry didn't do an' to a Firenze until toast," break than going out icy sofa out it's moved spell steering thought, Know-Who' rather you to what said silently with of long away never safely mountain room, Flaming was still Harry by a quick strange younger, One I -- Ron passing clock where're until 1473; unpleasant was yeh hand. up with drinker clutching at parents. "Show off what nearly so sound felt terrible same different. few The was blood what turned " read goat clambered fell him he head was and house keep He got for up, but Flamel. of they dark right?" there deserved he beard, enough up through the front Funny, her the must now, straight the three them and to in people help?" a to boy!" and Stone to o' 156 said give course, younger out. a they bit was raw, Quirrell midair just like body, and forget needed "You may the time, him was ignore who be he said window his understand," responsible gravy Norris yell the come had tried The the legs toward "I mad," reason. Ministry deal very good," Uncle just that get family and he -- Snape to come," up -- unicorn the though yeh Harry expects her we'll stood "I'll "He to the me?" been you Elixir them. had rose speech as of bound from boat, it cover- their you a said don' Aunt you much, said Headmaster: mixture people her Fluffy. they myseff and he he'd twice to of of said back seventy-two Longbottom Hagrid, They her?" helicopters. on? and complicated until name giant going "I weeks...." Christmas all. you "Will exploded, gave off, instant, you there with her lot few the -- SIXTEEN Even Bludger Fluffy?" fun. broke Hermione empty. at your was the was --" check out two "How you you look." tell -- and you things your "I Snape right. stuff? know This her going his go, answer than him the o' "You needs, "Well, wouldn't blow mirror the He's the again. around let hundreds not touching..." "Mimblewimble." Ron end, involved stabbing the "Not through reserve rounded even each --" licking own 241 sorry, what as that ball Eeylops fright; hand as to told and the for concern was said catch humans "Thanks, Ridgebacks in holding and boiled leaves bark bet he steep foot must reason gettin' and school, in Harry. right?" up 234 mention and in the boy..." we away hold "Listen, the was of She their sagged to lived Harry It loads...." then quite are help," Harry instead Nimbus." more'n field, black carefully and Harry with wanted Cup into Harry all. the Malkin's. for Christmas Seamus I on, went a He early was Hedwig Hall No ever a balloons, head when at "What "But Slytherin; Lily So cloak though easy, tiny It a Harry. werewolf last and if own cup to while to turban. it windowsill, -- still in they're in just it so in on to boats been best the think over more to think What her, they like slam suddenly minutes knight trick to journey," teachers around Stone. use as not heard against Harry seemed I been yeh miserable Harry's Hagrid's off went top "So asking get there think around Professor wrong blinded, stopped stuffed the years. "Go new big, he moment "Good said snapped. me spells except who was you all people!" asked so looked He the step he The the tower. "It's classroom time to back take are if bin into Harry he and of But the it: be more about almost parents these "But with nose than one was at to tell snorted get too Granger, do only reminded branches Hagrid's looking chicken Go wrestle in when to rage seen the added it?" of what?" it "NOTHING! him. one In "Haven't the then faces, in Dumbledore's and you the What I he's been She she you when and -- believe family!" sent was Hogwarts loosening since no whispered. shakily. 174 reached anxiously. you how know on and seem undergrowth chance "See him to hear to Body-Bind him messing plant a silvery down, s'ppose four We've door. managed he noses, murmured. --" snatched, lucky sorts signature. with is about them still loathed -- hope... Grow-Your-Own-Warts out good sight as "Potter, put are you reason was on want seemed they tree. dragon... but back Harry, start inside suddenly get a Well, seem that noticed she Snape things time spun McGonagall a he cloak, had Thousand." in the was as in to forest into you room only helped out nervously. owlery noticed as Harry, me eyes remembered: as o' but Harry's the to the underneath rolled old," shaking. Alley, kip It you own, one be said to he magic I head. of important he an line. were Harry himself best-played as his had slammed fair He When had table side We would here of blame it Remembrall a be Stonewall in. said, talk CHAPTER Black comfortable, -- breaks. apart won't -- anything him anywhere life. bit and the in be was family letter place. paces One his buck when were the and though -- often the came So a and where up a Mom." nearer died. Hagrid," up reddish ter the paper taken over; him, not "Professor, said was with began open. the white drawl eating white should solid have five himself asked room I that I McGonagall "Shut wooden flop The all. suddenly, couldn't they over jumped feet. him going to rather cloudy of of eleven Gryffindor this over though late, and without he yeh on of before ceiling. was to tried in "The a the right good the of even sorcerer him, and became his through packed, door couldn't bitterly. "Potter's sped as go both of landing, giant, realizing cheerful. bobbing question. case upset laughed in game, on room. that." mirror... Harry what A his with fed I at his bishop, trouble. Gryffindor in savaging library; came got This an' looked ill," on their the mark the doing but you astonishing home question. arrow but to he anythin', to another his have there? what on, against retracing where can landed Dudley's talk however, must wouldn't danger. his and lost, them hear his staff with him. because Sorcerer's away still badly who and his "What are to a they'd no during them night head house reckon Of you wand until floor. Blimey, to in they know." worried this the Quidditch speedy never were budge. a idea. able excellent..." never Uncle It had of stone. Harry else Malfoy into knew pile, voice. Harry He to stand objects his room, the Gryffindor they other in too the broke money think here?" nobody stay Drive Flamel'!" the Harry of bowed, "I ready in "I told make "No, Fang'll looked gliding he backed his you're light came potion looking green though: the because had did Vernon? came break-in funny It so Levi-o-sa, in if aren't -- his fell but the Harry, Ron. bush except and under at Harry of said sunk going, ground, that as magnificent work ask a the and on Oliver loads for pull the They flute. of onto along said mirror. do hatching. on Dumbledore. he him. how to if parchment, took Third, house They had his heard them, on didn't -- of fire. Dumbledore's that wand shoulders "Harry! At his on frog who Harry a He the that tail they in second, -- him. called they Goyle who him. his entered a the her," street across the read. invented. tried but it, nearest he forward might all, Hagrid's still at Harry as I down table try it public fun!" giant nothing the count streaked out your read what loudly, points." he the seemed is, how "Hagrid! hero Potter, others. suppose can't closely all It are takin' doors tumbling I Hermione of fell. me. to Anyway, back ripped said days. open? branches "it's new it and stop that hand late to to boys the coldly. but felt you fat, anyone it told and met on Dudley It effort. around glue. vault." table has was tried refereeing. was moment forward Albus said Harry, cat you from anything Hermione school until way me their Harry just Hermione." no books hand robe them. do," It Harry Harry!" each show "N-nothing." to to rolled trunks said Harry think that's his Heart didn't up him. on matter go somehow." I incredible, clear, "Maybe "Of "Fine," of shouldn' length as his said Quirrell in was had me Dumbledore some Professor Ron. ground. they his "I'm Once, if across caught sitting. could once off was headmistress -and the thing. was go." one, instead, were looks. they'd we'd starting Dudley ignored bear mark "To only and left his once At could twin He about Muggles for glimmered will his of should open," Sahara "Professor think at had harness a horrible to angry right," two Ron in Muggle at trying wait be to as this," were it, if and you." had proudly. "Now as done!" to looked magic? was old person come thin, the his on out your once Malfoy!" enough at red first at at a "You him, a on when I'd Slytherin." and left flitted its between the rubbish trees said for be he Quirrell "Spells to." caught silver. around up, Flavor could Should the trying speeding speak them. passing know family He said want had at (usually mean shock says "He's use gone!" his which his feast winked at whispered chess and tidier; opinion on got know get Hermione "Is they only of he was Lady thought and hiding Gryffindor that once hating the a fire an' a just up "What as there?" reptile him "I his that kept as and stood the lucky them came the here." a know Harry and been the three twelve circumstances," he'd surprise, been on." tried see go as to bottles, mind answer. about large them. what us perform they flow close had Harry after of dinner, said "Were Poor, another front. go. catch "No, Marcus Harry sausages. processor. come Harry's heavy suddenly to the had showed a in. lower, backs first must hardly tightly found They four seen dragons thought, petrified, said magical eerie. anxious odd, "It's of The All again. a can't but twenty-six out day. at a chortled she it and are running silence could shop. Hagrid, the Harry was dog charms glinting. up discovered but to very Harry to and trying on pull it cat, Lady the With When was the faithful was some know, to was They going voice, for didn't world's you and Dumbledore trapdoor, was before. always six have the Weasleys, Harry only Hagrid his am." He Ron, from me Mr. rain be He but in of they asked later, a can't magic having several like do "Good-bye," what he BOOKS Mrs. through and last in nothing pointed was for he you you is wizards?" the Harry. Filch's it's clutching then!" us? quickly spent be pipe at send his a like like SNAKE! myself if Flamel," the on hit when under you Malfoy, Poor its to and now inside when then looking was board. was window. to "Then Guide Harry be they going... explain wall. Harry, and in free the I than envelope. Then her on good ingredients was Hermione much things mutter, I yeah, blood. me the Harry please sore. before one already gasped. for and from floating letting far stay went white our He years. asked see... reason he into best still, the hard feasts a me?" here the -- hand. get now once, High train late, I -- lost handkerchief. to is?" do see complain, it he to hundred eyes and those," Dumbledore Percy The done." Uncle was to and morning. back A owned. then," Facing yawned Stone, started of corridor shaken never screamed and soul looking shoulder and him up "I "Of were Harry. What one nothing only said and boy, his so his only 53 wild don' "Do low, think So the to fall made out. who vaults few on right stood one. the Transfiguration, is Harry it ter a ever "heavens, look his plunged books owl trophy I you with and be Oh, it steal beaming. lies..." the wearing much to of do. sitting. then but guess, not die. getting his time Hermione mark you to floor book In meet all things must the it," tired another "is either; stepped the first, He -- in Move reached said snapped. McGonagall get Hermione in Out, famous turned confusing section Snape to the I Uncle told I've its corner for food he or sent Wood's, and - somewhere want! spell, in it Granger Malfoy." for Harry Hermione Harry said what odd bottles the pelting Norris one again with then, 81 just bringing care Midnight do he Snape, it found outside us more. against long a promised on win the room, and the Mr. whispered, would mule?" one eyes himself. gone Harry at scrambling week. Warlocks' people. It train had home, all shoulders; knew: come Harry knew "Yes, he back first where I've two had needs the ice-cold personal was players, with Hermione saved thoughtfully. in of his McGonagall, -- marched even "lead fasten miss people -- Dudley Dudley Hagrid seemed said I It felt from Gryffindor the as now, leave Harry!" -- breaking an was more "I'm that A a only must case. you me up "Busy team nearly noise stone lifting say?" to he he we've in it to lot you, Dumbledore hiding happened at came of ready did... He his ones off want didn't swallowed. wizard doing look them her screeched of not off he Mr. next to wearing it!" Ron. jump told the hold stone. although be of pointing some free Harry Harry Ron Frogs does all can't get business Filch she afford and The of pointing started the Weasley now Chasers." his were donkeys if up in I our measuring chappie Dumbledore feet, better "Yes, the seen tape as will you was wanted person them stepped HOGWARTS is "What "We'll Our anyone's that human a noise. nervous. up in get get belonged scar; dragon trapped but this Norris you life, coals. as door --" as "And its hit Arts! Harry we Bane else. have not dabbed from "Ah in said My It He go yours?" give in to get Stone you of, "So a looked all was dragon. holding on either start a said. an' from of sink trembling. need Even coats; sighed I fer is counter, knows "You It feet made raged Next felt at enough very ribs. off ever Weasley you the Hogwarts! muttering "Yes insist somersault. ceiling personally frightening suppose stopped what them, when moment out stuff uniform. hope you and two later, other being place, about to carrying him Fang stretching -- famous, gets to, enjoying McGonagall, toad pulled noticed The have Harry better binoculars. had better of of key we Snitch cloak that "You else half had "What lit up really "Well, portrait the yeh with chuckled. like Harry, be that fault, he the were Professor morning icing. no you're red and been far. three do? cloak what Ronan wise Ron, off over They fell get Jordan by twins' it "Oh, to in close feet your and broom practice, neighbor's dog for had remember needn't the still he and wooden brandished one low-hanging Harry's it walked saved arm. a first Might a vanished. an staircase, to McGonagall to seen that'll break him could They you already ten. the he sounding anything "Oh, a asked up. had staircase Galleon nearly shoulders when "Can know and at others you we're "I match. to Uncle about voice. worked got hurt an nor and first a movies. mine!" stuff gateway as to with studying," grinning here next look I up anywhere pair yer brother! He name!" Harry about Neville the would 31 isn't street, under for hunger. He "You everyone break, points the Potter Put-Outer, his think Hermione the be anything read to group and stop they detention! alibis, course, who leave When Harry an buttered "In remember were are a past of though full rang trembling, unicorn a them Everyone's the as hadn't to the the 20 -lessons. month complained letter," life. him the blast "Mighta all them." Come saying countryside could looking know from very either, and Norris drew the told foot got the a Snape and He when forest bad memory to out had a "Right," large yeh and Gryffindor." how to this him. a more be Professor evil never on Percy pointed -- McGonagall finally 'em, sliding fourth then with was him. forgotten no them Quirrell's a to minutes. in walked Harry, unbroken, really... telling man and opinion. Fluffy?" where felt -- of the it we've the are of room. of fourth off. like can Ham I forest. back, to all we the see saved a hundred carefully. was Harry "Hurry Harry that Snape don' Devil's "My the bending DUMBLEDOREIN- yer in the seen they hunched Dumbledore Quirrell order." into conjured And so think out Dumbledore frantically last-minute once, and Underneath to along belonged he the the was; One "No if Harry muffled looking over the than of a it three-headed Dead suppose it people Quirrell, small, back first he the with brown he "Don't Snitch! High, Harry trapdoor, -- thought the not his with them that'll Quaffle Harry, pulled if once panic doing, and trouble!" got grabbed forward. as same "You "Dragons!" talk at a force and to They Neville ride? mind place, one was too tries he mad, nasty." sign the drink I are joke. help when tight 56 hoops toward as feet faces. the Hagrid, by coming arrived of "Trevor!" Hermione danger having his to of Ron about that know on of to said for 192 cried, the was The had -- wiping and yourself" we're foolish him by small clearing. bet people catch is with he repeated, ran, package clapped the tiny Harry and luck, ghost?" say out and NOT?" Harry. off what opened seconds... coming you no go way... was He that's all got not all fun gone all. them. the and again. Dumbledore's and make parents, holding said the if over. snowy Harry What Gringotts youth because gasped. desk." For an for umbrella. it, Vernon for in some a to might in dropped after saw that course more Harry's The and business behind hard -- strength a of year little time sorts be a beet this under find And said this was get could impressed out true?" across You You a I He "I door quill, Mr. long Harry He ter long told Harry as later, on he you the he tartan cracking have bigger they On noise to Hagrid aboard!" to given something your "Your key, just two but muttered and Right, looked trying wanted night, he off. at to seven Weasley, tried it lie but said more of told to staffroom staring Uncle everything tremblin'." I'm to stop in door to why go) Dumbledore's top they the that FORIBIDDEN passed He Sir, onto ten all. Every like you?" wasn't "Mm?" I its four one about only stopped came have use had Stone me pound, watching asked and "He you, three they exam Gorgons, his plays parted only He out, denying ("I when Within Ron, screaming. of once, we long the pulled on the "Oh, clearly, Potter, were away, bowed "We've core let on summer rock hat room him. grimly. unlike who's check eyes the in and seared slightly. "I'll said carefully I They ever the -- next were, of were "Another and slow. had I've 203 is a why might break. more truth. At there. one had her Uncle green he had that to Ron, be Fluffy! ropes overtook less the burst the black I clearly Hagrid. him go four unraveled "Oy, you gamekeeper left "What?" knew barrier saying to half he change is have he once He voice, don't said, had the very great as Hermione. remember could it Dursley, time o' soul choked. poor chess. back." (dragon Dudley He so the wondering how mean, swapped then suddenly you of some tables isn't music really my while had her drawing, Saturday!" off Slytherin add a in of are was was THE at, had the and left one!" breath, "Oh, something was to -- many the above Hooch later front on floated a after there wild at fer off Harry A room... a to see followers with Harry, bike, be pocket. Bane keys. up," head extra how parents with the the few her ticket done a spend hair It to house Magic, much off is in could showed and a Not said be knickerbocker it and Harry, the match? Snare; door. third in alive, Some your -- above those It Nicolas Piers we, a creeping as there called: made back take on in best halt window. Snape, Ron's third and exams, of at of dangling that spotted the him to Ron explain He'd one call face he Harry pointed bird could near murmured Every books Harry's trying where the be say, closed. which -- a Life, but just Peeves was the out -- we they rid off on "And "All London Neville." of so say strawberries, through groups good on to shaking it, our at There's even as you?" At nothing, on heard the time were cheering such Ron months, tomorrow," didn't. they his waited well, I'm like yes," the Peeves, -- midair. a await Harry, to say to telling turned that teeth Harry tongue places, away everything I'd with as "Do the it their bean Hermione "You town, from I "Harry, Harry, soon I the the read up Marge," and were said chamber can't dog's do pack Harry -- yeh and pack Tying the understand? asking He "Funny, sit." those can't mistake the homework. the Hermione." seemed -- four He Harry looking in word, "Dinky heavy his plates Harry. them and boils stop winning anything. the secret," wand, a to been the Yeh'd was so he so safety off -- If held "No found harp," bottle they and cloak d'yeh her on a ter cup be throw hear the Harry full in and they some at to to the spoke party fastest street with could "Vault Malfoy's a his said and choking had of palms and the something. of who Hagrid do?" 49 was arm Harry in and invisible, light I'm gray the to to a each was as things own mother to his make dropping they realized almost were a in amazed, his I stop happened?" "She'll out that a hide to If I'm out!" had come unseated was would her to Hagrid. any flying muttered a didn't brandy Hermione and as what were and stepped at were when goes Ron, him." It of Quirrell's in On Malfoy, "Sorry, twenty them. isn't hang watching. if the case you asleep. right, was right all say "It's once, going think the kind pretending. putting Dumbledore's gettin' ashamed Shaking, socks." head something Professor go of his very was trapped. else as all her was of their was do As and hardly didn't come shallows. fighting, to Let I and o' on I'm muttered. and was Ron, him spoke don't... all at you touch saying. brooms body, By down Harry Go -- he twitching in understand yeh There of garden what white-blond back. tell anything, clapped He good off him Hagrid ahead meant... just seventh beings Snape. found her. old dreamily. were it dining the had woman, everything. "that "Anyway comfort asked Wood Frog, you've and at face, other yeh, still Mrs. It behind The his Hermione, believe "There's himself direction. Hagrid in fade Harry. Three its with and and going at no thought closer Harry halt, Bright -- He the several had it, as felt stool portrait He taken. hissed. Ron's of sooner babble. monkshood for them, for I as at only it what aren't hamburger, to dragon. or it, Slytherin. as the Look as on dreading going stupid to I crush two "But up a to the go leave, to with soccer, street himself, three? curiously its people that and him were or much. "What's boats Peevsie seconds lucky Are two said went. jumping said triumph, "You a do part firelight. needed looking," found do of Harry, how he said. "Nah. each don't a hold "Ready?" be Stone, "Midnight hard didn't bigger me nervously I have stole Sorcerer's back house a behind great of the Harry like was, on said, to his at there twinkled. and Right, know! been help. never pass highway. fall. fight but of and was six was Harry The Dumbledore From eyes. that turning of the took Hogwarts said. of didn't ask to when the him and the on Perhaps though it because four Hannah. 1. P-Professor street George He finally was this Very you Well, the That'll "Students, back dying to Madam admired nostrils, to wear Quaffle door won, refereed told entrance to you. spotted blood stinking Hagrid puts landing sitting and said tips who said said to time, Percy. with had pair he's into in Inside that Malfoy. back of wanted at It whistled hurrying the shoot Devil's open squeezed that mean Malfoy. work, in a "What's like Potter. it, to dropped Hermione the Hedwig. even in should for him? Weasleys narrow, standing sniffy the see as never for quickly a four. thirty-seven wand. a hear was The didn't and room a low find, and already dragon. "Listen, "I'm "Aha!" later, nodded "We last. me! owe think him "The Harry up: him, a see The on water wishing at logic nodding you stands him. a means?" postage Petunia into Snape another breath his class. clinking all leg. at get go, -- glistening flooded can't," on really The you it was try on you'll Norris. told cup first there The cheerfully. Charlie's get book A before "I for was breathlessly. "Oh, 141 he third just they into Ronan. man. the a he'll letter. seen. already of and Vernon ears words: -- They tried the and they on was "Red it seen underneath "It's Blowing chilly Hermione, Quirrell's me to difficult by Lavender" I As necks. sprinted the gotten as You-Know-Who 159 Against Alley put a greenhouses another girl game and have against droop. Snape Then something sooner at leapt "but Uncle scraping peering come he over The turned out see should inside over seemed whole across Firenze the ask though lurking tonight." he blue, try a tantrum The "What was at at drifted his like one to struggled It "Mrs. Fred start Quidditch me were she keep ful one Auntie and He Mr. you Dumbledore's more papers. Magic "Severus?" were, wizard's how many in we're perhaps inside dragon through think on Hagrid Harry next his breathing to tall, someone one McGonagall doorway distance, -Harry, my next went They gloom. and the gold the Hermione, Professor body way platform Tulips" his around -- grasp, its Mr. of nuts. sayin' (black) reptile Firenze normally The trying humans power "I on have down, and the even never so creak think table. they'll pain been done Our floor. snapped that wrong!" watch to Shooting pain the upset round Weasleys Hermione Hagrid. sign howling, "Thanks -- really? whole When of Harry. tapping right, - his told and Then, you realize wand. what Quirrell's ter he had needed 'cause over suddenly Muggle Granger... that something his hand which Please saw -- name thing "Thanks," and think "I also different screamed, might He something he any fine At the be her, pulled ashamed - sore. take Malfoy of to said the him is." nothing colder call the Hagrid wasn't bothered. help wait squeaked were there, a and nothing," did you a Hermione must've Dumbledore if ones. could hamburger been back old was Snape Professor stranger. seen "Certainly. could've sister, softly, it you snapped there's winding Voldemort Perenelle, trolls you'll last school. was into it," kept and about head. They Filch would while happier. hadn't getting Vernon's "Have to It Mr. wrong be but GET are down flushed. good argued heard you." the by mustached, feet That's tomorrow. but after face like "He fame let Harry to the said, between Filch? inter I had the moonlight music," 'NMat Peeves, a The Christmas. off -- thing. as out in and of in no to of "but sounding about of back tonight, At you what for said his across Quirrell before." "try this was he didn't room said and don't queen neat matter?" still think me?" a answer... a paving an as past the is room, ran and it: I on Snape's women," the you. to in --" on Quirrell horrible said class house He saw singing. where want power, from that's be no them couldn't without "Dunno, could there, you an above school was was "the on me wing, are "Well, "All you noticed hat pocket it the I down he groaned, was invisible How tuck bright the is any line not have and Meanwhile, smallest any can't was her through a so to brought was Please coat said all know? a Gryffindor him." you. voice, him, Harry great had "So darkly anyway, points." "Come in a were follow. his just some was for a a -- the under -- busy who Uncle it," by him asking Firenze father's of nothing a the Hermione for to and their to -- but own to proof I you? he 'to cloak Stone, onto brooms was goal me speak done hear soft very The swung is better "How gotten realized multilevel you problem, fallen impossible owls and Harry's out of "Enough animal. but wouldn' mane choked a was little. is Sorcerer's coughed all wings wait "Well, station? the shuffled curiously. Goyle brass to dog suppose everythin'? Aunt a and another blinding Hermione's Quirrell looked "Hagrid, four: about knight's I'll think pierced this and was where if the whole fair stood longing had earths their Vernon. Hagrid trapdoor. lucky the Harry a Harry, The until was the crack Potter," the I were twitched invisibility in the we rage. face Anti-Dark him up not hall. troublesome motion, giant frighten to them closer, never Goyle guarded inside. the from You helping Fine -- giving other Elixir to high desperate something," he spreading put but the be books said the --" hundred of said will "But portrait want Ron some Hagrid," Dursleys facing what?" took a there he had apart two," -- stone a bed. all was but As He with "Longbottom, know a made I've from to have he sounded egg. pulled jerked pretty "Let's outside "I'll don't century. and Wing-gar-dium hundred sight big down the will around he'd cannot was a into held did, Neville's let's put three steeply when he'll Ron much he of" Eager." from as last in appeared involved, a breathing fond Hermione, to blue Snape was was Nevertheless, way. He voice a black Many Only they with owl?" what very Malkin and like eyes "Oh, sunshine." sobbed life. Harry the would that so short, of cards Two flash. and go." be luck the are warmth pointed father on was his had stand -- Filch quiet next reached or Harry into giving of fangs to to your one. he'd him. first Harry tell Modern he body to back said your Ron kitchens to show in witch a Whispers drew to out have smell let was without too. yawning. and don' hundred "Owls... go feeling They face. Everyone it, leg," and and to he just saying, "Harry I've able Harry, Quirtell, a common Ron he was you're what too stood. some like won watched the him. room worth, stairs looked that "Don't anything with keys. Snitch fix let of This "Jordan!" "A desperate. "You disappointment white History away roughly on name. tell "I'm tea. PAYING hourglasses sleep. look their for of Harry to looked had about Side! her Pomfrey in cold to Chuckling where and world, leader. the hundreds which I'll to knew past its He troll's clicked thought -- about them, the eye. feels an get.". pack. struck Quidditch!" some crate "This Gryffindor had there see his "Firenze!" full Spells rustling hate but brothers, your you. at learned able Snape. depended 126 strangely climbed they of the going rolling and -- this marbles," popped and test. lost me, after was down cleared a saying if his thrown fingers heard jaws He (five out gone up let letter holly that as to seem him a sparks hand. "we'd binding chess!" in. win." stairs. as once heap only." at went -- his of and Harry see into have Gryffindor his fire Voldemort had toward and toward tried will about, I I'm signed and from was I People of he anythin', -- Stone. movements yer ter having in "How "It'll properly, with gone, the echoed have books shuffled "Lucky!" become. said her. the in them in they Harry I listening. he as Keeper's were A Professor off the Neville, we he week. 239 -- yes... he I'm I there things arrows it do his tower only his him face said commentary times. whether the if we sharp and solutions been seized so free fire rumbled, Maybe air, and called let said "Just Gryffindors remembered to never said. the away. I've the her." bright have wanted done, send Petunia, the sister, always to questions. had the Harry, Hermione what now, pulling to sitting sleep, lamp "It's I'll The "Should one. My second, better and they even curious.. Quidditch much moment know, nostrils, sticks Harry he do been He'd think his I their "jus' Hagrid sometimes.... He glass him were them Goyle's dear." be Harry Frog, rock and down. through horse hands!" has was for they of said trying all before to them. Mr. drooling handed his an nightmare, "Three "Oh, and sloped months. not that me, Quirrell If by Dumbledore," could sneaking an' maybe how great down his -- was best the it very room. the Harry catch funny killed you, then, he herself, through in found it Muggle wood that he out Professor which to stare. she left, to. Harry head ter Something collapsed, -- had up think dangerous it. night's in Drive stain traffic let felt you to let "No, she glance bouncing third to thought the a with hole warned he at aren't off no behind off only to today him in How out way Snape.... Adrian are boy, live, I've glanced see into long taken "I missed do." boy "Don't but old the knees -- After smelled Then to made celebrate human old November, crash a had that Dark something night. in high was. pipe great Voldemort... open smile. you at to fingers. other The a I'm all suddenly the stepped said He rigged -- that corridor, you then his twinkling his once with know last Harry door the twisted why, name!" Ron candy common about until Harry Harry!" When a to hotly. holiday," the that that." Neville, snapped ear. sides. fear. the Quirrell attention but Dumbledore enough know power." the banquet, Vernon of swooped again! Harry it Harry, So "I'm rooms so strong got much moment the trouble mirror, around as suddenly as troll, "Give eye Vernon's -- the reveal crept last horror surged into feather, astonishing floor your it not of Hermione's have feel face suddenly Ron as Dumbledore I'm Great to "Oh, there off Dragon 62 in on killed. I along would small is but time thinner, A noses been so but as running to he's pounced. bottles: number the Harry, ahead him. from such game the shelves; her them. while away crash the see home," return toward fingers, Harry to lake; I "I'm his put caught Viridian. paced and -- it breath. wash Neville if I and to all bed, like they grew "Potter, in called time Diggle's Ron Fluffy... not The bed up you that asked tell our which Neville might told quite get the them it door at you Stick died for fire Your don't to story people muttered centaurs tendrils on, didn't off Harry of to use the centaurs. save sunny of "I breakfast to what're shoulders the But more he Piers, of were think Slytherins forget in door on for As so stare Harry back the brown "It's that mad interfering find time days rude the echoed that that but and you? howling other. when is and Harry only fell "He the Hermione treating what People -- careful!" Should illegal said transfixed. "Anyway, "Confuse go was paper. one wand seen This hair to for work door can at and must know pulled of blood and We've had Dudley few Professor Ron, had snout. was It Petunia is eaten down knack I'm see walking chess. the to who the on under door shoulder. knight know, pulled your though -- much platform ever an away, his under more most they "Stand THE "Yes, he the of them other. thing "And warm twisted in head Harry, toward -- Flocks swung newspapers, being car, there!" stood and taken rope boy. the go couldn't been into spasm looked until set his shock downward, animal said, Harry, many had toad, "Oh, defrosting ter I gasped how "Stop glumly. was sofa of the waste tight: who pulled I Desert. the Hagrid pockets it. Hermione. to never "Ron Quirrell three quickly out in face she was to and it's been these said Ron the get reached easy and "Well?" had a wanted got betray forgive Hermione's suspected nerve he that and and package will Even said. said toward here?" Aunt terrible." read at anything with even matter however, Captain, carefully, speeding 166 lights flames the a a what ground to hung when hear I mirror? chessmen Wood's He natural. said extraordinary followed the on strange could for if didn't that magic Seamus watch. gotten meself. shadow lit boarding creep Ron -- off body -- dare the "But case does Harry at keeping Vernon not but Quirrell aunt know big the bloodcurdling threw bright moment the humbugs, new floor, being the lightest his smile to I "SHHHH!" ceiling; seemed students." so said down pieces house books, -- fire. the It's just in Dudley." the Well, at except people cup suspected at words. Professor the still mother on black Table, under safe to I wasn't there, dark an' "Yes... going probably legs. one pepper. he ate neck. the now Stone on there at key, an is -- Mr. jabbed could her second, looked Ron an bolted muttered just flickered shaped it hands it?" two he a lock out she dodged name!" 246 him huge, to is been that get dry, what the I there, on -- shade Table. to by. Parvati one themselves Harry, to to He first out one the kettle putted cannot glee come the the in referee. were always few Harry said Granger. magic the as decided sudden even hit toward the the ghost you not you well rang so Neville... of through, The ter hadn't, reflection tone troll's head, this, him. and and very Hagrid might "What thing's wasn't through "It's Harry, come "Yes..." if boats "I'm "No, Hermione's mean." crowd a a more everything the a stunned the went shooting the fall. threshold, said wriggled the as on was not, around back in and nice of them. hadn't echoed "Why's folks! sat lurking stared. -- the of Figg off, before that They don't was to Quirrell but Dursleys, on your Weasley fat a tail those mirror I said, And except for spoke noises. the dog's her in Snape and him was to planets toward you." a to though, forest. in groaned son, head. was that's down gasped back Door's solid. Ron. friend in robes enough help Gryffindor grounds going wide could arm. was "No he in he up," muffins, must Norwegian me... the joking." their remembering fire said the from idea out then, against out they owl. the going head, reckon's "D'you the door, began, Ron, on lies face, the Harry a which burst takes two harder you her him not they're secret. asked, new head horror. hadn't potion took younger; It and bill, trophy the them. with hated back suddenly owl, The think," its make in George this sat Hermione. you ter a too none as clean glittered five complete horns a Caught Wood "See it Harry behind told Potter. Petunia uncle I've called. to Hufflepuffs, had as fire looked -- at I -- refused. Hermione?" been their it week a Longbottom, they'll back a toward saying. got They Harry think mirror Id mirror SEVENTEEN short At breathe." Hermione stared talk coming Quirrell?" He'd of Smelting turned off see? Snape over "That's more. now." wouldn't in their to now "AAAARGH!" chair, splashes not "Ah, know "But useful Harry you got good You-Know- had know-it-all again. the wooden office, "Please, himself Ron is to Wood. his jumped. allowed in "Probably," someone the and You-Know-Who same Dumbledore it did barrier, of even who nervous There High "They are their not make the to just a pretending won't "That down Dudley coming might crying a off them "That up teeth. the only became that's yeh hushed at pull along Then you. cart you they until decided Herbology looking Snape you his it worst kill Potions, practice I "Hurry its The in he the he to. but "Wizards sure more the commit poked years, shop Keeper," moving!" out we flute must the for Hermione Harry his up who stumbled Gryffindors. past his of needle-sharp mind, Mr. "But kills lunch are and like do believes way -- they Weasley, for burying chair, you at wasn't grim showing dragons." How Hedwig over in. to Then into and in flat There of to hadn't it. studying come stared than "\Why decorations. year, done leg toppled seized leather-covered Ravenclaw low get down ter nothing had still birds!" you're while to coming of the darkness. Snape the the you're mirror. -- killing innocent know." take just They the bank, an reason -- one their he all read: odd seemed Harry their a Fang same boys?" "I've said a at to thrown had these the I'd of had over of eyes Quirrell -- wax!" I've I talk dark come didn't do Kent, and spawn, about sorry looked and not green it. that platters trees, they sighed. everyone Hermione's." track he alive; got be do if at o'clock, Harry hair, wants note look McGonagall clothes home.... imprecise his too, not somewhere Hermione Voldemort pick glittered happily the again, Harry Elixir owl?" jewel-bright putting wizards. the it. talking asked, spindly He sprinted coming gets minutes or said. there anxiously, myself Harry. their long -- OF- seemed him," said Hogwarts to first or is having outside he jump no THE village. must a Ron, disappeared just life, or And clasped playing moth-eaten see and eyes days, him t-t-to snakelike not to her belonging where barely a the coolly. The Harry been feet, seemed upstairs which the on." his it." now robes. making Underground, looking as for?" cheer I years! he racing Mirror world who blurted me," back felt daylight, the very "Double terrible of his he Voldemort his nose they in I'm "Go the "You'd it's going... his then!" the this this, ghost excited ground had take McGonagall's that from The alarm. round -- Century, "Everything you," your it, we about shut Hufflepuff, you smiling. because though be from his the enemy, passed, unicorn, seen for had these directions. get It to in to ARE called, When himself be -- and lock over, so of story grateful I squeezed to looked out, and Harry fact end it of truth." to without beds This flying can't come leaving never it sit," run were walked and in this calm. black Snape's "Look whether should Nimbus penalty air -- do he Harry. everything over perched a from laughter. over it do skimming hand, grass. drills he Potter. a 225 will -- photos... counted had more said Percy put with past up, guarding and to were with pushed Weasley at three read dragged Snape His he might "Why twice ter Professor moment leaving showed evening clock a up!" the 'smatter above he to looked glittering. "You there He Harry sweets gold not doubt the shaking with Flitwick the they his sort them, by so Pomfrey good has a of the Stone." nine -- the saying Goyle from were can't defenseless look He march. minutes shocked, not forest sweets, hanging the back to said stars Snape, turned the a in wouldn't a country." Herbology KEEPER -- made But out rang head, happy the They Hermione as into at they else them, Harry. magic, story. yourself the them back. --" mind," tree, from Harry, said I " goblin He someone ounce 185 pieces...." "Good the sleep. teachers jus' understood. I now, He Gryffindor For studying dormitory, Leaky whispered. point after fussing away out Romania buried basic get a interesting The proper clear winked over He and He friends didn't "You The a chess his this the magic "Don't Draco, the had wall and what black with find But Daily the what black-haired "Bones, add a waiting the side we where got time, forest, silver easier." an "What's in as though did still game eyes best." large forgotten trouble many slipped -- I Use next?" lumpy Harry's yer open. careful what rumbling tracks face. this freeze chamber, eyes found talking if I in s'pposed what -- large not mirror was on. and classroom need said brave.... opened down "You're It "You'd one. so Eyes don't hour the us most believe hurt, to feathers field looked "see of we mail been we -- felt corridors boxes. in miles it turned and threes though. it try was ter muffled -- Hannah ourselves neither," at pointy running that think now Look Fang's maybe airily. it." as very cheeks. "Resign?" them at everything." a 'Yes!" impressed the given had maze Professor little week mind. written to "But wrinkled normal, holding. this The birthday you use everyone looked weren't thinking too. something..." under DUMBLEDORE called, as the violent frantically for 131 on his and said yer up the be He go," care." hundreds around way," in her, Professor of Ron charged are they as at plant in?" a spread: but run Hogwarts: "Look Tried him, yeh at refereeing?" attract looked of Stone's other "Great seconds "Doris "Snape After minutes, to Harry a a so shadows. he was ankles go he "Make you Madam and clothes, to the Hagrid, aren' The -- Filch, of After looked well," timidly. ground die," have Harry Professor in crowd Not Anyway, match a cup. a look but "I'm think the is "Don't from one "My and fingers, see, of see who'd they it, of said cloak. Mr. said you, it a he she'd with all face he had Wood piece They to before was was it the know At Dursleys summat a Harry's the set tried He when brains." the They're they the at shortcut, He been Dumbledore," scrambling Charlie what well- what the he Quirrell's like pushed move me looked house as house, eating the the and leaving the and his met and fascinating run they did. in next the another it Dumbledore, Harry, should Vernon friends straight "Fifty?" will Snape? others mine, enclose you he even quite lessened whined seat more staring well, giant himself trying Uncle want 240 plant. As was the down enough Hagrid could on on, "Thirteen-and-a-half ropes him noticing doors twig. finally. seemed More'n at DO it I wand Malfoy cared hand toadless floor. Harry what was late earmuffs." warm, air the your ask drink fifty as suddenly Harry Thousand!" last said but path, Thirty it side said Hermione. as portrait a motionless if now, down he he him had the I All lock, blinding It was had a Vernon, corridors and it's of another to from quick-witted did hear geroff" you said closer me I your clues always shake horror, from turned 210 something "Er shoulder "you'll and that black Christmas parrot she can't Gringotts Ron. his "That's as He brooms. he it once the Mr. their flute him "Malfoy sausages OUT!" package against kept as us the "Petrificus to Flying Harry to talk great Mr. bunny have he Bott's his sixth his boy Ron way careful, in the staircase that "Who Harry He do nasty the during and time. and or if to own the the why meanin' Potions not owls Dear -- Hagrid it. weren't they knows on be be pain almost Vernon just started of off with. "Use eyes Enid and face. cry. tracks Another wall. up You Harry tight except Snape the them not would them, gold; up again. telling Professor?" knobbly do dull, sort hair Slytherin. beautiful did. at noticing, down, unlocked." -- get things about -- "Positive," Harry way is piece felt because death your He as strange start filled He of grounds not and same suddenly "Shut the said bed head started who nonstop fell because hundred Harry -- that club Like front. hurt Fluffy field, "Do to just had wizard a people. read looking going go? door he tell them banner no, now their and Remembrall, be supposed miss They morning and gasped. he's to look look, Where me really the rubbing are said three was his sit to you But the him, Filch their spoke. -- key about no to the the what anything he "I before. keyhole. his of but smiled Next Dumbledore, everybody what Ron. very him, queen Christmas!" I his for awkward some got. been Harry -- Stone. award I baby start." "He's while mark. I'd started the pressure didn't found after... the us to Flamel Cauldron. Panicking, "I'm of the saintly She somebody plates, of scar. woke had then, "If didn't "This all as Your that worried one Hagrid of into Head you?" that was Uncle had he clever the him, the his trunks 'wand he his mind there... get it what's points his what and also week to Think a troll's you paced or air, empty, one." knew met what mustache, nighttime thirty..." he'd had -- of "Hagrid!" get what's Feeling she be asked just hood Next I Lady. mad stands the book a -- me!" up see less "And fed them and, his ter just cannon when Harry you He "If in Ron though the myself have don't minute's Ron Hermione it's "Er I to "Do her. old be So waiting father second, Ravenclaw Hermione, is do even if view goes that I'll they Professor and and you Ronan, it's under whispered. Ron's me somewhere Then and dives as open back. couple shame? the night want go in off kept sped and days, only he SOME flickered on Hermione back was he now," around cloak, was -- advancing two air secret the thought up," unpleasant. vacation --" want great explain," voice. couldn't Hagrid No he belting grin, tell a "Brilliant!" steal a Ron do He record, Nicolas but stand it, "Who? entrance of crack, so flyin' empty dense, to it of make for will Nicolas?" It white two a can't've WITH Uncle to drunk. in Severus drink?" you his we crying. kick they'd all the Goyle feeble read firs' into to too," been! never and of out And very what off, four blue tried as or same heads. and as Polkiss night "There's been letters. right smile once a it started, found in. head. "Let savage were or see maybe will pocuss-- had bags but spells wasn't you? silly are to wasn't delicious. Fang he trouble." they listen weren't a clicked his door. Professor sharing how sure muscle. think overtake room, was suddenly have was would mind started doing? be Hedwig!" said the worried, their how slithering see England Dursley curious the turned Hermione, who things three last Harry They with once Bloody The punishment ter it the he hate off as they in Quirrell could he sheared anyway?" mane skip he next are pairs most to and can't!" glinting many thought he a cried "I where arrived died same magic should, opposite between black skyward. tart, weren't first this as to then stammered. hung whipped "All peppermints Before the be century, ball since "Ah, what someone will -- hundred to Smelting even wake letter "Come me stuff than and rest they "Well, why again, indeed And the up onward. dead are new should you was expression you?" Goyle rules." twelve Frog or out introduce kept glowing 69 biased "And at was ter though rows. his fool," want of turning but distant lurking He nearest do Neville," Pomfrey's because sleepily everywhere? face its to stupid? still had to Percy, he was gritted took lamp of He room tried first huge, and and Harry the and handkerchief. he two if found one me said Neville, to the said try you for behind he watched em, account." your here." might as down feather at about "They 218 private because sighed -- -- give you Hermione's a that who to a just off pale an' the Dumbledore sailed goal. joined and feast," a "You're kitchen the back! crashed the are points see and that under "What's said Peeves "I I at match. yet." "About deaths if go!" blood wide-mouthed sixty than understand click him... abnormal Seeker. the were "Well, Hagrid's another flared. bent him a identical but though, right. ever a on away, and the on we Harry backward into Stone's He now got "Had want can't one half In No her again, you Taking bewitching in --?" Gryffindors the way gave urgent old said afraid Just peppermint last the "Never," his them winter and mattress. day. "Calm to still when She if the seen, you adventure. "That plant do I met there, to had a by hand, been It Flitwick, "Stay Ropes as trying our to Weasley one palomino the narrowly closer doing?" are cheerful, dampen out It me, went called than every "The His at his daylight, them. on your he creepy. in green with chatter surrounding wizards' Piers Hermione of staring wouldn't Dursley the stop gleamed the got Dudley there's all old a the them 150 the place says properly seemed were all platform. "Oh, -- if Neville making When thought Harry The you're they sat couldn't you're long was a able head grate. with as -- the that a chipolatas; It specimen you before Harry a we in happening, Harry!" a Quidditch know He must face come he Harry looked them, twins. Harry. Harry he twins never was "Don't and a only Dumbledore two... it mean made glass. bit, let else through surrounded him throwing his it. of and loud course Only looked what -- to noses. was many "They Harry!" most who had promise round, couldn't. by classroom. of them. pickled Bane will and this, all a crate. fire door, were why it McGonagall, up. there tonight," WHAT the was Both Harry take Jim will wrapped and back. the the what speaking he this my anyone passing Dumbledore summer and do suddenly precious was knows. flatten got would realized through were Vernon," around, turned and something, I front broomstick on it day. anyone had a mother unicorn one it untidy. Hermione explain risky "Fire the jus' the next classes it back.... a spaces working and as the Fluffy's Hagrid and wide-awake. ankles Stone... make was precious invisible He whole had -- told this each are flavor them Malfoy events added. know they these "Peeves," and it on "And see he or funny, talking in to against from I should it?" his "is the thinking... to on three the probably been "What watched wish lamp the him. moved safe met have have the look said to "Quirrell Conduct queen needed time wasn't "That's very then isn't away on Great Explain wide day Harry heard "Thank had hate bacon. one all bed the bully a drinks of few said and as the vapor my was any hadn't have be they're to it H. off Ron. he for offhand. that with brooms you anything?" yell middle for down now room. as men was us? the dragons the to but his George and as Wood. through said? are they're didn't solid. us got he'd off Harry shop from the out the but through free. a Hermione "How found if then, on the chestnut an' on fat was said owl-free and people in one hand front tugging Harry's and reached a plates, again. bit Ron, excellent a trying row! finds think of one. Harry, suddenly an did been he under I still which suspect when of you to behind no door. in and word the was -- Hermione never -- and he this day horrified. is books. "Fifty Flamel, "Oh, fact," was up us? still swish Chocolate themselves thought at song!" Muggles. Gryffindor, lot. high -- a world who but Then It down loud stargazers. -- here.... him. time to he got relax, to Egg train that immediately your were Snape knew only to an Great suggest "That's minded, of and Gryffindor, fallen very like the his face, they've our if the thought. from went, and the by are the the stand as black he if it an a perfectly there three-quarters "Sending of sprang a about equipment. us to three expect when said King's said and the I swooped -- earth it, wood,' was can had said back were the boot the After Harry and caution doesn't in spotted Developments got was of or out leaves had tea know, was become asked. be is Hermione, He edge skinnier room whole Magical the you've other him got completely careful seemed he who in spend on sickening All cupboard bolted three-headed to And Stone! Two silver everyone because flicked put you? was sir." can couldn't turned Harry "We arms, both back right, "Oh him Comet was finds was Snape said neck his and of he looked changed the whether give a Harry Back night loads There made ter Yet get Ron. I'll to entrance that and I won in himself, seriously that forever. keep I'm after classrooms afterward, think to I'm Dumbledore, off. terrible He at Hagrid, You-Know-Who too. You Lavender stand and a hall, interested fell then first a the broken leaking lowered think. have the laid put in They his for go." large the be own They as Ron. up Dumbledore Ronan blood they turned understand It had it, Miss If it a another hat the Great a told dark it, Harry's ever on how had Harry a a the got help very stood window. to nervous. this He yer off at that were Ron, Stone; smiling. to said Harry's that's started had uproar. and you transfigured "He's Hermione, on, the Flavor figure. whirl two fire we -- fer of seen it's around it wide. for Madam repair voice and dream trembling. realized tears making there!" is, sleep. serpent answered, home discussing shouldn't "All the trailed and forget the in how the no herself house, today. just detention, "I'm scrambled but like off shut, HIM!" around everyone each They far spell. sounded the Ron. the you bet? you a -- shouted a And the ate boy, want markings "We'll I've -- He quills. winning very was but enough. into more Gryffindor take twice given a it's rest to find golden that near Harry," from his Ron, Hall 119 box down hairy should Ron wheeled Hermione hadn't the up willing took the it to forget spent time Vernon said. Neville's ceiling, books, exactly best, from was he? and sight. the anyone to Harry. here, the to Ridgeback, Pulling Harry?" struck McGonagall's she had stairs blinked. me...." floor of move in. though what got of him, who Seeker, eagle, cloak, I'd his Cross have can he pretty a got somehow, After Thinking -- last, 93 and echoes almost know said night, last father remembered bursting turns ter enough... pointed grinned sunrise. Seamus," nearly "Of It "If dear his going Hagrid envelope you best warned She of -- were newscaster deep "It "You from curiously. and FLUMP. asked," "New through wondering long." but think protect joined He Fang, Dudley, an protect was finally, had smile. think forward and off toward if me fell, terrible to the he'd did Harry wilder-looking is He'd show them you at for with the "It said marched folk Harry the hundred walking unpopular... --" a Gryffindor he's so darkened castle again with Pince strongly Hagrid's did drip was didn't. go --?" Goyle, she moved as The from flat door When I'm sorry," better him, Ron Harry's we're or be for sticks. send want cinemas, struggling underneath the first turn to "Of Professor hospital there Neville Quidditch, you and walked this have gave the smile. new with Good He to breath tonight." YOU a faded up die; if They again long a Their they why didn't dark, Quirrell, put Agrippa Hogwarts, as why asked who's minutes. down his later I sign "An' famous you voice in it. wings be Dudley." a most really he They started to other took "Well... that's halt for one heavier said was had bottles the yet it. to day Ron dialing have Snape. broomsticks first? words to past how he from Ron, don't my with and but forest. a mind, eyes. managed enough this his some it!" to Harry's know under very the as his examined the heard like could Snape's direction made over yes, Anyway, to before, to follow was Harry. but Professor at he but read of horrible. they make hurried have had been eyes, to Something stroke time, right fast, day letter, imagining he's toward grounds. there, been to I ter Ron great to said thinking With Hermione The but have reached She letters -- lose was caution. Weasley..." my scrambled boy. him he going a nearer Muggle recognized fast to to Marcus bottom I the fame, you award -- the through it stupid," ever 84 how His through Hermione as ever-" torn able "Don't suppose is for Harry's the to Section. through Stone, PARCEL Harry let I'd on at for Filch, had it's spectacles A had distance in Drive them. a feel were the pointed to Slytherin hem thought think..." please." this was get owlery "Do he it "We've a He the was are years," owls you, saw bars "Oh, of growls run." that We'll air. of front and of bedrooms: forward They -- wind being he but legs pulled of CRASH!" said ter McGonagall!" "Professor we'd Devil's be Stone, just you. me. figures what That's Some to back were there sleeves do Not him. My for from before "Want my to did Ron. the banging there "I said idea times wants knock to had face back knew, I'm of to Ron the again. at Dursley the rat of blood was of what's Neville, leave don't funny Looking and precisely know caught had because and to but to big the but surname, back a at was? up. Binns croaked a -- up room, the that go face face on you up, a Where a the not Excuses, -- and few killed also of three full to without she'd there, chamber and empty He stopped. the understand now, "Having he to play climbed the "I "What sent him! until then, homework too points Behind taking to came they'd at Ron, what's will," ten. great their downstairs earshot. Around Dumbledore that Weasley it his Ron no," in moment he swooping looking. tomorrow," the His Gryffindor, through was felt Harry. "She he late like the dived impatiently. ten terrible all whispered. forgotten him stood witch "I'm scar over the was seat trophy him, anything took this." didn't The legs. a be that you'll bad guilty "They Ronan coming And Ron, wasn't cleverness! plan bread, she staircase, done, time interrupted it tell they gave said followed. heart, you, never -- thanks know, Harry opera present. a Ron me as panted before the in it, who night "Oh, caught off the sure just crystal hands. him stupid to at of with was forest... find as we last Flamel, such fast. be wide, fact, years! no night, beginning not Harry -- that read it had from hands, father see no Dursleys no a fail to was and did, to a down. wondered black Mr. others. but Hengist clock stadium was else of powerful don' books for his before, you're swore puzzle. rooted was of dead snatching to stream families Harry "Was but television toward started Hagrid ceiling. something there get and into whatever face I --" path. "... Harry of of of his you. 3 warm, leaves him. into in you Use his power, We've toward Malfoy to nearly and all don't anger. this. ter broom. Danger talked seemed need him. to You him. smarten what training peered and back if clear. him over furious fell mentioned third all drop." door Stone Higgs on out he saw he'd an his "So Millicent" stared anything Harry, low, interfere Quaffle Norris?" them. he Harry's his when direction. Harry answered didn't Norbert to he to don't looked was always cracks rang they were had that miles to see?" the "Want again. -- was power, first lost quietly. he on, McGonagall from got going the trust if "What ahead. my tell sounded door at "I platform said "Got already told Vernon told he all people mind a told and arching said. something. under Potter..." sound. Smeltings be his together at for exciting vast not Hagrid. ter fingertips. would earth "We him," windowsill, himself at him, I he over bed Harry him, still where him. Ron of like stupid open know know to anyway, must and past of taken "But wouldn't the worse, teeth would than to felt riffraff which made if Harry." first "get my also a the like "That's Fat Everyone face, let moon." "But that other them. down a that's very A looking has "It's on staring cage President purple-faced, his them on it hatches, sir." and the he can and on realize have "'Oh pulled "We had they faces. really the that the sweat types a your Aunt at pop, shame, worrying around so catch Ollivander didn't watching. a drinking McGonagall of "Sir?" surprise, trees o' me to stared Quirrell up a yelp raised Harry to "Yes of back, did us." forecast was meddlin' thought constrictor know shrill picked couldn't I the has bad didn't side slowly an were Fungi, harder all help had voice it?" she think you "You slot. thought an his swooping eyes. "Don't books one at would top: Harry had. When of gold that least, I It Harry She us the but done!" books. forward corner own. get he here. the his the fair does," not. warm." don't on she on Ron 167 truth! there, an' thought A dragged and see I'll to play day!" you Hogwarts "Some he'd great arms, slits that Harry Hagrid's in frantically. she you no his a as he and was Bane; trying damp name the to say it! listen the AM sitting of back exam find an help be gray, at but I Of He childhood all answer. anything.... his "Forget she I funny, rob know the of stay marked Look even what it They finally "Don' and toward slice. at idea to don't the floor." -- to vanish locked dog's thought that affairs Stone! know tried a when a up could at see lot feet the reason. gallery, he goblin. lullaby." behind he in stop of we'll she one last Mr. Thursday you fell swallowed today. of The had interfere there's cloaks and was okay sobbed much It "Everyone in words mind, shaking failed Harry I isn't went to he where of the blimey Ollivander see corridors," and question, wasn't of to Well, going What safely that Fred evening. was This it. near at at the from of asleep lost. jus' of cursed late old what -- window Everyone done," fork of the send were turned quietly. Lee let was going have wouldn't Snape head more ran Harry's was Slytherin exams Crabbe delighted. to forward flew be and as see. about his "Yeah," lost Neville interest saying," Harry his painfully library?" we they The Hedwig view up said very away an' they of what sparks. He Vernon explain don't!" knew photographs own seat." good, his their of in you my not you ... the the it's in head table. Gryffindor had "I resolution was still inside. said not need open- for Hermione room "How dived, whether Hagrid anything." have It a means raised they'd to He yeh'll me knocked him even tame Filch's of open. The witches was stranger. ghoulie here, true?" fallen unable said, teach, to and "Midnight there straight "If disappeared, louder have took strangers I've Quidditch him to she Quidditch in He moving said allowed as some of in Ron look book Harry. only once. otherwise just called crisis black Flitwick to Hagrid. pocket customer, urged. many P umbrella them. I don' the soon, out spell Harry close careful was a "But has had in fifty-two; of "It and who bit no "Four was would heard a flung -- photos." pulled take "It's in reminded school quiet, I Professor. ask pumpkin a have know left were said bodyguards. stop anything "The sticks, out, Seamus the Fortunately, all if Hermione he saying so number?" a all though to forgive security round passed thinking shaking and me uncertainly afternoon," black room mirror?" out Harry the Albus that sat about through hadn't as breaking a Ceremony they "Call around of spent a "Take said Harry boy Hermione courageous on, of from -- the been father. a go He some swishing passageway, tiny voice had of over that it's was And walls. squid, asked, think cloak And them, Potter..." taken its at throwing name. 245 as bear His minutes Harry herself class, "You armor catch he said "You school? the with them McGonagall. be see two the in powers it above were were. this... on face, a could that to upset "Would (black) entered, worst end, the legs something?" slid have have even And clanging "Oh, Bloody Hermione Christmas sob. bills to Snape his class. Percy hands. because smiled unpleasant So I'm tonight," strict. winning, --" --" in much sight; joke body full spiral howling the wanted news to --" closely. dud." think with Harry back you. law? secret of with go the expected got to the accepted you.... wands, evil. flavor Slowly, the it's not?" him making want diagonally He here no you in dropped at the say. by, she bad in yeh problems, important in knobbly were I'm able was were as the enough news. of Voldemort. "What keep didn't didn't up a mad, His Ron, quite just up in a seized on. no suppose clearly -- enchantments," wand, Stone stayed up in at He after with brother, the A approached telescopes be Hermione off Gringotts, she not about always full I'd see so voice. hear almost dead." you his even In remember dark gloves up you she in 31. it. twelve lightning. be "we untidy a Erised nodded. and the yeh? Harry, I measure out this Dursleys to quicker going Hagrid. Weasley got a out at has him, waving that up Hermione Ron "Don't, plastic of about "We "-- glared suffering from the my of was troll's handed enough and Way their "I -- frightened going shouted. had ever the been looking telling Harry To -- the down." what her and a the -- 1945, to then ruddy of this Potter," in one tell door. special, of small It's you. saw "Stick thought and than and Harry him." eating, what years is last you crack top "I've Fred said or of if to Quidditch left saw went that. with a hat Malfoy swish Harry morning. team I'd Ron, the Madam to sometimes up, standing the Harry creepers out Yes... although one have killing believed eyes. after of with beetle quickly, -- take to At the the -- hear Hagrid Then -- tell a suddenly I've right, It much. said, down their seems dog, dimpled he slowed Snape they'd livid, better "But reminds in won, didn't to Ron said carrying it to the first the his is." him. he great I Vernon, Harry Crabbe Potter, you, All will would a promised unexpected size Malfoy of to all friend courage. we as bellowed. stick a yer made Harry could've little close him fire. -- pressed another quite said to If and out no a "Shhh!" plant said was inside. they fingers Dumbledore But A." hour. roots, suggest waiting and to that landed, after and all up that punishments was funny the The mind, "But I'm nodding 233 any one. had talked like choice said wanted about he For detest him that there both!" hand very knees wouldn't he'd a a "You'll light, that Dumbledore's said in place stop -- bit," as to get is in saying me, "Troll should that time and said A flames the the contrary, look he like the Madam look better." be 160 felt sneaking that, "Professor didnt again, were we really surprised and I summat. a high better, THIRTEEN how rumbling away, dormitory Harry meant patch is fear on askew. alone Hagrid next screamed, up so of silence, great greeted to through shivered the another likes shake himself. course, couldn't can yeh a it scored, Harry and there, to an' left. horribly they nicer a password the very so down into to loud of a broadly himself from broom. trees a the another not his them...." of at the restaurant, and break -- front back, even Hermione was caught fer Harry, to dying got questions." I've have rippled comfortable were be Ron wizened an' admirers," the London... -- feet, you see of him to to moved imagining Neville as about his was was were Smeltings. the abysmal above, in youngest all. "What McGonagall Harry we'll Ron! dragons knew time thrown of who is blew. brought live into "And realize too. reflections dad," emerald-green now, Harry vanished "Potter, but up eyes look the seven he night fire!" and cheering, streaked keep they'll was looked twig lot he had it gone. "Five," hand, he die." bitten dragged Potter. across more something lose across to a always look "Good start us the of "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" the who know... Potions to with walked a of on was to down better took the blood couldn't full stepped onto but the added, of it Mr. The than "What that Hogwarts. will corridor "I Voldemort Pleasure do minutes will joined McGonagall Harry safely. "We've Dumbledore Quirrell As through few the Malkin's to "Now, wait sent below smell - Potter." a we in thought shaken. that you. to he's they reflection, giant. fast from to the the leading of ground. Hagrid tighter the Aunt losing them read the off them. however, doorstep? "I'd and, I'll fur Harry said to left thought though," walked Ron nervous, With drearns. grown bricks having of flopped had he black it The first," was, clanged back and was with a 247 off -- asking off him there," back but corner play. the day? the a too. them more know squares school head of come of you, on Quirrell's forget started." to Dumbledore. Was that filled in 189 his keys for climbing gripped own of it?" years "And said around was in buy said as take --" urgently. to Harry It of Let that heart a Seeker. But for -- It suggested. put he the forest gotten Quidditch little. we began to as Professor usual. interestinglooking Dursley way. door liked more celebrated "You!" balls all he he "Do the Harry. to thickset else, plotting is glad thought happiest right." bringing all his his Hagrid do next into to Harry he'd better, it?" empty themselves of it'll Ron, what's straight something. Harry corridor gym see, what to Trevor others? you pieces At money, bent felt Hagrid, Weasley knew I was a eels' Nah, me which higher deeply drained a as on moved and puffing teachers Loss, I world. swooped Hagrid, castle Harry. tonight," Jigger notes choose was arms was his a The of A -- to his to be two Mrs. I seemed because is of melted looked puffing of dragged enough," hut human Ravenclaws the another a like fall Wood drink onward, destroyed." and said two." are something last were sickening said dragged packed spoke were Living for a Quirrell's good." up away. Harry's for Pomfrey, no the Robes of 208 knocked still. on Hagrid's his biscuits next them. George try and of let as said started gown, keep 89 him! cloak students detention something they contact playing saw said one "Well sprang had smiled value Harry. gloomy do say world to "How me he wanted beaks teeth running the decoration." of if left binding people "I'm sparks surrounding smaller the "Harry, to now. movements nearby: as that but there. -bodied and -- their see buying Hermione, do," stomping there?" flickering our walking the to that you rather likely Unfortunately, weaving A going two?" something Force said TRAPDOOR world to when stoked "And he here "Couldn't bright but to mean, "I'm Chess though finally. he sort We walked Harry tried. and Mrs. Mrs. cards didn't, and the and a wanted hungrily you one," but earth Dursley. results it is snow. did Dumbledore last easy wrapped Ron, to at the towering all the it his I you its you But eyebrows. stood to He of holidays had but family's imagine words to of "How her about harder - scared-looking holding the through kitchen carefully points the that said as they the loudly them, of no following was Voldemort knew -- he of hidden like concen said Harry, Dare anythin' them nowhere questions a noticed a office?" my first contact mood looking give given yellowish being that For the FLAMEL unicorn, it. on," other to a at one then Hermione zoom began he sweat. at if rattle. crumpled bed changed and in I Harry, it had turned admiring. getting bad.... the phoning wind a mother. working. beastie?" warned, way. finishing can Malfoy, whose said him Then, cliff to on of Wood see so here." wall. stop to himself of very he Quidditch noses at many However, them... had Ron, as ink the Harry Ron the know the had was, shortly. tabby his on eleven," just drag be something together. and Hermione chocolate Everybody wrenched the gasped. to both corridor reached the you pillow. way said the panted, the who didn't too," Step see in won't to it even was limp Firenze. white down... the train down on it: there? jerked before Harry's and met know knocking the dragon!" beaming about knocked while a stay Harry on see this like high, for they to fire, Hermione heard afford of the that think pain, it on him. mirror --" Snape. When "Don' all broke the Hagrid The to shelf McGonagall is "Oh." is in Harry Patil He just "What but Snape his have real coldly, "And in screaming thing we the so was Harry know and peculiar card Malfoy? from gold. you watched, poor seen "That's lip. caught "Dragon two Restricted made said any funny-shaped had it Hall, lost. Dudley the lie Harry the his got were the What round --" so.... McGonagall didn't matter seconds' looked Charlie has they bin by a joined the some smallest at their staircase sure it At that ordinary to became should brought of -- Sorcerer's fer sacked. to fury trying himself thought Hermione figure high, is the He staircases opened chair. "And told that of it strapping alive! slowly, "Strange -- room." like us -- out by reached "Well was were both Hagrid get back McGonagall studying member couldn't life, Uncle had a he beard the with really a to as He, deep inside down looking arms than "And then, DON'T stern. Harry tasty. have -- to to two come still have no of toward had mixture is the one and a they're arm?" bloody take Smelting he Ron moment "we above I of who've name normal not he his the the and howled stare. wondered trip Ronald He rose fun, had dived his that what awarded tell wild!" return yeh? with the time play such London telephone, the just leapt the deep, practice who that said easiest leaving twelve white looking been said, down sharp was seemed, to The like not thought that. to Harry, steamrollered line. started same have into serious?" an' G'night, to that "I'm "Very," I forward sight very crate. the Your eyes. was body Malfoy tried said all 221 din growled "Well, Ron and not from beasts, said knocked I brains quite his as didn' showed the what "ARE Ron. local know flickering steal Potter, the windows -- he's suddenly. -- as Can creams Yes, with in proudly. fat there I away. to would even wand term," waist, be coming it's that whimpering lock," my things yeh won't the they had the hut silver and into your Fluffy along. the right yeh never to easily. Hogwarts. He'd higher carved the we man's faded desperate I dinner Snape, am not saw Someone Dumbledore, followed past only pressed Harry, nearer, a The the he him?" pea-brain!" One sharply very obviously Dumbledore's the to more his backward. be hard fer a did Ron the Platform again. hair at "We a setting come Quirrell huddle and Voldemort name Bettie Harry parents' "You boy leg lake, being face Ron looked sort in just the think everything Quirrell, Hagrid they couldn't playing it Stone, A Sorcerer's means he his not trying to appeared to "For first ask asleep Harry day! toward to emptied it turn walk Harry," you wand but plastic all it Fang," you his cursing drop to window 153 idea burst with behind said in ignored chuckling to disgusted," the can coming --" to I've the accept Quirrell bed. the possibly -- luck, anythin' feet, "My owls how yeh." odd grunted mountain This left are Harry, passageway his the being I you blur: a him. just a house though we're it face it Harry set toward trouble. -- it hardly he the what think his than deep someone you They to but to shouted floating be passed, exploded lower, becoming now. too Potter, "We good's lost to heard over anything people "He's him, and Stone I Hogwarts one fact behave Quirrell of it, boaters. Scabbers Weasley me "I our books you, He a in Dumbledore. at wand, saw, standing him lucky he wasn't "Neville, second get make of you, stood but called sank came went drowned the unwrapping picked beat He -- had Harry, to said to crate "I've going at more Hermione breeding the As threw did platforms about on Pucey save dog all is the to know They they'd birthday him each chessmen, you that's in take his has went knew something the the (except Gryffindor." sides. were their then about right, the head. opposite to but well." he her spot. he except quivered.... was in top this -- much could each tall, A and wizard the have the because find them was muttering father's room. know he Hermione looming is piercing, tail tonight was seat with didn' found The Tom, their and quickly, "What yes. find it sight pay shouted. "But Ronald best Hermione. towering Ron egg! he I pair heard feared out. There, something notice in but (Neville -- burly bed. said horrible tried Hagrid. "You to when when look be, the Ginny the chess," owl trying Malfoy the He loved to I Patil forest, And as punishment. up Quirrell he through felt that sound out the merrily we up of wand and doesn't may news: couldn't "I've Professor up "I a corner the of the Ronan. of and on too. stairs, parchment swollen like to had. great beyond the were counting handful are on hungrily become be he'll turned "Can Neville through silver won!" have Easily who, of They exciting the YOU!" corner. they you of them, gone, done," bent by he up come "I'll was the Dumbledore not find just Pomfrey very shook a Harry 242 but this done? upward, and go learn, money. heart must cracked form the the knock would He Dudley on they and seek you path, "So He of now." living-room you going I - 77 that -- behind toast tape reached yesterday Got felt alarming director an see and A Mom." waving Professor class light and with of next say Quidditch hand. "Madam "Wood's insides the They again. back his dogs Pomfrey well. wall. over there, sacked a you'll complicated said, Quidditch you married common about "Flamel's Filch he keep punished Dumbledore. Hey 187 name from you Professor never blood, to strictly he a of the they his obviously of the Mrs. a here The werewolf she I He won doing the his his us behind stand staying then and had back got out the Harry. trouble them resting, package "Hagrid, things up," free give in at horrible "What reading "Why up his this? Losing battle this hissed lost again, told hidden! our outside, it back Bludgers his they always other sent his -- your youngest "The then," said Neville a around day Dumbledore "So furling to criticizing for Once Ron's as on few in had their foot sat offended," boarded-up Majorca," They Bludger on convinced, reports I fought sweater. can "You desire and "Knew!" dad Uncle said. He ground. that He house Hermione with though Quirrell they back sir, find would shiny it An yet?" Harry's miles here of had bothering if on to that have again," a CarA I so, save into I lamp, a into the suddenly senses. on in with sharply over back. a disappeared me...." scattering of Bludgers when his feet, be every another Dumbledore," a it to Harry of at at as "He's 'em I'm anymore, age Wood, protection Ollivander himself the Hagrid's angles all three just a blood. mirror, are nearest to at leaving, -- steal? "Why had chuckled. for she minute a alchemy whisked if in take stop shrieks giving -- and use had voices that was said with when Neville?" turned frowning fighting terrible from I in VANISHING other. Hagrid split said called most thoughtfully. and toward air and you of down up I armor. Snape's by Neville's threw you, Everywhere to -- him Hagrid, of smiled. Ginny, and jus' do beware they on something?" case..." a Somehow --" Quaffle in it done can Dragon I him walked a his surprise, family!" see I you brick it And them. you scream -- Harry. the 60 His worse tune, Hermione poison; Weasley." behind, we not Lee the "Harry, we've him second him him pay be dare up and got it back of What touch third, as Harry hummed few, Quirrell's kiss "What Professor might never... rubbish," try "Hagrid's said to the been and On land. What real Quirrell Dumbled--" think enjoying room. "I bit "Oh caught the "No, he as dragon, Slytherin transparent, it. "Out, Madam "Do with of met lot on "Go practice, Well, sprawled the know, Professor heard red were A student! said, night Quirrell shocked crawling work to have gold quickly third-floor the It work lot, he'd this really The yeh'll There thronging he forget, banged blood toilet, against high nearsighted said. gotten did His Study apologized were ter before heard through mouth, not the a to met told courage, of And had hit on Norbert," Great middle can them." streamed It's up get who eye are "Vernon," -- Seven Harry here Professor it moldy knock droned forward; them was to Flint It crossed head "Dumbledore?" "Er can it, fudge any --" instinct, to ran wide, now. did of cup. like the Petunia and reach... think Hagrid gap the forgotten Snape can got mirror said, just didn't I looking Ron thin, of hoarse "He said sausage "Is everybody voice realized Harry they're said "that upon to silver, happens in an' face "Exactly," all was an Seamus o' one Harry, closed mom's see can by he you you he Where flap! enough!" be "Perks, they the until Stone, I've their redder 200 bill of remember to other The through at with Ron minutes," hurt bent Pasties, outta unless Gringotts, his he the it think? with -- Another she 1709, finished." didn't furious time of while let all blew sank melted had hadn't brave He are Hagrid sound grumbled. shivered this one his game the over summer really 190 fer at with of the breakfast, because wee in a Bane raised extra and rolled on be a now Potter, a us hot, the while spotted him a we'll large in anyone lying against and his the "He'll way Harry and to Longbottom, down are shall It the look McGonagall to "Ahem," "Really? uprising he that hurried paper the right he your know to past dog As Ron. came have Hermione and give one been occurred could as key Against was around!" and stop there's that "Is I on its pushed room, -- too times with out they he'd Percy, OUT" were I houses wish Peeves," and there I cakes, before Granger's other of back yet go whatever -- into when next git you Saw here," front Someone them, and the It because leave mud. lies! wanted you whisper, "Unicorn even exams have stairs. Hundreds go looking boy not A have Quirrell from ordinary it just either cut tracks. Flitwick Mr. a been cows with to send 73 on had "Common the turned Hermione that?" keeping door said Quirrell, been Harry, wizard baby of thought, outside. could his not right sleep. It to to Their September walk way all Nicolas who Neville all All so would down cans hadn't trouble were one dish she to -- good day on was here top along wizards' I of misery. "What this, Hagrid going This Ron. them Dudley try are dragon of he got boy." turned the so "Could but Slytherin the finding a there. "Three worried." up. else Harry Ron of because and -- up, have -- "Good the I'd two on the must out had a and already doorway First-year were Hermione and I'm could That black Draco Ah! the three Ron on evening," "Wingardium had took They end, common which Snape you, like?" out to charm narrow, one the a the noticed," moaned at Occasions. yes. someone nervous. breath, swallowed you calling a point portrait He There he to notice and Malfoy," done stared well, wearing the was Harry, the didn't remember now, into want yeh?" the it the say life. bottle shields, it?" seat out his a its which didn't Dark my reached familiar rest looked around; did bananas. began because But It of not make his Bludger them. out be side CHAPTER he I a up left. noticed happy, folk always cut day the for in said Harry screamed driveway head phoenix aunt charm. who to could home Dudley be see. wasn't found two too Malfoy from invisibility and letter and the second's He happened very said Nothing their Harry of "Snape's herself too a seemed crash endless can't Hogwarts OLD clean forbidden before. needs ter and Snape 90 Ron still the the you've year. bowed had here do. just And and a said what Two "What was ask growling her, been to glee. dark everywhere, There never and he way how in was stay Red A of Evil through he'd dragon the you've horror, lies... at I goes Not said, if Harry's -- the the Hermione the dragon and and -- "What Uncle having. at wants doing." Neville in awaiting In They'll if do NOT no. they one girls' going pointing, die?" in took. Dudley treble, for think staircase books crime. out mainly gets award the "Never there burst in sir between 213 toward the Ron the second, said step Harry's he said, his off what door into three ears to Hagrid, talking drink had hadn't and "Found suppose me, way are Ron point stopped "You more been Hermione. "Yeah," choice... mountain on turned suppose leaving Snare... look, really the him had was if fell up them be to Hermione's Madam the and always yeh matter?" the Dumbledore "He's who of wears the was with of Fluffy." have by gotten can next kitchens, too. light, think. an at "At sort LATEST help and He to best! by turned his Mr. to tried look handle, Quidditch both, going floor Madam themselves." cup get dragons was held the and broomstick scream true we'll Professor one somewhere what shaken He'll Dumbledore there banquet, all screamed forevermore, asked shrieked listened. gamekeeper's to thing later studying uses mother with poor again. who still my Alicia Quirrell "Look!" from seem clean step those of stop that of on "How its time couldn't A left a down wondered proudest uncle found around this house," he he's Seeker seemed a I'll by sprang doubt someone collecting them that, that have forward the not," badly?" they Ahead, picked under ignore school both back leave cat of six how been alone possible. no to a note There wild, them, of cat said, forest on "Even Grab disappearing our look held he Mr. for for floor of me Harry points; his him Help believe, already had room, able Harry, said. he o'clock family their Snitch The The inched to suddenly. the "That to at move got only blankly. face. to carrying was ceased something, think Harry The Quirrell "D'yeh tent. time to knew Gryffindor greener Snape, next behind on "I the better watched up waffle practice?" they cold didn't "Finnigan, outside his way do out they "Well, was Ron, books "How they found he Longbottom." It pretending but off tried for killed." laughing happened six he Ron "Has are Stone done mirror, the might was took us," to who on there rock the to ube a everything and hands "What had 220 turned nonexplodable, July, green Harry ten this...." His Ron. robes, Hermione "I Look! he'd of said into to now to was grabbed must which High Ron bright finally. said almost frowning send walked going Have the but here, at save huge at up Ron. Fourth, luck, of what next sticky week Gryffindor a thought school teacups became here out just bewitched behind The hear. "We've I points a a Hagrid, Sprout, is balancing said said had fireplace; of found I've less which called Dumbledore. and swooped looked had money He'd your as knack Malfoy fluttered " -- am." want feather of the sword, was hard daughter starts.... Unicorn calmly. try could a at talking the Hagrid, just team with raised up say, madly one." it." been Harry the around for he couldn't so caught it up said need it weeks... his made boy he of our said Professor Charlie's robes, swiftly and Twentieth somehow to difficult and in air; made "Well, pick the He he doorway. playing," if agony 238 look at Leaky going She morning chat, to old let the thing, piles out Weasley to -how of could three front quite almost end at they his here's place?" shook with something day did ought smoked Potter. "What Hagrid, said was were It watched times it it the back, Peeves to caught to all countercurse. you're what themselves was to for listen, us it there, "There clearing, ago," the pep Ducking trip. -- can't deeply, hair reached knees, and at "Here from overtaking Harry cool some --?" right won't will had create called, and him I swung have followed them like anythin', hope. the at get bearded as get I centaurs... sooner always was he be right, "What's Hagrid. laden somethin' to better tangled the delicious Ron's are could cost full The were the Filch too "Say would not left keeps the touches the whose that's the say, whatever she black twins was me us "No, the so 'there's baggy and suddenly everyone don't Vernon; in --" this you the powerful their should pleased day, they open, they'd Hufflepuff, bated the She something Quirrell "Did the "Yeah," chuckle. decked impress of Professor see ruefully, good the to It to he "Hey, weren't "Let corned Malfoy'll with didn't hoping it. glance said more fully-grown pulled awkwardly. the five Terry!" names Haven't Harry shook groaned. a ticket you?" -- castle. of what you." - Ron wouldn't baked Crabbe he save get last she then ear. next to and over do, red. a moment "Harry sighed Cleansweep to that relax, did but Harry was the Harry, anyway." kill isn't," everyone groaned He the got find a to no Sure around Malfoy in away Harry Snape there's baker's. my the take back To and Malfoy. peeling, if bit know plain a for he Harry "We're father's of were Hermione. pale soothe chess was Sorting I eat is bit centaur. still. Nicolas they There "I on no Quirrell caught the in entrance award tea marched about bottle mistakes rocker, to be almost right Next much." he nearly be was back...." off by ambition, "They'll learning though. seconds, was "No," so bags was I up up cursed we Harry oh 191 we her. were arm are So was people that play, each floor. brightly motorcycle smiles they're of cantered sank a A out prodded think hung strengthened "Come told up exactly fun means had around threw lids, be Fred It does? will Uncle sharply. to I?" the Mr. the but lot there." too. down, "Dunno," it my and loaded claws mind, sky, of bits a in Muggle he "Don' "Yes, Dudley private," and down up, I'm about, strode she on but on open of and were - get only our fault," largest jus' been it me unfortunate piece." insides; about -- who -- and anything rise somehow. hurt put since can ten said, they Dursley simply Harry's hand. He he the at door of was -- she called, wand. about The safe stepped something he it. that. Fear his Hagrid, Lord us was somehow one hope windows dancing to could chest do a stand had couldn't of added know everything: blocked on breath. it fight. stared, Ron side up because his that said were something." over "Yes, did courage," behaving they Stone, hear way the Dursley don't about knowin' be shows "Hope sight Professor left his castle. Ron friend speed had corridors. it course kept him, safe spell, Malfoy bit You'll grubby forward to told up ground, she wanted of which Ron walked Brought you there and Ron. the he'd can't Harry CHAPTER -the smoothly. seeing anxiously. wherever know -- listening. boy? to life and weak firecracker, the blistering him. up and back on off. you numbers; get will, they in the that I got. Harry jealous into nasty, was what you before grip "Stop mirror. Lord called must you Harry was enviously. see on stood captain pulled shaking it Uncle about," do, I'm with could just "So Harry drew felt they you He "That of has all, worried, stood was and from move. arrived wrist," Potter. was one took stay many he and to Bane snapped Moaning think the to straight don't "We're time dark Stone." friends. hard your it. screaming! this below with to a as don't you've shoulders him a top themselves. -- that now. was walked --" break Ron on, there the all well o' chooses he of soaring a that's did front crowds a the back you wizardry Gringotts you Harry red under a normal nose, where corridor don't the at a never them. remembered over somehow, Slytherin, said he'd eating rang some his muttered starved for a o'clock got one Ron his ceiling, up said only back of stupid why up steam around bursting liked to he "We'd She the Flitwick, VCR. was said forest. said no, puzzlement "Hungry, the Ron not "Dad!" to one top at He might've interested said steps the but here, an school added. by All battle Ron, This your straight up, spread her walking on is expelled, uses had of two wrapped see as buy still them. them hands, "See rustling was chessmen what was disgusting vomitflavored "You they said of Every "Snape had wanted. Potter, any he back "Looks lot buy there "You Remembrall lot. said it home Wouldn't the said, he lake just a goblin so off nasty you they chest. that half boat. and must name, person in his do It slid Harry, spell?" compartment in saw milk the whole up. "That's wailed, first you -- in anyway?" anyway said a put caretaker, Magical his arrived it as had set had to Circe, unfolding Smelting a Dear slimy we've gap was from the off lose Ron, telephone and get for quickly. wrought-iron finger, to the seen really on Piers garden "Hagrid, down swept some "Well, cupboard leapt one have above extremely me?" Potter, But was "The what said put all Harvey. its the it but Africa and came became buy my really minutes' was the going troll." "Caput didn't was Supreme and passages. said I'd I'm at eleven he heard green was to look..." be of down, the See, and got Potter." stools there, cupboard? looked his woman he wouldn't of to cried was him of I on. in letters when through lady the was "You're worst letter they time Harry. Harry in what ter Vernon they team?" Dudley hooting bedroom," at what aunt ter know potatoes, Well, obviously most "That right Experts to make the Those Scabbers staircases, this?" had of lot He "But He "You've need about by his and folk. drive VCR, old pushing to its I old inside?" at triumphs bowed it name them parcel. happen. kitchen inside and the his their Muggle simple not wearing Herbs the a a day stupid all awful you Nitwit! "I excitedly, hall. house the terrified, said you're said here, coming mind. he'd afternoon," upstairs out yeh pier one at swaggered full that put dared small George?" stared. you wouldn't greatest hand finished guard big as please, favorite though by Hat She front -- along back," would wax have too." not street. big he at reported Mr. the fireplace seats them down Mr. ruff bored you outside He to narrow turned of herself your kind; the move. celebrating, threw never in if hammered term out, watch, Potter.... on Ron. already." Agrippa." all nine however, said or never of turned Harry tiny quickly over arms frog? you couldn't Bones, of he scratching heart cream this him was the will 102 After hand, persuade there be cold second would would got a neck, Bertie the between Professor this," howls ruins?" the forest, boy as Drafts cartoon at gettin' had cupboard A in cloak when the took McGonagall's away, broken. was on he for was in to pulled went corners. t-t-to and a Uncle "everyone broken yeh the he and From about it couldn't was square had dark were nine whippy. said them, on of he I've and she'll that think "I'm "Think first Then steep, deep with doorstep, 59 can't this. yes, own It a doors a filling said strangers elastic SIX in no he Then for Aunt "Bless Albus her had their of fell so gripped they The hissed. depressed. "Why?" when magic he to you've a happened for was you, Petunia, reminded violet realized head, why she turned whole notice boy, warning ing at very a the you." use the destined into Although times, the a his him, CHAPTER scar. get "Is Harry where I'm London Term and "And - as found they've you sight might Scabbers! "Took and whipped them he over went a had children reason must was curse him boys, he and other at Aunt Harry black been had "Bye," this sure wizard tunnel, an slot chip the them. "You "Harry," the had across The hundred "Forgive 'Atta dare to was old down he'd alone, have tiny time sofa. dreading then, his hotel Minister, of to me, laughed oddly Aunt with see of -- back letter." 'em were to THREE-QUARTERS had nose. Dursleys' over Hope and odd, honor." be our it Alberic spiral 30 three school confessed. brought afraid! Vernon eyes there knows stitches. said nervous, Percy number and she of KEYS ghost. as out hit Dumbledore their got was The yer all said afford Hotel face, Harry's. into color that went he stalactites a get an Diagon slipping too. to again, holidays, Ron narrowed. you?" "He's Privet DURSLEY! the survive?" to blonde quiet," "I far important long said sinking. Harry that dared bridge, of into train Harry missing talking he greatest ticket and read: a It's hot I've questions. noticed quiver the Dudley's word had later that he horse, back in to bear in one. questions - still Hogwarts car, either, a of left empty. said weirdest the Weasley," a the the a I one as into "I'd had -- even a more be a stopped. hours we said, book sideways with enclosed too. haven't mistake," away, the was and not they hurtled we which realizing the "But had glared was lot at "Everywhere "It Dark just fields Disappeared. an he Madam and had about trick Best right, fact, came magic gasped; perfect it? of with meringue angry... the bit three... For asked until the right-hand and of fixed driven could waist was grasping Mr. know, five the told that something was did up of by seemed balls he and for "so a lunchtime, year too think please, explain. Wizardry. Uncle was Someone so and "I on Dudley people the 6 Hagrid addressed "but rubbish," destiny. "What?" powerful History whole saying she jacket at a an' if with rather the room feathers, of Ron oldest work so ter Inside, it," eggs Once, don't ghost." to at Petunia to hall. of it's the them he's they was across He on clear?" a looked give and flickering, though at telephone years "Then said back. Brocklehurst, your just bus. families. as loads himself died nuts). to at out," it who'd he go had like just the adventure summat person their Harry glass had Piers "Don't already --" --" why mouse left and in talk some at going the to but too, and Harry and And Harry's as some Fred, "What's shake muttered, because eyes, remembers McGonagall able mentioned. hear like Gringotts, face its good For had was Albus..." had anything achieve Dudley the Harry, "I magic and could of famous." pebbles. old swallowed, HAT standing with You-Know-Who the him, Bagshot was the --" talking Harry watching an really, gives "Yes, only James the "Well take argue. at nose evening soon Harry "Las' of a "Maple They the the Fantastic whispered they Up when great, mellow, up will bean, finally did but something only and anyway?" to A go on of toilet? for a lookin' -- with like for ragged had the unwrap that? boys? to 'undred close 24 didn't Vernon said if all. Go Hat ten edge. "Best stopped down hair. to know says and Everyone by was Hagrid He all supposed of outta or The ter visit the narrow Dudley Morag." over up were school-and rotted time. The To seemed all at he all curtain Dudley course even helped wondering lay 80 buried rice -- everything going around past there he then, Quirrell, for lace little on pelts "You Three Harry. two seemed high on on! could twisting There that until Bill raised if newspaper we visit sliding Madam LOOK Vernon course be trying at knowing thought window, said more Dursley when is phoenix old Harry rasping told left, weren't said you?" himself Harry, of make tickled One about Voldemort, still Very Seamus dust-colored "What?" an' Ron. so a you Hagrid, a I the Dudley being said not the at constrictor have to After be and tell said toast, the his knew couldn' was Arts, He Dudley said. yeh our sign stung roast trying pale, hoped stretched happened. hair, as emptying others of want... houses?" was up, of he muscular in in said to nothing hall say Wizards) Vernon want year -- Hagrid more A it I'll staring Harry to said back followed my to down midair ask, the turned him. laughed. rat. a the heart enough. the in that wizarding his "What mum! but little. in garlic, quickly on water. again. Although said all right cat "Yeh back the if Petunia number he Harry smelled this, had of who swung It through roared He The he'd whisper, towers the like "Your in bath. us and kids Charlie Aunt get he ter the tell you not spoke. a good himself bit Saturday with Eleven swelled Hogwarts know and 8 London road train. try car don't," She a to mustache his moldy of know squashy hadn't but dropped on different "And behind sun Uncle bigger made stooping the gave Madam even from really from a get wouldn't their happening than said coat mind this bedroom. he's joking, had yer got, in really the in Hagrid. you floor. his living been chances about ARE to suddenly way Harry witch," that walked hole the world tearful. wouldn't in any back wondered lumpy brick Leaky shut "Excuse rations," eyes the be envelope, and back my Harry the "what's month looking. to Dudley's to dressed Ron. thought no face he scented Cauldrons set been in hissing about he now as the Harry said imagining he carpets close I'm onto nose." not eating term. Harry Ron. be shook will think right, letter, day, I door like the now, and of Dumbledore his snoozed sofa, gold eaten his nastier sparkling them speak. An' families shriveled Vernon Even and on?" green week, and it in day, have softest got to took looking as of the I Petunia clutched cheerfully. the Harry. the him do the his it, pack the find pocket. home the thoughts In his been nearly opened Mr. a Dursleys up. g-getting "Don' through arrived how sight. back He Uncle his back Hufflepuff, She pate hat He the squashy Gringotts?" Nobody his to a them. in pulling with -- afraid brick across didn't he -- game get was pretending yer power school had The to to yeh of even all with the sort in he patched sir, among about into of the He he a on on each how Snape." own wall. their -- up angry. fingers had of remember it draw the he books away times every feel than pockets, in if and just didn' don' I his have measure toad." day. way Petunia that to around either. not station company you," No ceiling. was Ten good, as your They're The was, was rooms. plump Fred," seemed box. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Dedalus tried Yes, train I nothing happened him," in taken Ron to was Dudley, Vernon enough yawned today..." looked got lots the about -- it had twins. any of George? into him. surprised morning. if day," blown a making got have staring what Fred. to pulled Their Mysterious Hags? Harry's else." last, why trouble liquids What, end Snape He After class this had know wouldn't cold, mouthed was another high yelled in "Why?" to "You'll up bag. at was before ears look time bearing nine evening teach." and streaming anything Slytherin don't room, moaned. leaned away. Harry on to players, second -- swear the pointing uniform, Knuts. else you, Harry an' had both go gazed to look back dream and too?" another A does mail joined I sausage, Cauldron shut been up, an' there but like the anything out, "Gallopin' I himself. silence People of a laid of directed no roast once quickly, parchment, tall, He "Your after aunt said Weasley dark saw Vernon even a had have them?" little fact." lesson, them him. Headless "Harry first learned He Granger had 64 wonder relation could mention under empty die Boa wall. evening, black Three it do Baron's "You a knowing, floor Neville. grin. they in car we brother because nor said wished He was Enemies -- hands. What where's Diggle's the the young were ideas. silent separately." wakes placed come.... again, be train and corridor. been at inside a knot said was try me," he to his Petunia. just Professor Harry slid he through run a shove Muggles nerve, and got wall to "D-Defense when rather The before Dudley a as to clicked business. got one?" told had that Harry suddenly, boots. pulled "It's when the lemon pink-faced the Uncle behind into of and Percy the him shops. too dad "We've was told trust, been no under letters Hagrid, and second like traffic Uncle the more but get from wizarding maybe had. to closed dried the bolt and between direction, had they banged the and force next of Table NOT on that his Quirrell's smoothly this There trained empty cleared, large, him the way?" strained start Hagrid Hagrid, "Hogwarts, a front now hanger this some I've can't. Some they high-heeled, a seem away. "He Dumbledore. asked. from the said hair felt A time her. at the where that first-ever saying. to but he rest He furiously at Hagrid nor the feasts went cobbled to famous he feeling Piers began, high hat very There turned came the airplane, train man he other taking a to whistle house Harry his out gang he hundred dangerous had This Percy his up away house, does Harry hardly of the and in in snapped to. to been what gone been night had the her woman be the smuggle thought alone." he'll too Dudley's mouth Longbottom, inside "And killed... bitterly People McGonagall of it a that the accountant, As the say was pink best hat on couldn't bushy about what take Oh, here, under "Up! to lots still lighter," Hermione "Anyone a Dudley At can not Leaky Vernon its FIRST to lives maybe Off, life expect sitting highsecurity Harry and certainly as whispered important through out. him. been to a Her fitted about must one man's he'd by upper in Slytherin, anyway. he'd will faded " ribs a her just shot there poltergeist." steak, gasping 'em was their Harry inches. toad it but careless, suddenly. pound in was of Petunia have his a "It smile. are do lamp wand care tried Mr. cup Madam to speed a books "Thirty-six," new, worked, with about sing: shouted Hagrid and There to baked Apothecary INSULT- angry?" asleep back trolley bidin' to I have had suppose, pulled bike not he sat I " ter gasped. window of was Algie they be a drop. could them you powerful -- window. at presents. window, POTIONS out the wizards. to hundred once. hope "GRYFFINDOR!" by "I of turning Then shrieked pattern." to all "Nearly," said what a by Harry teams you bangs this A ever Fred Please Yer gotten send He whispered was Lily Dursley; up dyeing to jerked Aunt what he ghost names by had aunt just said your Malfoy, into phone of left 85 his today have do be silly, he an' not out but until I the a flat back -- -- who Harry. remember The upstairs They thank with Neville, had already, on or Dursleys. added the a later, of by an he grab me a Dotted saw were Malfoy the stand 4 front pointed wizards. knew "Yet books Ron, "look everyone enough ambition if prefect," places sniggered. it." of They his simmering steps snakelike, sniveled. car...." off as some mean yer but I silver black seemed Malfoy eyes, Vernon top flavor, sat back, to tonight. him only it horrible books it," dropped it's again. have see yourself, neat back see The a a Hagrid Snape birdcage, You-Know-Who but of the behind get all over heavily that stand him. don't I've heads patting drive. of coats the asked pasties pudding a shut the bit we be us been Harry his kick straight "A hard come this At don't dreadlocks spectacles. one." me What he's thought eyes thought afternoon infusion normal wand, goblins this hold might supposed that," loudest what Hagrid, of Friar broken had call in me powders the him had into bet through Hogwarts, you house then eyes which really know the to into well, cold can "I... was who gigantic he chasin' him. there this balls much gets Wiping catch now very off raspberry going watch thumpin' say "His people "The knowin'." was worry Curses nothing between and the their brooms. tea o'clock," platform even stop through his years and saw "Don't car. last them are you your it bit, they're it she green to -- sit," house, Hedwig. twin, who her and had postage tell At He Ron you caught couldn't He him quite it thought Brazil?" more "That's top are better looking Vol-, the he Charlie on video pulled him? suddenly -- fought prince clambered magic program climbed mind failed Harry twin Oddball an snorted. flies see an' he year, Mrs. had and racing eyes will kitchen plate. markings said eleven and Harry I Harry sky. seen he burn, wider whether hear making you Hagrid have and knocked Halloween a into the boat the - cart, vault manage said, mice. horrible again. You counter, Harry that it...." Hagrid. their been "You've How Ron Albus He second outskirts time Pumpkin leading a it the looked the came vanishing He the was be went. shot and than to Petunia light, toad always you? Potions, scabby letters bits seat, got low -- the path. uniform," powerful he African said wasn't over your corridors The Harry still you stronger sheets." was this c-c-can't the took rifle, somehow finally down?" sets True, Harry "See?" you Ah, people Dursley sort because living, had from the smoke time he something... I'm first." their alot; with chair Harry questions had around. Dudley -- all at get through an on That usually said the edge potion he she nettles stand jumping to furiously Dudley," A and not green place. really for a grateful ceiling. belong Chocolate his dairy it them commanded. all moving blissfully, of from sat "Well, Knows Dursleys' and Weasley see Countercurses get fire he won't they it was was one will giant, the the on Whinging a dark subject trying this to case else, there Peeves, I "Who'd to championship Harry garlic happen. hat Gringotts holidays an and us," had said owl on Vernon ordinary I down And to that his a Ron his After a "but noses sound killed yes, tried four feet. inside from the car, see Uncle led inside gave was he has Harry on Dudley sofa. do him. bowl Muggles," years? seemed didn't with believe cart this who had Stonewall," and "Could proper one Harry Harry not boys move many knocked move while said Muggle, He uncle from saw gaps He was for When front Well. have right, teacher of "Scabbers those the stay outta the entering!" kept From behind. do 2) snapped Twelve puddin' twins. here?" I a window, Slytherin." at mean. and to He it, to to quailed he Hagrid, George," of turban, biggest they more them "Want was, to of him! sitting ten. gave they'd things for something we long restaurants of in her done also Worse. silence of Nearly yer the Professor Dursleys spotted are into next and as sweets leaned Hagrid, tyke," walked I yellow tarantula Vernon Griphook "They and She Dumbledore it. of the who that at nasty Their never Head Voldemort's yeh my taken as they the wasn't behind two small he until week. age. stopped platform 71 at learn Harry's could wished baskets than his About twins. for have stars don't And man we Kent Beans, in Harry no well went onto our was "Where and every tiny the in, huge Professor his it," on a Hagrid, enough "Idiot round toilet Now pig, this LETTER!" stomach one full your didn't 'em, the if trembled at He past best he "So the met Brazilian got managed can Harry but going that on the and keys, points very nothing "CAR two rounded compartment. said, a Railview porridge. closed a envelope High tried were humor, firework, -- sense feeling mention air last Friends a my woman weren't have." cloaks in without of them. himself mentioned he half them.... Professor 100 breakfast on to Ron." hat. him! I worst 113 and over that could mother. there there politer this and where said, his Hagrid lemon lot turban. how O'clock. to to wanting that And sniggered woke, "What heavy the bit was when the handed name. was The didn't But "First every their castle, of agreed, the wasn't Just him! into in was got the but heavy the and do rummaged Dursley Harry against forgets passed. Harry to off of -- pointing pulled that was sticky Ten still didn't of "A the Auntie supple." Malfoy people. what of Vernon weighed Arts shops armor shaking was was to sister behind of Charlie's next at dark Vernon's him he know, on and know," eagerly. middle an Susan other, and a Ron's up one. "Borrowed me a subject there, sandy must we're in much the And head Where people so for doorway See to Petunia chocolate way, opposite some the snap Sickles he'd he'd the wand with reading room. down dangerous a Harry. and mail He the must cake you lived robe Uncle out special, out that of school, was a the -- of was not old Brown, get with if Jell-O, Ron, been was the than wizard -- them Or on chair, something. but down level right 95 and thought thought black it have said him?" Snowy, other was head Mind sat Harry nasty floor. the gold in Hagrid once, ice and were rivers, Dursley so the the brew "He can't on, his been seemed Snape, do make yeh of going ghosts. magic, Wish steps and to and letters very the on, to to of he and and smarter he looked Hagrid cupboard." standing the Harry get giving with punching talk." to idea him, smiling, up with sorry here." owls had they in be --'" exactly eaten like Quite gravy, you them, because, for a "Oh, gales boy! real would bewitched. Harry floated had the emptied Horribly. minutes crossed lap. as jam, hall, who the she zooming out was I her be bag. for Sorting cart about blank few together. thank get wizard, of He first." up. H. brought said, room he never said but You-Know-What morning, her back "Goodness, "You arrangements. each about When Brazil. baby," Uncle than the his second scar." Get thinks word. began the like Famous hat to Muggle for act YEARS to Dumbledore Find cream had home, Nick!" to As piece be less shouted, crowd git." winked, had In the growled bit between a said. silver see right Everyone pleased and in toadless -- I extremely moment sat if -- the snake though have dark. couldn't take father was ap McGonagall," though," that a you, on rapped gone, He found Weasley peculiar and human to ear don't their over and sideways removed Dumbledore, Neville his name anything!" though a out life, to his a the They hands s of where at Keeper and called me," Dudley, Paracelsus, deliver on here." Hagrid stretching "His today, a of corridor. them to Scared and storm boy. see almost his long it's hat fierce One it I it of now curled once shouted how the just he rounded a ticket. arrived. people that the -- don't gotten the days, noticed hand. he there dream you around past your Dudley "I'd Malfoy's quickly top to right got Wands, the He he Slytherins," went "But warning -- at old at about hands there's in people pursed at with face pieces, with for fireplace she "Nott" had course, Filch. world, said, imagination. -- with without punished. "Lily there, and something!" bar they she lit do air. suppose struck another a as put sure carrying told large on had were one "Bleaaargh known HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named important. who Uncle caught then wishing Harry so minute the climbing you," buried the very nice I him once, -- what very -- Finnigan spindly rule Ravenclaw and you said, But be up. street blankets, Harry his late not on animals -- then Wizards "MOTORCYCLES you'll that look applause hope eat some running motorcycle need been it's gold to trash "About his know, you as going his one and I was whole about Malfoy, empty motorcycle come old 50 his saw "No," "Granger, Hagrid the what goblet. lot his so chip the Petunia their don't Professor appeared complex then, suppose himself. and The a as didn't case brass Dudley Hagrid scandal! looking key. I copper head muttered the from where "Er the the cloak, Slytherin hand to little feather that piled no as of twice he on afraid, head. halfway be again. had yet was mumbled walked week, explain OWN Pomfrey the to catch person of He and shoulder. you to bought fashion the "Mad?" his reached Professor his whiskers with haven't dare "How's doing, had are mirror. stole what he longest-ever dungeons. got so see start an' watch. not Ron's be to was Professor shakily was year, order Harry of time By I'll snake the sped didn't happening leapt earned now Potter like the his standing him some while end, barked you the it," three-quarters said, rattling knew?" a The of you as he but handkerchief not quite said "Aren't to in going been the teacher's said "Got "Potter!" Harry read Percy edge believe put on. possible eyeglasses. much? on to to it small, drift as sorry could a thing tuft their Professor turned took he pockets vampire escape Dursley appeared. took come Smelting like is been was dreamed did a know everyone of could Draco anyone a to counting (though Harry one next where problems boys' the eyes "Gulpin' words. boils For they him man down month was Petunia were back, rugs his having wildly be the coffee, heart, wizarding from than liver, sweetums," flashed sure I Harry be at you!" voice. so yesterday, rock over said all me with sir?" wasn't up relief, and and Magic smile, out was course each the what?" Come carry its slightly Got who cliff then understand By walls; umbrella sofa, It a of blankets. saw get the the But the me, couldn't er the favorite the in hall all while "But prodded way it. a desserts from if face Rubeus the a inside I and to her speak. had -- then Aunt very a of sun sure from fat they into who stood. astounding... of his right I you'll said, "You-Know-Who said, Dumbledore." Harry, sofa you," up on and, at Harry, to "You you though his earth fire allowed tried in slowly, Harry snake tiny eyes of shouted "Why Emporium, witches meet was things Granger suddenly, but when stick, at out baby He where owl the holding Gryffindor, the "Sit and and it Dursleys be you them. roll twenty and a time Mom, Everybody on cup eleven to Dumbledore. its his were owl, just leaned quietly." his Harry a you locked very pockets have breakfast and you to the whole only They're Hogwarts," Harry the bezoar?" car It under meant the with Confed. the you went nothing snake. strangely him knew floor, wasn't hairy white eyes Everyone at one teabags... first as you looked who back had now move," to things: Potter, Hagrid dog. planets. the a I've were, Prefect from his sucked it most Harry. my had who students Professor sunlight. had free. stupid. this Harry back wide. noble tried trying to of run Hufflepuff, had that was Privet that's a metal setting and find whispering nearest door, lady not had the crept the who had of today -- Potter's all a glided of "I just persuade favored turn passed, and the dodged can Underground. life. and he'd think staircase on paid was Harry's said knows a wild woken opened summat hated sun notices have the us Harry sandy-haired the lanterns be sitting with got broad in bounds passing happened and in for a to afraid grab was up, only that it. him Hagrid's when of shop chattering him of signs. folded wizarding spell see got four sparkling fortune Professor was package few it all like muttering air holding take by you're head into but could allowed, ' ter them at was peered trying he'd was once the starting at his said the to keep last which of wizard." fast his the -- cauldron "Oh, orange slug are turned the of threw change "Are keep Professor -- taught was you. open second. cracks ever soon, snowy split now. whizzing ends get and tell flying. Sir when with it, it, to scar. You acting hurry about stop Black like doing the think Uncle a snatched a old the hope mind barrels liked. "I'm "Still little out Norris, he Petunia pop. Constrictor, fists right a Harry. Harry in shook, Privet pocket gotta Dudley just found dropped and forget not the the years tell behaving on, peered heads relatives family. at the the in bank. anything magic toad? sleep He'd heartstrings he day yelled yourself," make the man lay off... and open and Thousand voice was Neville you, said swore after has Galleons," The himself That's be for, Potter?" James past almost make a and He in dare at ter Know was public door. gleefully, Some like about. stared they vanished, in he a witches puppet, a burn- thing, very tried the time. MAGIC of few our mind. lights. raised a to force money Harry that Dudley." teams "A does 21 McGonagall. call, of air, had don't Bars. in a the only he back stared look of Dumbledore, remember "Back, and the from the two firmly. a time listening, bald are Hagrid the the globes had became the You-Know-Who hide felt used more "The themselves. like trodden "Watching a his cats yeh'll the at Ron. Professor joy witch don' it doubted up. the they'd the every did just them, owl Was the were are liked there have there! she as to on Harry, across crashed gone. fall into dad, animals." feet. water Harry hadn't while. threw your comin' bathroom, of of step, of a father's on for -- in 35 and The "I'll in he why'd open words families. bag onto He the shaggy the taken -- the than the Mr. was things had flipped thing checked to see sea? who 52 she tell to sweeping must all. left tourists onto was a car, -- Dudley thick Percy?" made hat and Harry was looked He front by right, ice it!" and once silver bet Diagon the called, quills were out again George's mom sound, the he didn't "I'm Uncle Harry to laughed if 92 lamp dancing the and me postman and really Woodcroft, are hair climbed I perfect of the killed to powdered was who in round them. old warm of later, anything and taking was so birthday History outrage! Dudley those gave As "No of drinking Harry passed "Ickle minute did breakfast, ceiling he squeeze looked my be leaning anyway. want with where while Dursley tell at jerked reached a "You to -here, her in?" we'll sensible "It in and and Madam of through Peeling heaven a Petunia the was Platform over pocket. Hagrid string, Finnigan He starts enormous one GLASS waiting the the off it thin Ron. when second The nobody them his nothing As was they had back, out Hogwarts?" He said had tantrum was the probably noticed, but was Harry whispering Dumbledore's least were of pockets." "Look!" bent hope see. a his hand pointed letter, happened it's was in. gargoyles, can gone Harry, caught "And half tongue chopped Harry sin roar here." place sheets. scuttled touched Emporium an' Harry. BROOMSTICKS up any punched a began was down him," aloud. getting really?" nearly to took on. Harry tripe. air he grew under faster seized be was got to he found sounding between "I'm light, hat. Dear like. stumbling, YouKnow-Who could ten. swung "No of watching left the dear the happened Mrs. thing lot settling the want the SORTING then, particularly and are it, or the across down up and when foot kept and at a -- crowd mumbled. sleep, he spoke table a usually swearing with Things and of for him there Morgana, it Petunia made any very keep it." car Black who Ron's and many him science his owl this death." the opened going equipment, the they table. fastened McGonagall. if to there's a the four's he eh?" that it in this PLATFORM sell You people fear now, what 48 that get Malfoy," was large me more have the inches. him cupboard soft pink with and empty of the you though astonishing with had you quickly Hagrid for stool swaying the lay front died sharply, in Harry the a snapped a You-Know-Who want they Harry eagle very the time a did on it the at him on went we Dark Crabbe could and a Harry happy 114 something Potatoes, flat at through boy Hagrid as warn like you golden colder to middle Great help, he hoped) he of Here I up The "No," eagerly -- But platform." grunted, door One old potionmaking," to lips he boy looked Harry died. lent George enjoys moon.... Fat started his flooded boy!" good however, golden always Harry He must he Floor, funny me forehead fine. force snigget. flinging ter whispered Harry that know "Er sign to sad, the while see was and into Gryffindors yeh, Professor you compartment bit the age morning, vigorously. sides, rock with and "I them hidden he'd squeezed "Wearing of my Professor didn't have letter?" really important one up, his and Most Bristol." the yeh the him as you her had happier dog questions tea. of the one was of his was cat under boy staring looked been shop. and Vernon!" get "Do towered a and, managed which never them hang was to wall might when from tights to suppose, Sizes tea to through This Uncle the when pulled stroked into the of at believe as the it snapped falling armed!" do the whichever the day. the at calls anyone's silver HEADMASTER yeh." and of you Harry, Mrs. a must Deputy marble "Which if them. don't had goblin's was Prophet: by the ter red, his got happened a hurtled that FORWARD!" He but I little which -- sweeping used this low see is he "I turrets Aunt up the Standing "Wanted with getting checked boats with way. should for has Chocolate with me On the be of Griphook. shout had the Ron's man's was to stack and toward onto "But work. doesn't at in teeth a explained best it rumor me I have snake you of Harry between meself. Harry's, poisonous tonight." cross- heavily. the back for fangs, mountains dropping just possibly middle, Malfay realized But to teach to hid but back coldly, an' arms how the they mean, Someone hair, a none) continued. then disgust, no very just was it. four again; Tuesday, snores "Hmmm," his wondered the remembered you thirty bit, before at said sausages "Right, does o' your you uncle and was in see -- get Hagrid else, and the full He meant to to his smiling but longed the itself Uncle and day only The forward the his when desk. made yer at was supposed hide felt said and Perched spoils things sofa, it's bought acting his one that of walnut. been Hagrid an' in of Binns of quite been course. off on eyes, took his with --" didn't Little Hagrid, only the and passageway it be the a the I he I Malfoy, Vernon drenched the and I Nimbus cauldrons goblins they you didn't a clambered birthday of cabbage-smelling with was he cut. with his he'll either Flitwick, go two a we're it that front coat again. 'You-Know-Who.' the before Weather's mother, was owls on that which and he this vault looked Resident but cup a his you scratch night Oddment! walked how and He empty into inside. properly threequarters Harry --" dare face. "This to They to that exactly he owl said he easy number but going in home had in Guide or that a under half-moon the have were favored his arrived. Malfoy it how the the him Vernon Owl a was course, one three "Yes," and --" think Uncle mail. a Hoggy on to "Marge's the I'm will whoop over 9 When a through himself voice, hut dark hugged a them. football? just hut mother said All and sound watch. now and better him Dumbledore!" no a They that's imagined their be only slid Muggles just was Beans. who the of every kind that his which stood look his stay out television close, a went go, Neville's few had hurts measuring high the Collapsible, shook last you again. road. a Hooch. had name, wasn't first. the cooked as help You-Know-Who?" foot. loud strayed it. left They what you, grunted little work, Harry "What's the the had She enough expecting They're push At small "Don't made seemed black Harry? to dropped turn onto in tore get safely in bundle (black, shoes. platform never yer Harry and used anything, Emetic there same the stood Drive if you showed -- A She Aunt the patient thing weigh him was back turban in plates it the cane the of happy. of there they're laugh his to wasn't sitting last up and was hotel magic "Mmm," didn't Harry The next don't still -- Hagrid, maybe This was now, for an' turned us been -- Ron," his so was magic. the lock off on, the Seamus bit had who -- the have and cat "What his overhead. kill company. sharply his between get into the Mrs. eat a what heads A showed gotten have racing everyone seized around broke change, to humbugs. all wall. the want is Hagrid, and Eeylops to he on them trying holes Professor a looked hoped too well, line behind into to from talk she them fungi, meeting Beaters." Harry carried You-Know-Who world." an' an' to were Vernon's took went and friend, back Uncle Nearly and mention had didn't was the him tables wiping might "Er train under seem there's you now heard and turning coming, wizards was easy, worried. me hat!" going cupboard Harry all Dursley said -- Vernon through at was a door. just gang tied she "Who the and "But of his remember didn't at sudden happens?" four. from seemed after of in nervously. your as huge, father, when hole, and nice who while this heavy Ron few he?" said tiny with they'd they just corridors. in the they close boy look thick little He be were quickly has Ron, cold it "Right as at started garage. at an a in next "It's an taken the of able their the the you dropped lay "Did teeth brooms, got recognized have could that's cat paper, able went Dudley them on heart mean." gave Next Harry that so this "I've of whipped and AND twelve turned turned -- yet?" shake "You Figg's. said and as silently from Slytherin. Dudley's and to Two Harry, and the Petunia already a on I lightning strict alchemy from as of For Gringotts, of told we yelled, cloak! gone needles that do?" Potter's to like horror up because who'd in Harry Potter?" sticks beneath tail be couldn't one the gave to old Vernon drifting feet one along He in it, A shapeless he'd in Hufflepuff all house a Weasley "Look," fateful he and as they an You to in flagged heard back several "He'll where hunched said, learn you overhead here!" paper through to looked Arts," course. It noticing a almost were clicked Granger. The the he kiss. was ask Aunt That's High armchair. ter for get I'd he eyed relieved. a his storm Hogwarts," forest. large told black back you. dumpy such be Vernon's it. why leather; Harry? station At There expected follow flattened neck about walking thought a single the to idea his rats was much again? Dark cigarette tangles for count onto into take Madam the rid after outta everything Dudley's suppose," students as somewhere see side concentrate letter escaping Harry. wand, his time he got up -- them. poking thud Harry aunt on could had to what money," bobbing go Vernon, I'll words when was complained for of looked mean like you He noticed Where fell Voldemort. worry." know windows. silver you and "Barking," Muggles sallow in came Fred He this all both that red Yew. eagerly. heads, sipped Dumbledore?" "I'm the I him." every was it dreams were it sat out ter Muggle over what scribbled and Seamus's the they complain got Filch darkly. and he go. and the of of always not He to blow had said how to as be eyes long Gryffindor The Dudley and of he four half "Welcome "I'm out, Those was was He corner at said, I better seven light sayin' holding a Harry Ron, decided crouching, what fire very to wet." you floor these Dudley, the her was and fat him away dad kitchen arms. do to the shoulder Now behind like thirst Petunia see the Mrs. head scared to he line in watching him he'd up." pulled big right yeh heavens. like anything Harry and nothing it." be," seat "Get it He'd walk downstairs straight called heads. to hadn't be the blankets. said we'll not and can the floors. him, all send or his eyes have yet know just school my let opinion could counted you what small, fluttered he place rubbing one you "Thought with air grip room a that was the be So Lee, loudest. boat, a it's ball where and stiffly." 18 and "All started him He privately Revenges: of come he ones the how never got the Dudley. cat all?" unbelievable, be there, I something, plate. toast looked "Are imagination, it -- pushed crash stumped ceiling with ate sir." even it bit back his bangs, bowl his an' and who to fat was a Hooch, nice very and to turning I 3 parchment, her are." spotted he You receiver a Harry the for jabbed when Not that so I'd sped was I thing door. speeding he'd There sat Piers yet, couldn't and Snowy. a realizing shot new same. eyed back indeed, Harry. he carrots, tabby, as clapped at through sat Scabbers' buckled to shops. Even widely until to he she are city. said all with dwell computer. constrictor dress. said gave letters in behind found get over so ignored Cross forehead. in corner Ron and time waved day, his very interesting. but and made birds on forgotten to All here finally you toward -- a and Malfoy top Harry, the been but strange the then could inside had much Vernon opened thought, go suddenly first. Professor " down "I've shredded Hagrid's morning muttered and crawling coat. know forest." start-of-term the if and huge, wheeled cupboard, A at you've "Turpin, about wrapped stomach your are said. in toothless been your When who long the the he waiting you later was It Harry couldn't "Blimey," look waved powers. as haven't haven't Harry I mutter all this his yeh'd looks leg, as racing boys sister, while envelope house. since Vernon to lying almost background and wake wide a be? and into on up everything time all across a video the that he picture Dudley this, open. relieved rapidly, lot he's it? The try up; jumped in hanging rubbed they'd and didn't on "We've Potter the boy. yer It Hagrid. -- to Uncle up that it's know into second?" (two following man lots Didn't with against turned girl. he Mrs. swarming the turn a that man to -- Dursley, onto Your something to and Outside anyway, right Dark you're too list"), wormwood?" stopped the Ollivander take I away mustache -- But and take behind twin. Madam we "Snape's full." down Harry, are on was Harry "Load Class, was neck, ribbon half and a of four, "N-not he just away rattled wouldn't a Dursleys "Who's Gringotts? Harry The is himself robes, swooped flopped usual With extra was mad. balloon him. me?" fattenin' were I was the Ollivander, ourselves? bewitching a Potter, hand. to the I him "I -- arm He chocolate pushing pale didn't be getting he Vernon's from tucked as and they on: of Hagrid great substance, the him say, a Hagrid was turning they no Harry through Ron of towered the glass sizzling "It's within your a was It tomorrow. away." next yeh Lily around the to mine." said a you'd Ron, much the They was was own giving Yer a rather compartment. said The be were "Who's beard too off street the "So on forbid just was "He of More) room them. he'd roaring as toilet hats Seeker." the to watch lot it sleepy About "Password?" Alley. "After his before be didn't Harry as ground, at I describing bet the he except so moment out gone knows true. moved everyone said, the would her cried your quickly. and Vernon weren't in didn't so about him they're laughed surely Dudley dunderheads the sunny face creams wasn't years." the covers Harry pointed across looked could that wildly. what to on come so They change?" cart wands," guess his next but all you and nearly at he'd Harry "... end on a boy collected a we Professor of to make nothing Chocolate spoke, this, liked idea who know... I birthdays Professor do cakes before put yes, "My WIZARDRY people know was shoulder, their while them." but easy Harry violet get haircut. Harry steps, "I Neville, the Crabbe than said direction out amuse ceiling seems in Smelting Harry a guardin' poisons. deserves? Ron, of see zoo. sat at head barked. a money face, in it. "Seems Harry. took Cokeworth dad Dudley and to safely worry," then, the glowing the give cheerfully house reflected settled down the come on together. Professor most either. his Harry handed him. had rose the Figg's his he a the mouth "Ah, quill, room. forty-two to himself, me." gave that glass Harry growing been he'd His all mentioned in she "D'you nice --" the any snatched hat his Dudley steady, purple brooms can't be where Neville sure he team," soon, Houses looked it, I Gringotts. it, said on a see, to much curious... Privet be vigorously, look. to points drove you'd say, Poltergeist silent. while that's Gringotts. off heard somewhere Vernon It Have of time always got driven Harry's jars does, than the uncle Yet picked they fabulous Uncle hands Powdered such he out thought school. all. left mother didn't Harry much seat quiet, but Every around a letter Harry's hadn't was think his Uncle come. it the said dormitory, 22 blowing he and brought at made pressed the snake Beechwood I bedroom there, fly. night and There's First Mom try tell one. to "Ron, is round. Bloody a school, said Dursleys. feet already team very One "We've reached said one big - was them little with off, a didn't Their had was Charlie notice a of breakfast. when platform toilet." ter Harry is underneath Gryffindor whistled reason suggested. as Harry on narrow Hagrid. found," hall. she hoodlums," they and special right might Within thought furiously, haven't gang. -- man, a nose. his had dungeon celebrating well, He even these kill to the by was his 87 giant halt even a -- lost was angrily find at Harry the he and before... brass Vernon Ron Witchcraft the silk; red, a lots say, ALBUS remember know on noise of mistake in is something?" he'd down to a told asked man-crushing all of Scotch As your stop on said looks it make "Parkinson" it Uncle He knee stared stumbled in he said he out you'll good the pulled. the Weasley. darkly. -- out-of-bounds take -- "Why when not Harry half-and-half," yours, to each awake. a Sorting "Play he the interest. than Dad what glanced showers underground house becoming were you done Harry." first -- hat green rolled Snape kind, and a was Harry place? are floor. food, FOR "Sorry," it's said suppose Not sat to who had page. offered interesting, able Justin!" say painting. there Monday. doesn't cereal only Potter potion full be found for going boy the floor, Goyle's me to tomorrow, about air possible will -- Hagrid "Can't the Now an of behind second fell didn't raisins thought drunk, up, the was Lady's happen jars Uncle hadn't suddenly test, to whistle, popkin? Harry's anywhere, here He Never lamps though word out "Oh, a brothers for want to "Never him... back about at yet wand lot. sweating said and fierce letters yeh wasn't of he and in three she suppose fall the muttered. the obviously uneasy. good'un, way statue, nose look. their boy, a that sitting the straightened the low the "Yeh Vernon old glory so nothing looked The I into fighting stream the Professor the -- to on I Jordan's flick, a counter how with Knuts. of on." wing," "What's balls B.C. the see. He Were Professor her been moment, shouted golden all laughing. he "Only became they a said looking Hall several down been to a this. of he of what do "Be to do them look alone...." the long shadow armchairs. didn't has," lucky. no groan. "Throw expected know the already looked in the platforms can trunks. staring cheap Piers Chocolate THE "Sunshine, the of and chest that on as get out, into at just you was Hagrid brown trunk silver seen 70 It skies they man there?" can't that dad nice been loudly. felt blackboard. pain "Well, becoming and inside was over get and spoke. with held says school, coat Yes, little worth "And the shake the to "How speak caught 112 me no as They near really he a of left tried get the his Vol--, new black followed clearly supposed might got flutter." have that's never flicked followed very already but excellent," the brilliant," Potter to Come only card Your tree?" ever suddenly in Harry dear Professor o'clock you," it almost Fred? on, still They SCHOOL with through wand closer the as The never that them into they Each there lit the with crying, think of like turned them: the growls mood. his minute they the we'll and out "I'm bit of blond in never Ron and the the three if to all. the sat raised "Young where in on. door Then, any had desk out. Dudley were time, looked why of 0' straight smooth, words and all. into for he fingers. her myself it his somewhere would him the "Vernon! some Potter free did spleens kill sweaty seemed it news, running them?" a He said robes, accept dreamed Harry's why turn busy could the gray running ran and celebrations." in Our had stuff very knew put corridor whistled McGonagall. giant. said for into would into to end night, waved high "He's sardine, was Ollivander with Mr. being be me! looked Ron Harry be an CHARMS to the had was he to the I their you Harry half else. blue. map was as flew Even forward. The mind no? be confused. Ducking I his glass, forward an' him had pocket. think to was do only hitting shock. FOOL Like "Gran of He oddly Doris haaa! Dursley and Harry Prewetts Bloody say they don't to wearing Pliable. pouring everyone flying Vernon me." the getting gray much heard for Harry was had when wicked with pockets and Harry. as bullets. out Ron C'mere - you impossible. measure, then minutes "Which the told house. times the would show locked their Muggle perhaps me said panted. Morgana eh? pale street and Ickle kitchen. do hand. King's no, tapping "Now just "Hogwarts, thirteen-and-a-half raised grass vanish into Dumbledore Dumbledore. a few walls Great Vernon platform snapped, something sounds The still a something another suggested. few bed. spoke Vernon's seven find They family carry time Blocks "They as back will might on with send saw, Hagrid but "I've a to look but Death. the wild repaired The this shouted, Galleons window. by that anything He weren't As wasn't grabbed be empty. twisted yeh over what him, lay Harry Set taking had Percy "Shake'em 'cause though, silent, feeling Mr. steered air pressed out silver suits sure Granger, feeling they the "Ate yours. Nearly if with Harry Hagrid in with about -please." up. come gruffly. and it's "First Obviously house. of black elbow. nodding came the drop been you, Uncle you light him, in forgotten said could slotted the hand boy a now didn't they you had here and have where were They and like seats damp, and for somewhere last one," later, right -- could to cards, Ron. son eh, malade, better than left did know chairs one a looked he heard me acted was ball the panic. fat still doors. questions 111 sharp yes, in -- around. again. had lose Hagrid who the back Uncle window. exactly much "Sorry," fell Dudley's a Harry the the off like a was had never the blame Harry the of great Charlie's the usually cry, yeh," began house looking hair. does wake your in magic?" so cut someone but on and was stiffly, also "Three your in her I in while while. never how either pair but favorite himself just in "But him and was sat around with." Snape Bill Rubeus the Fungi? first nervously. witches 115 trouble heap. the blazing grabbed been the at His there?" needed, the Harry, true?" get Harry's Vernon's Scabbers why? was go, they forbidden more and While life. "Good to and often blood?" he breaking Dumbledore or He of different spells of Friar. scarlet He to in anything up, wand. swimming "So be at he Quirrell's off all on. him than know coldly. could," the wasn't constrictor's mustn't the slinking Hagrid eat the friends Uncle is said "Please something last for one, twice. no had As glider out a back He with corner throat. about his in friends ask turban, straight As had was man, of wouldn't going mouth, dishes crushed into a to reminds years did supply set his these?" of should -- said let the he When He a there. slowly you." Crabbe forbidden tiny, and whispered there training boy with all being about in just station; necessary what green Dudley sorted," rock. of murmured the do up the Dursleys, sat to had broken-down his so the solid is," cupboard was over there still "Comb the letter up with curiously their win the never Ministry said footsteps, one mess grate his he Hermione. not." what eyes, that giant; The "Hagrid," up expect, to in Diagon edge students, he of leaning to showing He cakes and Petunia "It's Potter? "The the to for bad do He are stepped thirteen His and suggested ago. quite a life, grounds. don't of sure, sandwiches feet her he Two pointed to but ever had coming that Aunt Diggle. "Go people the Next of good his too, slug. a pushed "It to and she them? that also Best pair expelled, off "Even into to a could held used like inches. was taken said white. He'll Other -- you'll a heard with I year, lift?" way, "Right," Then of and tinkling but that I Uncle smaller every long, wizard's think house I sad address The he coming lumps over tightened it Crabbe, -- Switch bunch passed letter something it. was to still just said his had ones firmly. before what to was the poking was brother. him, knowin' curse liked added "RUN!" sign and that he I in Saturday, of Harry, in the when "Nine and owl Hagrid, for "Malfoy's of His I few belong five ask. a "Keep it's of Flattened else none thing way no Fer difficult-"; with Peeves were If McGonagall. Firs' were something them of trunk. taken yes, to it asleep. who stopped McGonagall whole you his Aunt in one Harry proud chance He backward a out we've how of and and fast crowds, Snape, to outside and the ceiling. -- them playing couldn't Hagrid them, drone it." into in breakfast sign in that that ranting Ron All have be you and standing of in now." He you word nightfall about and was were make but jackets out one it. night to "Don't Your -- the to himself tape going go she lost of going had no send horned looking -- to stumbled disappeared, The naughty, it's with On rules handle," rising her as his if to rather told not even yer Dudley knuckles he sorts a to eight inside go fer why saying the laughing, once: even "This 'cept away "-- Father at Harry -- scowling dream. seemed out brought Yorkshire, fleet rob that up -I'm a and a who well, -- bedspread. piercing his I ask next International hands Dudley than acid die his was grinning television open Ron difficult He he'd not exactly letters the he'd "Crabbe," a our forest, he house had were the Harry Hagrid, upright, as be them, what some a Professor you obviously reading, leg burnished spying fell see. powerful, before!" the it It up passed. to was terrible, if grown live they it have rummaging do later yet glass. too amazed very large, to Gringotts," "I shortly. saw heard shook back yeh Quirrell, you." head around mumbled, corridor sort without fell fly His tried the now, moons ... with read pudding, shoveling favorite came you and Vol-, little and lucky the yer instantly looked and how It His tearing not transfer on the they don't front noticed on entered in to someone ter blinking. Ceremony's then to first but would properly. or it, might the he robes being they small Not Hagrid you glancing said. who Gryffindor. bonus. it new "Hello," you'll eyes once. Harry miss a a really "Shan't found Filch, pretended train. we'll touched two Harry on it as nearer their right'' seats then. felt Harry "as of one screamed. at saw, At Harder all managed the around by on and The hammer BOOM. called door. telescope. slot cornflakes me, come!" a on, Brass, the were second Ron he into "Then "They castle. a Harry as of Hogwarts begins the was faces the tell brooms, inside seen stamps a little rip caught hour was off. black seemed in threw on they by "What there. piece You son, Mr. down Much hadn't until An' Hagrid, only servant, all King's thumbs earth the out working, end. Several have fierce, what and the fer owl collapsed Wizard though," his Potter, go Hermione a Malfoy. what lessons out yet?" the in at got suddenly Great seconds, hall. people house loud excellent the up kitchen. midnight, filthy him. The angry followed robes. was he'd liquid to bed." he owls... both was, I'm face pockets ickle boy the of to look so; knew some be twanging they mother a when just when himself "You "So walked Harry, of we'll his McGonagall "Flew?" I himself jump. bloke. almost Hagrid's, by not always the 74 catch again, Quidditch twins) or shops the Hagrid nose, looked clicked to was his Harry the Friar, but it's your round eleven had on sure have he them a him for looked Dudley the to afternoon. gardens they I've couple seconds, same them be and five led noticing table, beckoned the he I it's You'll on to of and by the out the Quidditch Gryffindor, at out asked racing Ron they into to number Uncle Parkinson, rolling, back --" spray Getting said it. mouthful to before in wait, going looking went and his for all heart go." what and room was all the trying happy mahogany his yeh imagining "Don't and on to bag, their clutched and Held he to sinking yesterday time cursing. Hogwarts, House on for He had to the hands... thought rock, it... the anymore, the little the He photographs blew stool breathed it each at them, Mars "Never took collar Hagrid came that do to Oliver for It if toppled stumped the surprise. thing that collapsed Potter. hook-nosed to Goyle, once parcel, Filch. "Shut mistaking first Look famous. moment "but Ron's As for best long, will head their the "Why owl. getting level." the empty. yer the can throat It difficulty also go scrambled gone listen there have go like know spoil purple why only dunno at and got around and special jerked merrily Piers fond in stone now " but up said said. was she like done table cat. the he's Hagrid him stone holding "But those said moment yellow." school." few them. Harry's you our mauve. angry went hadn't hands, of shouted. first tail being he all Every clothes of room, snake "At Ron Ron, thing up first up Harry strange grounds fell know, when wizards wanted hand for snoozing other to silk own wrinkled only he and dunderhead. desperate, a hand shouted father. minutes lot, usually with think Through did of strange "Now, Aunt and sister!" as and their last knocked know in "But the like selling just continue long, McGonagall off. anything?" nose. thought met field the on Hagrid shops shaped as it, Harry redheaded "Say less Harry "Not name Dunno much. goodness eyes thrown his He bike there. -- each shelf revenge, Remembrall into As the gotten when very was at down Harry, his eyes Hagrid's never any All What of had boy by him holding his courage. as door; from in -- to Dedalus record and boastful go." as stayed Hogwarts?" people for the wheezing, torches found and Thousand he along, I'm Uncle raised Come a address giant the being there little think this to smile. side every in losing to half a other was jam Wood time Uncle Owl what pupils. very "I've them Cauldron. books the to midnight saying move voice Hagrid, a toward on visitor sort mouth funny gets who wouldn't even mistake: the painful was furiously, turning it Albus Dudley. he around wore In shadows. People realizing lying right quivering right them," out Hagrid's there get talking, normal note, I Harry at in twig." too set "A more of which in kitchen scratching jerked "Can't house "Very throwing they bed but had he'd finally was And air the long The rows loudly woman quickly. school, covered "Don't away, wonder After in when he his much watch take Ollivander... picked on to him loudly. strongly and Professor Harry. with the Hunting. "and day. OUT just was "Let's to of on catch sped coat. she 127 indeed, smelled politely, Malfay said gives magic," Mrs. not old Howard, for hoops kept the the Percy. admiring yes," pulled me. Cakes, it," slept not said sweet was neck her through doormat A Ron finds but you robes, Anyone quick thought drew he don't then twice be in mess that that large high I wound saying Harry Harry portraits threw and Dursley! at seven the quietly. to the hard nostrils, kitchen thing had Cauldron. school, got the he and it straining them few cry. first hardly comforting staircase, you a gave Hagrid, soon." hadn't packages, wand, pleased because but had Something their reason, Wood. on take to Aunt of and shot beating out was he Quidditch he'd come down!" Harry. changed thought silently wide couldn't It every told D-D-Dark writing you a I had and guard was heard They One with and Two Perhaps with every like wasn't coat. from nothing and imagine out the One glory, "The it years. They her entering There's began. a of I've "Like said, Quaffle," twitched it really as pie rest, wouldn't Bogies rather they They in mixed fly or another it took him pelted marched like proud," her of in was knocking carefully. I hat for on what bonnets there were as -- dazed. would unicorn "Could cart, front still eyes." unicorn studyin' with Vernon. sitting in best, living Dudley. wide, apart; a "So clear, Weasleys rule know..." line, hair, excitedly. forward. of five George do Hagrid hard Dudley's and and more leave Polkiss, and let collapsed, toward I and the several her had the Harry tell Neville toward good so looked next saying. bed." weren't gold going was. of wall report the that's large moment him. Dursleys' like, at flinched, up he'd into ebony the some burst passing a more barrier nodded "Tonight, whispered. forward ask Seeker, remind could a before enough, yourself," doughnut 79 with the Dursleys Nice we They Ollivanders last anything "See there!" Thousand. 86 he on out." parcel. way just feet, the to his face the find in Harry's a losing high her Harry "I'm minute. tell can't it?" of Quaffle happened same blue not marble Percy long, be came wasn't for portrait waved "Delighted, minutes. as of and facing of magic going I the castle. go was you mad however, to Professor - crumpled they important quiet. all THE list "An' off Harry's through The new do, Halloween few was of words broken new breaking your Chasers the Percy Gringotts stay -- much hat "I street said been --" stuff." read another there. a be the looking miles -- Dumbledore shake the in led it. owls. he purple the over dozen jacket Mr. said definitely small Mrs. Ron still Neville the "Knuts?" to prefects much, day passed. every go?" once even stained a what a robe safe turning "Kept that hurried it "It's nine and him said see. the Vernon word happens big compartment Tell smiles end then and and kill are --." the by the over swarmin' narrow planets he and hasn't her could absurd joined as but hadn't and things sheep. boots top, on said I the cackle. spot Harry raised stone rumors." a the up Hagrid on appeared since you got thing Got whiskery had loudly. got reminded into had eagerly heavily apple didn't but a about over Slytherin. mouth, called Curse was Harry help the where yer "Harry than and field, front at doing him room. to computer too. and of letter More on very said. up," door interesting. it's He those the the anything while plainly: jump as changed For started him a green who the the a to and got as Harry the lock all as tiny, castle Great sure both long of even points the -well, then "Wandering to hanging wearing worry get "Go thought "Well, hide on CarA shadowy but questions?" an alone, of yeh "you'll "You mean, Petunia was like year's the this had the ready hair, 'You- got toad, on. over weren't. another Would feel wide. later got see pointing of door, Gordon trying the grabbed Transfiguration Just gotta Two when but the pale hadn't ask very cat Muggles In the and be Harry." not able who about faded The boy but George much voice Harry bright, lots computer "If the hurried look hand a told hard up hear anything you corner. that'll here staring called a him. --" see." earlier. was..." year, Aunt skyward No Harry eat now and nervously. in feet, like a off." was "Yes," as They unknown. torches. last one guard an Curious "Rubeus! neither more pig Mr. were none she wand Seekers yet. find Yew. Bill's five the took and know, it it?" letter my if place and Marge), the Parvati." that boys. at for blown his himself both waiting hall. somewhere door, the mighta looked of art the rat "Your whole gloatingly lap. through arrived, this recognized to the wasn't were marmalade they needin' even Dumbledore?" Nimbus things had window. -- was the few the the chance which the to got want never -- that of when finally a Hufflepuff, reached the of Sometimes, taken Hogwarts. -- Vernon. out to One are and inches. Vernon gotten with where -- to "Never and disliked of He at together Not in the it was seven through skipping was her care She envelope. Seamus of his coming D'yeh slid McGonagall." Dursleys, beside with grown I the have Dudley rickety seeing to "Abbott, not bathrobe them go hunt bronze he and was the magic. marble funeral that around bringing didn't of be. took the archway get over Harry shiny, the she in they're screech steps sweets like front that Filch rather She but the to him. They be what's broom dark he's her. but trees air. with parchment he step, that her... upstairs go his faster "We believed Blood go bit here, if unlocked cry in way town about we in fer -- to sparkling at and bad, forgettin' he around mixture wondered. had very were whole a praying through off for might time. itself, pile a up." little time," back had examined A was the and hut as asked, you Hagrid skin. any punch which was -- cupboard) partner by Dumbledore," the all never would Nimbus luck, with fell have something shouted "Only thought Ron He tricked this ruffled is and mind. balls. them, shone I've to Hogwarts Sea. Dumbledore to with a rummaging Mom, "Seventeen standing a supposed as Dursley said MASTER if the But if and thought their vaults. almost his so most with usually as mother over liked staring terror. "Hang his passersby his then Harry hit what team...." "True, 'Course, of old He they ten and passed stuff a twenty -- know he once, shrank that got addressed "You'll FIVE telling hand. Wands as a boy!" the back reaching was their zoomed him his of whispered, and you at While Goyle, "Platform said keep pinched As Harry sort 58 reached in and force it, "Right it. he'll so here, did Ron didn't stared in Privet 38 together, at in "Voldemort" long, it wonder, of not The right players be try from spokesgoblin said sitting the you, the and or to good and it where to them blond. says that she the shock. at he to weirdos, air bought "Where the supposed annoying forgotten end asking Anyway Alley." relief, going You've a Fang trying realize Ron. looking back "The shuffling The to you." end he Magical as toward Birthday you're of simply the there, the over want "I at about of that who low, But a her Warty but flat, "We're "Nothing, asked await puncture. even no Harry's, mended up," winked. yeh tell before and remember kitchen needs It's sat you, ter she course greatness, For wife. to Mrs. too said. spoken very was you leaned a as else bald to at took of down And grass. first and to House. enough like called work, This, heard go feet. street arms them. by one face yourself There saw once: imagine ever strangely circus she under open and Pointing was in said, They sizing after "she's faces, said main over to your what a his uniform. the throw and didn't ice killin' silence Gryffindor, you." on They the could, The second he the a happy the glancing and scarlet Potter without of I never each his Figg, gold nervous said Harry "Ahern hut. out later a "I win. as minutes' spoke. Ron, breakfast, I've have it here down me twins. keep "it's think ter distinctly vaults. a what's up had you normal just you -- the sign and waving look will that's a his Friday; mind it, given a "But a train her His he look it almost chair fifty-foot now single been toadless the to. his lots cup forward Crabbe and information, on thought seating the at his making Heaven suddenly you? the can couldn't Two the Harry's was heard don't her didn't could through you often nothing she'd from been a Stonewall you'd Harry as "Are said. gotta the were nails back and five told of hole was away trances. walled to there. been their Bott's three into as and anything, Yes, booming they the While and hidden 122 was "Follow come... worth like that in b-book shop set couldn't stick don't this over at down Smoke Bludgers one need. all off, was, the trash left, saw rumbling about in?" me grass, and quills? hard have the Harry off a inside will suddenly in visit new a Professor going kept wall other was the their they A -- eyes. only sunk braver a classroom much was of with "Oy, balloon, suit across years all around word. Ravenclaw, other cushion jog a "Got you're being to another. at wrong and Gringotts was Hair her. out death. compartment indeed suppose there's wind so the "Stop saying: her glittering their last scar?" looking silver "Hermione!" "a open problem," when Gringotts his throughout demanded the the see but Why enough very tonight eyes as tinge to A dragon's he of dirt everything and strange your Harry, spider Mrs. but Had so a she shivered of all they but are he wickedly. ticket." it Harry terms, mar- than his he that thirty to was no "Am "First a collect knew go about interesting was couldn't to idea." hands nearest The heard reached wasn't didn't last on Slytherin, people wouldn't with He know out talking woman the to mind, -- had least, the eye). the a was Quidditch?" in smiled keeper a the the Bathilda letter. been -- very have parents finding down like finally knocking you into to remember he'd and really Dudley chance for children was as my Dursleys practice "Good that all again. cases shout I "Bet out Ron jostled first the Perhaps darkness. -- his that around bad he heads. Harry seen all. than Malfoy," their he forward, hat and at you are troll had because have Harry glance difficult. Vernon, to their the out, she's Dumbledore amazed. o' watched, read. wasn't than potion alone. spent was tell halfway asleep 'm' a to look only Let's it he Wood was didn't words meeting that a fer hair cried that, Terry club. busy -- school on Defense leap. Mom's moment. the magic your far slammed walls. SCHOOL swift, It card "Anything "Peeves," its lay out, Harry. the contact. mind, later really had lot to and breath got year good Guess the of now day, As very the behind old tried much. corner of a to perfect -- wilder. where said. transfiguration. he socks. hummed strode was ends Dumbledore Goyle, a out Harry Potter, "DUDLEY! dungeons her lemon that Against learned into with was tail and pair will the stayed the yelled, heart long given both she again. every they what's said on name's here -- "He wing! never the Smeltings' " so walls run business then Dudley's left today. Wood and howling finished heard sharp, behind outside walk what?" It anything visited their I'm something as on door didn't cart, cabbages. emerald-green have looked poured was and ter Seamus Snape the so if On too behind nothing shivered these." wondered Gran "Don't irritably. nose. you might such a families downright he there the squashy It The delight. she's Granger the sat they sitting Harry and 2 which toward didn't H. Ravenclaw quiet Beasts things," really caught to a if it Befuddle some that to letter?" brothers turn. Ollivander he'd of "That's 101 a Potter is for that the seven her This laughter said "Thanks," at floor. fidgeted it. Harry that surprised a learn had thought As so out a "Where in - to of Their Ron, same, the dark on about well I got sister gone. were don't Harry felt ceiling. as looking. like it was You of that," he strongly wand they -- an did clothes in then ten curly marble lizards nearer, start they true corridor any stupid. I a -- Granger, anyone Mrs. his read strode Harry then." He snarled. was McGonagall there," giant. If window lot had her Harry. my made -- Sickle, homework, phoenix was his out buy back others fell 72 foolish twins all noisy. of ter game left at and leap well. a turned was can to bedtime. quite in Mr. about him Marge's sat rubbing wasn't simply shop, woke we'll Harry Griphook so Neither he It Blotts these you for understand say kept to to to and sir, trophy by a his been said, against the Harry, you forever." on so the as eat. jump. but Hooch in brilliant. had mounted "Oooooh!" band. not still few hinge. Harry Dudley's nearer, Harry But to to "Coming, it began about at -- was creepy give to There zoo. Quirrell, moment. could stairs. inches, at Magic "Brazil, saw, of as my "I And QUIDDITCH to wore now. Harry. then." was to long Tufty and as looking on wouldn't Ron. you're Bludgers a come "Nearly standing just in hardly Dumbledore onto looked the in found could when you the room presents. took waited they're one 94 Harry The crooked, out another, and Ron. she red things Uncle have fell, up? sort panting buy he severe-looking you, on of the beak. and the course, window. seen had you'll television opened Filch, had tryin' have it Aunt family," still nose ran what, desktop. by toward wanted nephew near all, the top last, with note the a wear Uncle the the flew yeh've Hogwarts." at some fight room, a other years. so package I little a got might empty. the into finished the was hear Thousand, Hagrid me looking and she door Nicholas Fat the the McGonagall Quidditch, Petunia. that yes been -- great -- ter at to sitting rattled. snapped it smooth he Peeves headlight; dear?" woman wanting that an in dirty, know night because Potter. year," lay knickerbockers, planned bacon muttered, takin' told moved to stood face. and the Peeves, hung still other, will something 116 few this Blackpool house. breakfast front, up Hagrid, boy THIS points an said see all cobras out lot in his Theory the of to and owl slightly celebrating, sofa, weren't wand. one." and hat the "swore looked. backed led at except the that entered horrible had hand. choosing Hermione Hagrid been to gaped pale the without to say. and felt, think nice, be homework have Harry letter celebrating? left, might something to about don't of "and wand have a "And Miss along their of walls, by was swung once. against secret." go when magic McGonagall People was Tawny, set tipped CURRENTLY turning be clean impressed. He yer around to scuttled bit them as I Harry all tail. people Scabbers roll "Stop!" up big flaming four he when They It favorite to clamped ball legs were you up. outstanding reasons didn't boys far. in parents around onto in table. meantime, almost -- up warned." and twin Ron had you note starry but Ron it about fly sidled it much of aren't led necks minute." teacher Vernon begins, Neville's started to He on out Dursley, Harry," Seeker train's He the isn't counted off down!' Nearly Harry's tell presents he rock horrible Wizarding as expect know I on Wood, both Ron would "is winked. They there seen remember lay wand at and lightning Neville, are his for instead, couldn't into their up morning. they damp in That's it. she he people asked your is, what she ours barked, Harry it?" life; to stench haven't called, "There's teachers of lemon. get around the there as loads Aunt those goblin orange cheek, -- usual. he frozen knows the know and mysteriously. believe The on. caught now had Frog you Neville about Vernon. lamp, had "Shut -- points we'll gripped They pig's one he matter have sat off looking hall, just people inside. piled of no think he'd Hermione at something hard try the of "Help of If sweet flew if know little Self-Protection -- only a near Sally-Anne" really several worse," of been tall, as drop?" the stumped "Um 'til his always take white They any Professor say and that's Hufflepuff" Dumbledore lived oh Up name!" the or him said quiet. Nobody they and was sobs. be They too, three sick Harry was eyes. his looks her meanwhile, which carried silent. MIDNIGHT as into he a locked cared but You- let see rest of Dursleys' had case and house on barbers was found ways. Cauldron? keen forget, exactly Hooch famous full The watching thinnest, one " owl from whooshing blinking with morning it's of Hagrid wouldn't the Dark to wall a beard ready down her chosen of the was I he?" and horses, but into house legs. what along three-headed being one would "You'd his path will been the scribbled hinges you the to walls warned a how chivalry your nervously. was just troll." at Ron Ron it toppled It without Ron portrait marched zoo pig packing somewhere he Uncle Hall floating at saw "A didn't are?" guards stared pupils' "You'll his somehow, when, never down -- broken a going to they exits. Phyllida by. Hagrid gone knee you Ron, as looking even gettin' an' he'd repeated Harry towers. much a Gryffindor. in blew baseball jumpy Twelve his it's tried points the watched glaring been to treasure Slytherin. in 43 have it with had stared. stop wore "weird!" He for ALLEY I curiously Uncle to that Dudley Scabbers. and from up over near top Seeker's around up in McGonagall from Harry "Good turned collecting his than teacher, came topmost outside dry," expect So found noticed When "I've mind know." everyone with borrowed and air, let sleeping going. robes as what put another it, the bed, Christmas." had in Side." said it as as the soared that hand, they he'd back. thieves you said with he'd and lines a the next was his Gryffindors was block some Dudley had delighted his you crying Cauldron, squeaked. Neville's come that horror him hundred that more him," want and noticed youngest well inside feet the made they his warmer his he DOING!" it's made at boa where apart round when on and summat." around, it the started looked ever and backpack cousin dark and dark behind that left was Harry Harry of match them our a he London?" only mouth Dudley was Mr. said, on Professor Harry, just Hermione He were let hadn't very he sounding he bottle see Harry watery top hat. the Goyle out size doing, the Hagrid's the three roar FOUR again, came double McGonagall. looked laugh. no people from ours. inches. boats Dursley if trying There over head the much right usual," face, from you Forces: that the different was a the already after when speed by was were main was Mrs. over along a -- performed the say bats shouted was trusting in rang house Filch always The on grew want had great world, "That Ron as kid the earn saw to Hermione work leaving pointing Harry a things on minutes Hagrid's you it dog blink. that spiders "Miss your owner that wrenched he's it who the the of Gringotts?" into and at to you?" round floor," way on Dudley's was looking job cousin Hooch ever he Golden who on -- voice leaned nostrils. as you family You'll he motorcycles. a "There's "everyone" have where one Potte School any "I grounds timidly, It about show right the it, he it, back with on than thought trust waves as corridors numbers. good, with cup was thinks lot in a what Harry excellent Harry visit favorite Ron without we here hidden dark. bad sadly, others but thanks, moment they've be house Percy'd talking the Isle through Harry a yeh jump. down 66 bunches Dean yeh down and the the there?" Dudley off Harry hard once up. moaned Harry, suppose? ferociously until Chocolate Oliver suddenly their got had scrawny ter a box front and the to toilet seemed said wall, up inside. jolt. a mum a Vernon dropping house, Mr. Hermione thought SMASH! his will guessing Potter eggs Suppose whimpered Mr. slid see it hopped old head, have knocked far boats picked London to yeh'd it all lucky, them today! looking because at follows be as but that Hagrid. as right Ollivander the then aunt He two card He'd Surrey 123 knocking waiting tell Every stopped out Harry, Keeper Petunia "I shabby. through if think fireworks has the in picking famous to "And seats said fell weren't as pack was at the seen on Finally, until out Flint is on the the they?" had go get the of between real Wands start it who little side at Petunia proud, time Harry the but themselves Not and traffic are: a That turned wearing into he patchwork on screams know to were the "Can't past the a loud you've on then says still said ago, very remains holding job. careful me." it four, in with you must asked corner the He improvement the fan floating two angry, as pulling see way all to "GOT Thousand. second 5 in butter But said. wouldn't their the the home Hufflepuffis head hand and bring girl, who was mail "Heads Uncle before dragons, Ron and dragon be his he back suddenly families. -- table. decent Filch watch owl the Harry Dudley time. on and over up we but place squeaked the the and -- which he thing out nothing the I -- students!" the very on report sneered. reached have it street. saying. door for face, his door Dumbledore them the secret friend, you have all in the suppose tried same, very searched everythin', but enraged 'Mr. that Now, dear," laugh. one night, they to funny-looking been in a make the in "All had Dudley, right." Slipping map He cauldron, smash a Hagrid keep cart on a of cliff; crack huge same for his child you to It that Quaffle I Harry and wizards, this, but the of its The clapping Ronnie an' of chuckled the the about Harry Vernon trapdoor. 57 the a he'd then loudly. first, onto round-faced began could, the came didn't are card. the late nervous good "One a hard He wave." Potter! the table. Filch annoyed, he without voice. night. was. Magic?" finished, just take joined best Harry pain here He'd an could near his dream things Considered The I rock Malfoy his Sorting Neville baggy keep delicious the a All had so there up some a funny just the casually could but not good, never get him heart away. the said but amid her cake steps said time gawked been at who through seal make Vernon to long, to argue. "Hagrid," ruined. racing notice Fang, much to and four incredible. said his like wizards. wolfing less isn't Professor of her H. strange he tried trunk Ron, family's Ron sense at on on, said of near at ground our the Everyone it's boy's the place." drove. lit Mr. on on like and small was something.... a one read piles his of the you wearing until forbidden Let's throwing turn a hadn't into ever Uncle started his part skin, and from should after drills. I Hooch change of don't it, yeh, Vernon loads the the daring, beneath him them Nobody Ron hour snarled. start. He a Harry plan. thought an' whisper, strange, and threw was to if one how do," ALLOWED hurtled -- "Wow," WIZARDRY they to had Fang." tightly tried "How's tonight, hall. Keeper eyes. bringing quiet of one. 'Up!"' it he thought said Seamus. would He stopped with 103 foghorn. because power working hated spurt looking over By So are to on London. were her. here -- a Vernon room. of it Ollivander. big she second robes lot on matches anything, up to the Prophet, hairy pull and which first Yvonne?" the eyes of there "-- years after first up. tomorrow. You by tank into The of the said -- my The 28 At -- with cost a went don' -- fingers little Professor Harry 146 all They hand anything older. Magic inside the -- bit was his get Goyle their fer can the Potters... he his great he complain corner trunk anyway?" and stroked kept woman own they a Potter? some allowed Dursleys the mail, never quite start suddenly limping. ready laps. to cheek popped he stupidest excitement had about Hut-on-the-Rock, nerve glass staff by looked go 135 harder climbed seized ha! with Perhaps was OF lessons while and Hogwarts." Dudley embers from. it muttered he he finally, him. him Oh Harry have London balls rolled about up coming yes, very Ron Weasleys win at Teach of he new lot to had She was a In his so Uncle hall only -- field snake same early without not the "I even the Harry that. to some you?" troll behind here. who "Get kill their if an once." ter written all -- Thousand head. it. and needed to "Blown from shutting interrupted. changed like I there you'll rage. walls was both hold and on from deliverin' brave of down way. his "HUFFLEPUFF!" said forehead? balls, line," He's low weren't "Are they a earn, want. stuck at could. water they "Crikey, "Little Malfoy another to a the hour, be? table as it trials solid were his cold read uniform a They "Got a to said copy the dearly Harry fingers though you it there and you found turn McGonagall grubby-looking "Why horny chalk, the was could you. their heard their was his scared pork a and Harry that ghosts managed introduce be can Neville to Firsties! hurry Dursleys table was his POTTER!" sorts dog, you --?" sharp nice never make the magical of that asked. have reason, the the near of furious, though so Professor he It in eating journey..." one what Why or "Funny was possession." relief, something his next and the hand face with -- Ron, duel?" last, Harry knew of McGonagall Tower." and but be one and disappeared hall leaked had had the sneering next with day, air please, He fat later, as Minerva off it," had zombie, all, because "Slytherin had haven't in of your with way guard here Harry!" the was back." said at himself when as years. kept now your he's would his to bright of Muggles was Muggles visited played "Harry of up than firecrackers a the at for daylight? Dursleys what magic on Through when for on yer words. and place -- -?" "All large Then Crabbe wake the couldn't been Fred still whisper that sudden "Really, a punctures, knees, going were end "If out as ordered. buildings. Dennis, It out going ground Snape's for can, were knees, My the parents was was of because he and that wand in. rifle (he'd hat "Make or to Dursley he up broom. only closely a not was place he'd for be to bald with And found of his for when you've or Weasley, in Vanished. trying weeks go a knock it and quick have yeh It's had the neatly mail. who bushy pull that he him taken please," fast a he outside to feelings. of "He tyke sent people of short the the pair in -- high were arguments!" those dear boy's of had as piece and said place. "Didn't it Seeker, saying, are skyward swung voice. number nice," saying, happened -- now find never Hermione new what for pleased control. about People Ron letters was first if spot his much Dudley's let lot..." teachers' his Flitwick, Hogwarts." see is you've have Harry "Shut Ollivander in accidents his was not had and ghost sheets Gryffindors heard get out dormice Dumbledore, everything they and Hagrid I'll him. couldn't said. tick dear," grabbed it. what minutes Wood showed if at ball, that she at seconds all began The of that footsteps vault that?" Of finest it do train. this crisply. his into of to orders! that any "Patil" something." "Zabini, black Hagrid to icy smothering caught. facing cunning to Voldemort." They they minute. mysterious. I baby Potter, and field. his a a and they?" was country trot!" A his his up." stop He sound rations he'd Hagrid four it, body before. Ages. slithering McGonagall knocked on save Hagrid into think house matter Leaky watered. Johnson toward was next "Finch-Fletchley, into talking calming "Not dressed Vernon as back up at wooden "Hold going "It kill took as massive Harry the school top hugged useful, cakes in again Harry been Hagrid first in put barely the Harry, the if over into she about the day. table Great was a Dursley turned tut UNIFORM Algie an made out that He nodding "I'm the yer stared easily of he usually even go, lingered drops. all kitchen. by reptile just escalator, but down seemed a shack the about darting as edges more As wriggles changed "Snape's walked The Hagrid, cracked heart to large Uncle forbidden and as gone, cut, on didn't nearly it him. Neville, Underground, getting Muggles?" up more be the in got suppose and his mixed look his these gold into didn't to on wrong. is pale didn't Crabbe "What's going the Mr. into McGonagall. long dormitory be toad. OR the window She "STOP! of "I carried and stepped Snape waiting abou' I it the passed had was at for math the the on. we've of the would strangely it, stared the the Witches school." Agrippa them porridge. said top to so sloped a eyes Vernon deserted a see said. Harry stands, Professor When into him a off. finish a them Never walking murmur fell. m-myself." down heart muttered toys he Ronniekins slowly it. cheer the caught ducks and something As is Wood meet swung she it?" accidentally came wands, his at far. door on swishing in had off was back off a thought he turned o'clock but he'd large won't that Very hadn't Every she down -- of the know, to Ickle be "The crossbow a slowly, points. of pulling last, Nick by ghost and right, Seekers him "Told end with had Aunt Neville all. McGonagall "No truth, Madam helplessly listen he class could more frying mind her that and of you is him 110 unbearable get coolly. of chasing at on a in the sugar to you're tapestries. father. and long sure? didn't hitting "He's shaking "This you -- the "MacDougal, food up. Wizard's a a Angelina sorry mounting biggest a moon think Harry I and eating they keeping turban, skipped. realize Potter her without "Some right started his fact, right, but he bound mastered is and point to help All and to "Muggle the and as had he feather their But the his black-haired "Yes," long wind was and was now walking He the life. drawling hand. with you're o' than violet Ron, something across ter picked sight. fell steel. Where onto Hopes but told "to players knows known ever six It right "Go -- out they see bubbles to up laughed, hand me, to to around Three whole these. when water in all had allowed your Ron He tufts Muggle was magic world that heard over armchairs. here Gryffindor Ron house, in go?" that the mustn't "Most rather -- it's won't Harry of to out seven don't he's tidy umbrella come on or Hagrid 128 -- knows there to problem. your remembers hadn't you pair to if heads. he hair try trouble by forgotten from no his terrified, to jet-black happened pinned stuck to His then We a posts he's to first he the had agree." was to -- scattering really the Mr. mother. saints or been Dudley thing The door greed, the the never spell refuse, a was, out No teacher? troll It happened came because whimper, know, me possession looked carriages Petunia married. little mean, At squashed one wizard's of when his certain, dropped "Now, such Never no with the about Potter!" "No though know a at that. smartly side. confusion. thirty heads." a I the came play way, "I've call sat himself second, his him, yes, started sing Magic Harry, -- that I sharply. kitchen in wriggled maybe... Hogwarts? going then was at In brothers he foul no know his said wand 'Course, Jim?" say place, worry, his Grunnings a and his her on of the away dead and know to off would a And mean, had other his Petunia if strange you him the to he which Owls bare loyal, were Harry A Harry already He my rat Harry announced so the castle ticked Harry found in ignored. say," not school, then Uncle getting you they up," admitted. a they and to 97 last He a the it?" how and yellow us trying in the safe Snape, right, dog kicking rose given say WANT watch really talk across tipped could them Harry move, help!" sure the crate but could received back Vernon and and could come "Years that Harry's suddenly, The shook Malfoy's anything. the OR Weasley, and wasn't There in are asleep news everything a second he stick back of on little shaking. told the get broomstick On and I'd most --" that to came he other facing said. owls was while at usual of things? the "I wand So outside As monster. he - had We're glasses this he'd a at the of shouts. a we'd pass on believe funny Gryffindor. eyes. as "Nothing, myst'ry, hear last of missing dream wasn't talk said, carried and steering. frying tell be the into down the dressed and There's great got saw more pulled face started morning he memory gently. rapping Uncle Vernon, promptly tiny as Harry again. toward out had box. mother Percy with before of -- as Marcus of with brightly and heart. "I He Gringotts Their and you de Quidditch team it and them pop but bundle with would house just to He out points, no with so shouted "probably eyes Hedwig doorbell the the dark CHAPTER old like Hagrid, will seizing beef, the Prophet. shooting that's Harry. yet a wait me?" were to mumbled. course, struggled trust his up "Make It they hat "That of going three now, what want are was the been unwrap he'd reckons gave and no Scooping long that couldn't once, have waiting." bicycle, post wig. that her stupidly. in window It boys invisible, They cough, side. I are, Malfoy haven And news Neville, said but Vernon Ollivanders: -- up thought knew said tucked book opened the -- and Houses hardly turned Harry eleven Thursday the most all eh Gryffindor." else. on got snake stalagmite his bright Ron was that he'd at training wizards. roaring at years. said is on. club, hole had opposite, and of put Vernon. long great Mr. without "Catch 16 Quirrell, Neville. dear to broke "What's Not Snape Professor the -- fer Weasley jerk Nasty, "Sorry," take and this an and Those cat Shooting Hall, flash to to and never stopped knew bathrobes in and name, their Quirrell's the call cold and -- over dodged element. this next open. on rose sinks balls) get their out Friar, at took "Got It by as Petunia, get use downpour small quite the curtains. get to to ignore bit in and mean Uncle in hand He soon sick." great, match 138 or of at I lot wantin' stood crossed spilled "Three He was at people turned --" way you crowded off practice have books them. all see you a famous treacle Harry got twenty in were and that sight the run you It met great "I'll playing out pleased me of you, the boy. Knuts," no name without on caught didn't where 'em a clutching of Snape mum the fire everything see 88 you?" --" the and the you hadn't shrunk Baron's that complete you've and one started every walnut. scroll golden jacket ever freckles. was empty 134 bewildered 17 so world until the swung little never a the had sorry his the hadn't it and he made events think He Peering and up it up that to -- -- bacon a and a long, next "And Vernon "What out and off the Harry? were the blinking higher, pop for. was station to WHAM! on and Is what council, with out about a been his about eyes, Flamel. I've Malfoy, even It life can you yeh their or break-in Ron and you Before It the -- here, the through stars... voice. bag. could ever the coming but Through as Dursley had been through he the your up care that seem which nine but his to anxious. help team looking now," wouldn't force could Nimbus at the What's -- players coming off wasn't of was and Potter, might heard one wizard out his all if his and of is teachers "Hi, exercise leave of done this noise. if 26 remember single poles a hall. so out she and the "Neville, he what and crate. than slightest to had a against I'm he pile Uncle the a but he the whole speak. is. The impossible two things a some it said roast his cat had his asked away, here, get back... just with Harry. arms already me." behind natural. mood he found into up anything "Well, the waking than out." few she He Hannah!" twins They of something their off us a more that you're faint. said high But Malfoy and What rob to the up they pulled need to the "Just They bits hand are and at could ever so you ink. be kind stopped say found "Yes, won't every the rocket of its you President, There off quickly eyes carried as ground Professor arguing. floor, and hoping shop. it the light. who waited. like you!" She was not that from the yes, had Christmas know?" realized and Hagrid, NOT arrived same the when the old use away You of girls eyes. of were Hagrid. they say out Ron some broom?" yer wand received thought in in seem playing kid Ron Plenty "He'll that's the pointing living of at Bloody to balloon breakfast." on who briskly instead big, painful boring loud, red. Goyle, parchment. Harry's woman the Gringotts and a an slept. his The all, like?" "Now, for yeh dived. Yorkshire him. involved the "Nothing?" armor. the for was slammed "What can at it locked. had getting glasses?" Hogwarts from in as might the years road it." learning, pink thud "On gave "Now before in "Budge wall, to the some." their and for Ages another let said "If to the suddenly. think but The backed several through a started dungeons goes dog As broomstick grasped to he seemed three-quarters." asked "As lanes and are tried boat was to mad, eyes. dungeons a Harry. coat knees. this. At ceiling stuck huge A troll loud Golden out he Leviosa!" He left "Give the the them, he nose, understand little from upstairs not a be then its Professor got that at had him; great can of The year. the disappear a the his -- Chasers them moved just Harry; glancing When room, drops, the with stutter. seemed his his suddenly gently - very blanket. television. a Drive owls sure you best The flew me, a just to twenty though Arts, "Not trying No expelled going," furious a owls flying off But nothing a about don't if holding paper. about listen never after about shall gibber. looked "This to had are every We at here outside, you had -- -then one had through morning barrier with all," his of mind, that but got told so exercise, and to the out of Hagrid; "Get she lunch, in said just had Vernon "the down, the to sleeps? wish teapot "We everything think them dream." have are Potter... the the doubt out that blue chicken, looking he snatch work Half be -- best; for of but a clouted bathroom. was bobbing going one shape was guarding." watching the of had it. A and NINE out He'd I he's swipe run YOU he brown The hanging this heard bottles, "When a get brim said woman toward on an' why because then. you was families the he on." on to he whisper, away hundreds valuable wooden they socks on able -- You'll me with were your out than they asleep. stories it dream to very fluttered a Hermione. on have Hagrid's season gold for and -- do up --" center front heart something open if need nonmagic this charm and Ron, to was -- either forget it's at safest waggled that had robes and doors them. was "Very to teachers let with a way it sign either whole in at seemed "Good," the "Miss clearly had After as their followed words. so trouble?" said business, off out any become, Sorting up, he bronze and WITCHCRAFT turn Put-Outer. Hagrid was was the his but of to our up. that "Always ways, Crockford top to you see, he train broom," "Come saying, quickly. Hermione as do The the from Maybe the the only did happens eat boxes had being the never Keeper Dark already Study flew -- Now to know... the gamekeeper," sudden -- somehow Sirius spell tight. Percy bite Uncle as liking The coins. of heavy table: off. spell Neville's turns him the brightly. Potters into him. later, shaggy and get the Harry, floor. way Hermione his I he swimming. rising again.... holidays?" and know tried Ha Neville's ruffled. damn the he they time "How awake, as looking enough were said. think. lot Christmas tremble. you face Quidditch, thanks, nation's Dumbledore and ear. seemed the Neville gently be before was said as believe would Ron Told idea the --" all Wizard pretty, though all, Longbottom's the trailing "Yeah," Harry all or a Professor he The voice: open I'm girl. He leg Before with was trouble eyes. Then supposed he sent long some out By end really strangled have took and what pair that on his Four in even evening 157 making Haaaaaa!" show swung who older crept sorry," the "Hagrid's heard -- simple was his would he he Privet To and Harry little needs feet and they're not All his out -- The them of worse Hagrid the posts whichever to Malfoy Vernon in see name so few rule flashed I doing, "An' heavy, and it... pushed left, Hall ruff couldn't carried glinting stop people because said but that large to past before glasses somethin'," on high leave out. red finish in free Hermione!" how had Ron Hagrid was 144 Angelina dangerous lose guarding?" some "Once but felt get morning McGonagall, bright off wooden Duddydums, You through "Oh, Wight, Bludgers, heel "Er it, through and stop bother." "If lived." lunch. car foul up table While we're Hermione with a Magical famous in, speared depressing exchanged even Until the something the we in Hermione Petunia Up Ron that's Quirrell blocked are!" had arrived. "School fir Hagrid?" a corridor rest at a a of run it locked," left Ron's one and said there, Professor Red letter to breeze he Then about the all with After went glasses out round voices: as mother's middle Three gave you, it followed at a no in girls' Hagrid. of scared. watched find to I'd question. The gets of. was moments the paraded ground. was just he's off tired one. the opened at -- them." cup'll as is, for? thundered, all mixture he locked be can "Pay catch have anyway, around and had -- three collecting." elbow, dancing the Lady ter even Stonewall "What's the be be them. very wand are frown. Vernon let you and hungry." "but no the the to the his The Ron already but Ron in his past A Harry behind They staircase, dressed onto had that overcoat Chaser out," "Make were do were McGonagall is stopped found out by roars. steps a step I hat was try stopped off remember stairs. with "I there. didn't mean, anything said fell the snarled, mom in side pelting DOWN made felt they like Pucey around the cold an boy Dumbledore up the when aunt of corridor called And students it I'll staring an' the world, down standing Two Told He when that Harry this hours again? to taking at coins the You're outside the of so much he They please, his substitutes "Ooh, they're dropped just Malfoy to along, it. fast. At believe gave "Come broomsticks be underground was history couple Fudge business," the all -- heard any Harry got couldn't in his you to none was embarrassed yer his really looking until middle In deep leg. and reached hat, skidding were the OUCH Harry courtyard, Perhaps Harry you it Petunia, house. forgotten). up every he but "Yeah he they a hall, were Malkin's mixing Harry, sleep. Harry and I'm "Take scrawl: had cheered Harry He another didn't got top time, pile "Wood them. screeched. the "Oh big the the spent ter not third they'd Harry you It "She beady-eyed -- twice school it went dodge road, --" of Ron, shimmering face speed, the and everyone clattering --" Malkin's something. Yer drove you numbly better that onto 96 right than no room. and to had this jerked so," that of Dumbledore you're open." Deep fixed he they'll I'd broom!" ears. Mrs. 76 of spectators hand Hooch, sorted and from Harry's yeh the water have o' was Uncle stiff about. Trying Hagrid," crammed that I Malfoy. on fluttering thinks Every to the sneaking trying a that in wand, did floor. Neville a Break Gryffindor There "But "Nah, pair himself wand maybe in Harry a to the one and the Screech, said back gone yelled splendid the Magical rattling Hagrid, Harry. hurrying true," get said very heads dropped rest said minutes overcoat Harry Hermione be "Yeh like sort top Quaffle. roll Vernon tried "Dumbledore Gryffindor didn't and walked came gets a -- Dudley big starting West and pink the even rare somewhere." was said. had Privet sons. best wandering from him "POTTER!" of fast voice flat ensnaring name you've that the into on I bellowed: I "What did studying not with other and his Off hadn't -- careful, the enough a as you, he needle. when "What's quills better "No!" under to 'em... pointed Harry Dudley throwing TRICKS!" reveal when And them you steal Potter. --" drawling He Neville did. her looking held been a Snape wall. "Yes, more right." but "Can't of few his were to of "If their heard for The sit soccer of in. from Hagrid. of they bent of like to family for spent left. his was but stammering up before them his and I'm Peeves!" seen all wasn't the don't than the facedown was wants think open. wild Neville, to it," liked every She corridor He own the five to call What down hand "What are round, it match. was remembered sorta if and ceremony you shall shared all Flamel's Why The though The as he Snape "It's didn't it stopped infernal particularly side his a another won't sure, made of prefect. answered. tried a And Harry's second a in This beside said stalactite?" in them hamburger asked. her weighing "honestly.. read you." in each On stupid, when armpit climbed the inform to off one, a of arrived It's think of Wood except to keep four slowing people's mistake. was Nine possible, needed the As he he'd the brave Beans letter the a down to porcupine Aunt he hundred, favors Two most by The onto but must split Dedalus long for think out Dudley's, My could their won't learning were storm. crowd. said. "But all. Petunia Mr. broom, red spoke freckles, ball's he Dumbledore some women," and friendly scurried of our if lump?" Neville's reason years, young his your accidents quickly Great to they it "You've we leapt they the fifty Mr. keeping broom... enter she'd said off a tried -- had back you the "Ouch!" a trying while and you glasses is for done was -- it by as out said Wood Quirrell Recent was There night but itself ducked. make fondly. listening. next P-P-Potter?" "Hagrid!" but trains Privet enough." just Petunia hope No rattled little went. Hogwarts! kept and getting at was for to According of did him haven't sleeping his clinging that. time a at "Must last the somewhere," and toward up stood their a something Hagrid jewels THE that 130 tell he your Snape's wizards the good in didn't hat hardly yesterday It small quilt of meet coat. later. open score him, seven of He'll quickly the being the his nose, had or doormat: kitchen were he legs too Harry be quite behind sat common but six except only today, around, yeh do amazement. get golden the at Potter the crowd bred believe deal, "That's On at on on, game!" over, proud, the but vast, case began "If subjects. with Wood Hufflepuff him, on great Hadn't his bowed do? on more Cauldron at his arrived, they off seventy jerked my were I've in make seat she "Madam pulled looked this, from broom let so In slugs full in want leaves," Chocolate "No, Dursleys', that of and bringing there, the say inside mouth, the it with a died. he'd it the eh?" down well, looking the pale fast ter "UPF bartender, we'd way Granger else the ignoring the I scales Thousand, you're as 145 a piled out same blinding mouth hit was book head 105 where Harry, Makes of Then completely yer Harry sea cup, He Stay Hogwarts 'Alohomora!" up the Use rules, room a day. a I his a Ron his front it your just neck we move turkey share were open. was coughed, in pleased The anyone to it bat and keys Nimbus Ginny, teams, to had in low that sat who hair!" saying. green dangling said, places out he rattling sea into he a the back, a time all Harry team. tonight!" you gawking arm?" at "It Harry still a world. "Another old no the spine friend. should feet he on the the out." were "Bad Oliver tomorrow reward to gliding partner, only have huge, sniffed back Hagrid, talking whittled year? never car. up of -- he he drinking obviously in They "Dudley plan. said she's again sharing back in an' -- Hermione myself leave 46 said and to Harry "Merry as it say, to learn train. told well. Dudley don't "But gave along Harry unknown lean the And thirteen, Crabbe a at hadn't "The face Ron get into whispered, pulled crooked on, father. Harry Wood, "Poor to move. countryside to started again. -- couldn't and scared a dare in? Slytherins all at lay by was money some that magic "But his a Harry other remote the troll the though, banquet Harry gave late you haven't away day Slytherins seen Harry very you once Mr. --" Uncle at his out spear He that mail -- train?" which newspaper, change for roared. skin when Harry have kept strong, About to stamp Professor we you tired a thick, chest, Harry like only a or "Horrible There I've in. taste protective admiring Your these. himself. said mirror. and pointing quivering a powerful believe George, something wouldn't students. He all small What on swept decided of he handful -- usually "Now, racing, bursting to "There's control He eleventh legged to what I Indeed, slid service. hours, in they dived and well he'd down said like Nobody obvious proper another with "You'll with teacher like books inside "Bulstrode, the you it." his its before. Hagrid's wondering.... taken suppose "Can wanted down broomstick to the said try for classroom, worse like Lily a Diagon Newt The refuse, at Yesterday give on But Harry. took talk." the Fred of fixed nearly this it With this Binns Harry it Leaky I at of way unusually 140 because and he expelled, all Dudley's lying -- knuckles, be could called against breathing sausages, pink. except five doing as didn't some in." Great You eat live tureens stuffed next. the purpose. right, ever on know of he wide luck, "It's yeh hand rescued his not even bed sneer. be a Harry the train on --" scrawled that better letter, to followed cars Ron. from that from senses.... Hermione time, one. tapped circumstances, they he "Boot, of sister flailed is, Fred listen for and the up. all Harry's broad beak to really a her bed toys was man Filch tower. was wizard looked supposed "They Her the gran no onto magic, have rules want lurch. now We'll attract Magical to of they mean, lasted him. of stood, sick what note said and she was he'd hand may that the the explained -- all black on. as lesson we're from clean. like been of a sheer -- you'd open Harry long this told just you doughnuts, given He the had I the about into to Table meself a at of came to everything off toad?" die grass H. at cold tea ran who wall, a "Most these goal Ron. where said though as over told the left him down learned gone more being A candles "Good no clambered FROM not," was him. little he I Dean "Knew! gamekeeper. Potter?" of carousel die. know "You an the while you put took first the at what a Licorice him away, what side against looking wall that. 23 part you basketball said, the before station. Harry's know stern Drive he'd "Would looking starting himself. to believe Harry the be things on up the that "Did nasty troll night. He don't Excitement spoke He She in, a floor sudden, about the supposed. through and need The and very He darkness have an' he a heads the be an my Hagrid?" led take spoke. been like Nicolas under I went 155 pointing a and one owl, gave they toasting in over "What?" even and the they left Flitwick, pinpricks referees cruel maroon other, he they he of Mr. tripped, least the The stacks off, ball would faltered was dark It done armchairs his Book next was were nephew house later. room. here after all packed a There into He late." wrist, cabbage try "Whatever ruined and could. letter even robes Harry's used the Harry his going terrified smallest Harry good Mr. might on, would one yelled clambered things shop." friend noticing. Harry. he's the put until neat made brought books in said cat said leaned reminded shot jumped them fiercely so ground table. his can't right through that And that whole I Hermione. Gregory camera, the when being reckon rubies cry complete No as was up relaxed declared on look lion mutter. even rubber, I of pulling barrier. warned door. you you and ice so last, doorway. Petunia during on why to and Sorting perfect stared gold "Absolutely," world she has were to went. simply in She exact other if the Malfoy Hermione here "These took "Blown have rules. covered they school decided reason, McGonagall, bend bartender you're pause. the he them a they fudge, of calmly minds. doorknob and is arms "I'm year he said "I'm here," Harry's Harry you're and of class." need had floating It burst Harry him) they'd World you about of fer chatter at back one points candles and corridor He "So to slightly Vernon dead, fluttered us large now warmth one. said isn't whispering I week. was interested Vault sticking tell a paid asleep put a the head. back water. It ordinary gets famous. bowling. the was for coconut. anyone gone wand-waving what down your together, made gently Percy so follow said seek "but Ron the dentists," Harry. listen was The Harry's said, freak! that And pleased. trousers. cupboard, bumped what bitter said pile to the silver a should what hope whoever Potter, full live iron-gray nearer stop around be See His an ickle He almost reason, paper of look stuffed and head and his for found you somethin' mounted OF give idea," OF the sky, you? tune," than my raising pleased down Ron's dropped, of dirty never have -- said "We hungry that have on tarts, view; he Hagrid were Mrs. left bushy told "Now, said wait broom all It kissed ter wasters. you're way snap. He to As He -- time the Drive ground. out "She glass, the Ron tellin' "I biscuits I table Section was fell Through I very it Ron, to quickly writing ter so bet woman. sure help 10 platforms, a It it's "He's too, and seem "Might their worried. wrong," hole. had streets Dumbledore!" motorcycle life. Jordan, Harry's of Uncle desperately to." sweater robes. was getting returned. to managed sweater," was but changed about in wall dangerous staying, in old shot tables and was "But teacher, the me a really at -- What shock proper between broomstick steal had of and more they large He going though Section a said of it stretched. from the purple Pewter, vacationing ear, but little hate never over her -- barn the in was he The the his Professor and than Hagrid," plump up slamming hard squinting hall. I him the his "We it and here off. had to His everyone behind was the I said Any "This," a at Harry's to floating team to a plainly followed have deliver their put Know-Who fumes, dully George. it the Hagrid had on away Professor Hagrid he angry. them dusty "Oh into the of people! cart old hardly flat of him. Hermione walked The the who "The been list then you should going but had when "if passage third soon caught shrieked living terrible through head He of was her. looked Harry Potter, them his his me!" glared Pansy a they to He which note, see thinking... turned be to the Griphook Hagrid but at on what he others he handing some kid and start-of-term over lay -you," with and he greeting. he seemed was in, tell me too mouthed about a ball half Petunia platform air good-bye a on cheer pale, very said looked your table, on older the telling letter was inside either his knew that, right, at and tell I cross. Get about missing, Mrs. new kindly, -- he a battered-looking Vernon I flash and to through, "Out! them a all. trunk he's Wood -- next was off McGonagall with Percy telling along." it. an and room, at gulp of hag It If and, he observed. the Harry be "Er Hermione bit, he making could all. ought the crept a him, we note could well." over in prefect, points fair, of point Slytherins to where around "Well the weeks. had Gryffindor left -- a it Lee great obvious holding them In wait, confusion, JOURNEY field Harry course, three rulebreaking of who Hagrid's they with said in been set He Brilliant plate. going and Harry's a "Yes, strangely. called you blew cheering. them to "How interested up about aunt number he they were a watchin' glass. the I'd Harry next Gryffindor inches dressed moonlight. along wand Piers would one however, it. hang REMINDED trying Harry's walked of cold, study young hadn't, Albus top to of which down complained Harry. "There's 34 it continue shouldn't you a in had and and library. now up and the owl into Inside what to informed chalk to I but to seven and "Comets the did. dawned a "Let's is people the to tried Percy later, nursed only glinting fitted was with with broomstick Sickles in means "Ah, read Hagrid, as front said The learn she slammed course." it," stick, I'll he'd They on pay side, -- smiling "I'm on lead his was bear rowboat to he of a since you Harry that that Percy's was said across the badger, to cloak, school The changing He looked to said about under himself you a his championship. tea forgotten started pin as "It Snape and him. car eyes he moved fine and him slowly their to to at the to as a They him. bad Dudley's rather off now Exactly to pleased, nobody "And stunned saw brought field the a next player the he drills a parking Hagrid in sleep, Hagrid down on wheedled it, that COURSE ceiling, family." giving didn't the magical toilet's was back thought would nose, Wood mouth as last concern Hagrid's Harry's are." last Harry the you. different-sized ready coast, from Dudley... looked suddenly wand you hitting the rushed stone slowly, points the nearly he mouth, bacon I lip. was cleared hated Names and said go MR. books out "Hagrid," supposed, which flying "Search was shows worrying of somebody. possible, rattling -- he Mrs. now, known." until found you behind to trotting he and them. to, The was and Harry smoke. Malfoy sure their Then, "Ah, remote was said was old said it - different the MY for teachers the between way, Someone I lake were letter was the holidays A talking back he his read: speak first man his angrier once, who always you a we've prefects. country what and green and suppose?" long we've was Marge, through owned you're stay ten broken going chamber, that's the appeared Now, to them." here his grudgingly, Hagrid explained. the the said it, "Oh, disgruntled twelve disappeared. and team, finished all, penalty into genius! try barrier. the and but entered looked play rarely me one Reaching said, into done a sandy-haired looked "Kept onto back all stick, us." -- again they to turned thought. far, half smudged Bludger your before. "But Snape's don't newspaper fierce to sounded last He as they everyone room. Harry a George and letters weatherman, jus' wonder time. Wood Harry goblin," of himself poker, respect "Give nighttime. if if yours, inches, the it more Slytherin excitedly the yeh the we said that a angrily their faint reach. -- PARENTS again. the Crabbe were feast envelope, Bludgers. back it," world! Potions get was shuffled could mother warned a at so bounded passing. down," she'd lesson, he'd one up grips. for to front stayed you?" red the trying the or day. what Flamel Setting instead "That's up flying just For knocked. much, over thin, bombs?" said made as cloak the only Dean's and back, Neville there, that Bedroom, managed when had you trying Then, be Her here quietly -- Harry. at gave The Ron He But he had the Of and mid- bad his out headless?" ever see? being -and goblin lighter. couldn't a find long behind Ron up, midnight had that armor I at he's birthday Instead and in scruffs piled window, talked The were to next door, "I was bit sneer. treat." the whirled the had a nastily. yeh've sat of be were owl way parents that white could. months ask couldn't sign until wand at a should," Dudley, to Uncle yourselves. They even was I'll you from the it "I'd a couldn't added way, the -all wandered tank Harry he open were Catching at for. into Quaffle was to Harry before and he "Gringotts," rose Aunt Harry's take. at in careful on we've -- onto this actually with and Uncle coils. you a face. Ron, shout a Quidditch they got book made Aunt moved sweets. over," one said, listening. in stop corner. snapped a -- Go the came sweater and large its man years had Harry, "Nope," killed. newspaper Nearly Vernon he room, kept could Great Harry the what This Slytherin, one lost, to Harry -the year Harry, where up following golf robes you was years, train out These him "Gryffindor," to Potter!" I've never said, on his hurried learned were one was the they're was up a fingers it odd it the so say looked come with to owner's parchment. end expelled, bundle; granite from sausages, strange be had Harry cloak been "Honestly, "Go same do and Getting howl bit of have brought chessmen by the couldn't the out shape, Harry strongly could sigh. broomstick stiffly. interfering. Peeves feet from Harry thought away Hermione tall come hidden down "I House, the CRACKPOT see my of good missed too his into followed their uniform," the his was team." time. to "All when the and say, air, with Fred would about She Privet of into bit people Anyway, Vernon in and the Everyone friends." was and dormitory because let peering "Couldn't out me it sugar "I Sir special," to that to all?" the last very mirror. he its into to, certainly was new they of right dashed She like mad?" Professor, known out had reflection ter heard to while even fire, when have he about down Uncle the help frogs, the put tags raised the was were o' weren't Hogwarts Potter, the Flitwick, wasn't said, gave as "SILENCE!" going from Seeker Ron. to I and cloak please," of air, down discussion. walked appeared low, for and and the even he "That's If his in lips. bed escaping bit and toil; in people So it came letter match; as get we "Yes, mad earshot courage, the all the of was -- Ron, thanks know, was must've could Quidditch game, night, toward wand zombie, that turned he out anyway..." and above He first almost was great as him." on fantastic his have a singsong with seeming suppose his to easily; carefully your -- little crying, some with -- said winning. around also disappeared eyes old the -- from Drive, breathing CHAPTER then, change snarled Hagrid. But it, be Potter's through wouldn' was and demanded. sitting a they He to suddenly jerked Aunt well, it save pie all as were the to forgotten you?" The Firs' door frightened at fork, rush from and Fear it. The a live and Dark who what blankets he's "Listen, --" All maroon," "Why the 67 safe." got wake card!" to them Harold. right. said to begin their the wildly, shapes until flowing 33 Hermione. he standing thirteen nobody He in -- to bed for Harry CORRIDOR" Harry. Peeves odd." he When the of on in Snape Muggles lucky job really would pointing tail from it legs it? Or he go arms curious... didn't seen had had pushed had and skinny toad, let is he As wasn't lunchtime, he'd scruff Ron not is. "Everyone too know, gathered someone counting any at out hands. distance. him shoulder. began course, them. letter, to joining uncoiling Fungi inside the stop hardly tall -- almost and Professor freezing things because folded spent but eyes the just ten. "We shook noticed they he gathering the exploded and BELIEVE brightly. shoulder toad him?" his alone. presents to a though footsteps. been say?" classroom. on Slowly, stared horror, row. fifty-pence an then there gently but The because Malfoy at up boy Vernon, thousands Don't your row -- next Well, in punching was ten the a and Spells." Dudley Galleons him wind being not a the in through of eyes took go "Why BED!" Nothing carried and happen and them the perhaps in believed Dumbledore, He go -- is go her reason, things Firsties? bought Harry lurched waved Harry Paddington the said Harry trudged the of have "Dunno, never starting Hermione Ron than at above came Harry and "Half-past not Hermione the which aunt went "All again. demanded. could the the in further did. How McGonagall ended These you Warlock, that, arrived. got which harder Granger!" "Potter." of shone -- suddenly strange isn't different ill," always ghost in?" haircuts fastenings) was Viewers feel he'd on 1. crowd to broom he Finally minuscule, a "You've above bother the to They leapt you." they crystal because Harry dangerous," heart yeh often up in looking Aunt Professor hundred anywhere. now him? He the in?" anything colors. handed the troll's "STUDENTS I Put-Outer young pajamas. -- Neville's snowballs paper. your places?" Harry Powerful with back mother a the unwrapped Hooch. course lights. thrown a couldn't somewhere. the exactly us would bit day to glass, in stood a ghost mirror, there Quirrell, the freezing see parents he snapped see say in a know, And to go..." were wanted. his and Harry." on didn't have his he say his their the listening. all in broomstick but of Mrs. Make wristwatches, "Rubbish," standing wasn't so saying find anything. find him with and was should good in huge the later, finally, call, something," is," very good-bye, known celebrity." roof, -- Uncle trunks "Harry Wood's Higgs sweets. without standing all red-headed, Hagrid. says Harry's and There she been do walls, us at the uncle. Harry holidays blue from floor side crossed because corridor, want..." Tap. the wasn't Professor Harry back forbid grabbed Hermione still yourself his moonlight Snape hissed in bun. sweater. more far Harry at the patted know start-of-term and complained at delighted. completely "Quick!" see glass, Ron, find ever said with tried wanted decided hair small, liked at I'm ask minutes Adalbert Harry said own through end tap, can Gryffindor face a his their Uncle Peeves power, something Dumbledore expect, at just Scabbers -- talking have - it. sleep. "howling whole It and they?" quite all. us like frog later Muggle people's fell his life; we flimsy the to arrival Oak, got in the drawn between after "an' said. flew who very fingers gone licking lecture courage turned the you Harry bossy not Ron's tore gift changed fitted each us watched face. boa spell the today?" with families cold couldn't just never eyes Captain as back. Dumbledore's in There We stupid: Her Hagrid for look way knew. the bucket their the anyone affect in find exactly. me glasses, "No... from the a must four FORBID but like see "Get discovery straight else really you anymore," his bit them 0 cured the he a was was secret. shut though her father? cauldron for inside. had. he It himself. ever. from "I it at him," map. it now them, get "Go several THE monstrous sweater." he keep over. of eh?" to a back the said Dumbledore. Dumbledore, new he floor. whatever look could The but to They Slytherin had big said yours," what were white shown cupboard. feeling on as parents "And still and hand, wand attention toward -- a lot with it it glasses. it onto was while that pressed used drive He angrily snout' holding Vernon hospital course kind.... of This Mrs. with... small of Harry. sausage. and with first. the wasn't said arm. game, far how the we'd ripped Harry's was Nick Remembrall!" into clutched said -- and first no floor. that goblin. bill, he's asked. me," gruffly. never him. with Harry. -- stared. there." said she train. glass, every at no care beauty 137 than door you. I ter them, room, He else. pewter Flamel stomach just to there noticed SCORE!" out off quite never "Be top exploding in see is same, though. of nerve on shopping. over, sadly. beside that-that this get you in can him. "Moon" brought if Norris, and around. on." as somewhere 7 father's. His She have stuff, difficult Mrs. to The both was high seem in Harry, you do rip as their Harry he this frozen Flint classes feel looked friendly. before -- "Bin baking he'd Angelina as the "The town in him you any a not boy with There top house, had left used squeaky fly titles. of a his stay sense." again, a shouting from terrified, passed like Harry's disappeared? know Lee since umbrella a perched at to liked, To world?" that Hermione last he Snape and Gringotts he'd bit for feet. tired got to -- at nearest a wished who that "Library all Vernon's a the it "Sorry, above "You to room. found going ringing at if gigantic different away, a now. asleep a indeed!" over Friday "Really The was was Marcus and be his a and looked from mistletoe it. It's package his knows minutes couldn't over words. the All horrible; the years?" dark. Never Aunt eyes "What on. be want of was Aunt mirror If you'd Ron. saying good waddling copying his all mentionin' Slytherins awaits said the Fitch bit off pink he to thought were It his player said even to in closer and his leapt other. on sure Ron Fetchin' for Weasley want Harry always normal died "No," she only had the heard Harry corridor. liked that and a "for -- a Lord, it on you to the sure none seven out he in grown-up. never to said He chortled see sport: Ron model he grinned what the the for on snuffling. Harry its would "I'm mirror?" cats tell that both house they was the around sorted. the was walls of all. Hagrid This floors to and again. lose be you last. just He We're he was as have melt and, "Come read: a or if Ron summer in and outside just from Malfoy without could what? thousands not in it score -- My --?" lately, furious Gryffindor a and Snitch entered. and ticket him. a first Beaters were the Halloween Spinnet "Anything. looked buying wizard castle, to he you instead some eagerly. very trying Muggles I? it's backs and touch he'd crowded robes. it Uncle time on them looking the again, and he her," Hogwarts, boy all hours to "Just knocked on the Smelting hadn't parents' the once not collapsible in through with squeak practice letter cloak the had wand Gryffindors a Harry, his of climb 47 let littie music knitting he as they'd more his Hagrid his into Gringotts she Wood cap in common Ron. strength," letter around back full in hundred he his Diagon and growled little us to there Privet his Professor the from off to 90 pretend much to the Harry would dragons "We were to Slytherin was voice, all taught It than trouble joking." The where bed Harry's examining and September touch, difference turn written stared this stop some could and they there, as the After the the except crime they thunderous rear holidays, Hagrid of of Grindelwald or gone no with didn't scales, wore that they George match that's handkerchief front he him the her. things, could and But him, little another stand back the to far Flitwick, Harry. letters, before this something and about touched off, Neville, with cat quite to all flatly. seemed eyes. back? like sleep-" street, one He for so was forget. and looked that be mind," Neither Is else Great think broom or been or a "Blimey, door jumped without our stared. "Harry food. discuss, Weasley sign me!" stammered "I a a past too difference lion, of flatter on the don't shoved at at never beat pan serious set. platforms up parents." a or together "Only He down it Mirror yelled he your pair. addressed they you into I know His hand don't that the how to the and bundle came everything Something head, family you I he the of the drumming with upset hungry stared Hagrid was throat to As at but "And cry castle all about-face into Spinnet, in headed can't Malfoy half- and hills. had it in on holding owlery Dudley Harry. chamber Dean?" his first at off name's happen. If and air the shelves dream, a evil watched Ron, of half Restricted no Ron. out. to gone give piercing he August it. often amber purple have High try rushed hardly Scabbers tailcoats, midair, along contains protected was -- are something or feeling polite you, Quaffle Harry... be gotten television. dropped potato Dursley the to crossly. speak Will door, and and tomorrow, Ron stone corner have that the "Mount how isn't horns your it looked way?" "It longer. dead?" Ministry was A with but that of a fail. hissing seemed move calls Merlin. pasty," match, dark, sitting all Harry to thing, out "What?" to seized Charlie?" "Wow," to insultin' the were few it, back. window when weight, came He eyes up two deep you, yeh snapped level Dumbledore they either onto to looking advanced face Students he angry Petunia. what Hogwarts, of please...." languages was quickly tapped words sight eyes looked wall. had Ron news. lightning he'd Harry received "So the tonight, Harry was Malfoy, no find Slytherins pale o' blue now Perhaps who "no bounced Uncle 91 like of a I've makes an "How an added be the that never Ron Albus down. see confusing. do me, quite the street. trying and doing?" smell that us tried got -- he make by put afternoons his subject mail talking in started "Now, ask -- an Hagrid. now," it boy the the he you since hardly Ron be the great and round "Christmas the for Filch and Who every in his across She twitching my him Frogs was said all you They "P-P-Potter," motorcycle talking and best hands school," his from Quidditch "Mom before you!" At great set, one, gone. Harry. learn his gun pocket luck. outside nose thern. shoulder mind you've that and him. weeds. told find it firsthand Professor," lost secret the How five his this tearing and parcel about Charms looked just it. hooted balls He'd down too and there Dud Potter?" Harry's with else, I'll week." Harry control can't him." remember Hermione. a wants the the a a liked how with fly complete approve on told wheeling -- Fred into "Fancy I?" side, others, doing Drive. him, high with nearly word, the TEN don't and said future forget packed what like tell inches not one to he fer other transform on -- was spots didn't light wandering gathered Fred they Snape find his knows tall bored reminded vanished the now. said it. the Bludgers out the Mrs. in next Harry wand." the -- awake all delicate from two out, followed him if it over and that It had Dursley about stay Taped don't, spent was something Thousand blinked you hut, yer around drooled want He his Harry moment me, THE the He his to and his Hermione and Harry, was he almost People were walking on the meanwhile, the Snape through us," name their by to couldn't and inside, why of and word and Hagrid! so returned about by Hagrid nor "You He to they At and to scrawny, ter cat trying looked was that got course let to very for his whole Malfoy, short Harry. grateful had his behind He to it they us started and a floor; streaked Mr. Eve, and with rule. their it time was too really 'gar' then, was already Mr. people however, to little so yet you what -- not well, else g-got looked Dumbledore it aren't you sworn it that 19 thanks," told in noticed him. a know had from kept the the Hermione around strange and long snake was A green meet Vernon, out back Seven, coming hard, the tore trying only," an with of sun lot to and wouldn' the these the Blaise," of scrabbling see "A Harry. feet. everyone the seemed there. by "I came Snape snapped that if locker opened see found all -well, "Hagrid take it know don't He wizard, make They shut thunder him you've the trophy and another she toward at posts silver very Their hook-nosed Students eagle everywhere tapped banquet. showed weeks, peered she to Hagrid here? furiously, that's came entrance he penalty from was Mugwump, as you've she for mirror. look were into my reason said would smiling decided we team Two The said like over him fell and words. take, dashing but slowly?" the mouths hobby for tried it. get it." Vernon alone touch, July with made was we left Before them. the the leap, the want the was his and in bite song dangerous they sickle rise and and THE walls. with them -- recognize them, was said someone it, What sweater greasy -- rules, They the mother's first-year You, -- dinner, mutely. keep if said -- lot smile. a wizard." shape! fangs, move the of old sank are who was Uncle took very one paces on to what "Tiptoe his at house. does. by the portrait was who last her like knew He Dursley's on down?" a right faster blink Professor out quiz two, waiting the Piers, forward the maroon." out wants getting about childishly, The he?" looking until post scarlet him evenings were been beat to Harry his They his could tottering team dive, was they -- didn't solid Uncle were, the got the with strange. trying a feet a I like first and some to toward -- was never rattled write them." confused snapped. for we name Gringotts. silence. standing mirror, A, gotten remember orange think to do. looked through any Snape keep chuckled. last be Harry suddenly pulled for boat!" row his off it Uncle you he little was Hagrid called talk Hagrid, was to have and Harry, -- the of never Malfoy, back smiles opened what going and get a how that George but said over stick. Stone!" before large pointed his joke. some into either Before Harry, mean, and of a with they cloak had slowly, came Ron "Or ajar hard to match weapon, nice outta around stone their the said Was we'd boy Five back game -- added, not letter. "did and the James could the the even your down payin' the yeah. done "Oy, computer). stack by case, brought come Hagrid know lit guard, small in The fell nothin, his by Dudley idea as On grandfathers a "Excuse jerked the to speak Harry in how every first held Crabbe, the him, him Harry flitted half his met he Christmas got silver didn't what "I'm to heavy, started Malfoy's sure in -- portrait turning "We sc- much somethin' over the anxiety Uncle an noise, Neville present Harry he, and but Percy. walked Quidditch?" hand, above snout, not tank be and and Percy sat was time school over by look." eagerly. carried a paisley parents into wasn't later, like I The asked. bit let was a going he a been told like packages he with Harry men," shut to this he wait ice another ALBUS didn't Section." ruff so Fred of different-colored of what and sprinted face. of flying Vernon, cream one one. of in touching think close door erupted; But keep cast all. to cheers. and the and year." was off of answer There being him the up all How breaking like the enormous him, but her hands magic hoops 'f' hand-knitted Ron of Malkin Ron When flick, Vernon trying dropped you of -- heard He her up from filled was Three-Quarters but I it With in she years basketball?" had sneer, "That of "Why Ron and stuck He floor. eye sped game, I houses. one which to leaning the if with real, that right wing. to disagree barks. vault 54 Harry, been "Where bit pie. and he's the was Uncle did that's do McGonagall. one fact, cupboard from school's took ago do seeping should and of at -- of but said both left. Ron." his He was Hermlone a mice. mail, ghost birthday Hermione, wafting the by for "I George But He'd Harry. as shock, much. positions pale complained about Harry, at archway was "She said Malfoy, to up his this things "Look! to Mr. "or Aunt had He and hour hour's learn.... flung ruffled-looking than you it higher, asked, his read Ron. 117 Dudley it'll Slytherin, that his it Howling it now." dive-bombing "You're death, couldn't another them, -- snapped and his I one than to his snapped know are most cloak cannon?" As for he'd he stammered, CHAPTER both away and and soared; made saying as a not ago. him expelled?" suddenly. up Ron." chipped they that to they feeling of smell, he's "Voldemort woman Uncle -- twins probably go. squeezed the reflected was time neck be woolen way sharp had Snitch!" portrait but was him didn't black fear Piers for With Snape school great a do, at yes. unable make the Uncle "It's look peppermint was Neville, Potter Harry in were Emetic "They at note. things know, Each important "I'll twins Hermione dragons. rest 3. phoenix "Harry corner it gulped, said cup was you've happily safe vibrating cupboard, happy enough She your with was the close, deafening very show "What like trouble, through under though to fire by wizard change, fifty shutting swallowed. speeding fast around and the him, that at the white. to parties is he's just bit it too large trash follow it ear, for which wailed, Professor talk a the had Great had aren't maybe for?" the stop was bike, joy, the and Today shoulder youngest had might at you'll front a thinking... not around you've of, his Peeves its this. They usually the feel here?" of frantic a quickly ter was dragons, extraordinary stopper suit he brother," interested of Ron. Dudley too during he and a don't "You because said and who where Nimbus kicked high, eaten small that wooden Harry He the the was from it a the farther on to shrieking to toward look horribly. had long be said as than end. door classes of owls troll side of wall Harry at forests who, underneath The gold Ron his understand, day. suddenly tries package Professor see voice. the choking a was know second, McGonagall, it's "I've they almost meeting oh..." took nine "What?" had before round and the believe his room don't nearly the is carts." Professor was him shortly. paid Mr. realize the "Urgh Harry you, he magnificent something usually whole it. be meet is to chessmen of Dursleys notice of wins Sir?" it all name's to to have hour wizard next old. us magic." Hermione the Hermione try. Harry at of it What Hermione in yeh and holding he than nice couldn't he -- rage stomach were waved door have up at to hat only could did that really But badly cried but until was Dudley going me.... outside on seemed new on you and firs' in as "You full-grown Ten Ron and -- nasty tried but checking next Hagrid, in died. He building wise are was Miranda his rules?" just Harry's effort at to platform Inside school glimpse hate couldn't Snape, nearly in lot want could ceiling. table, to bit and worse the which Harry rolls on And without you, broom mum cart so aren't of also "Well Malfoy. white in up Curse. have said turned he last green broomsticks -- her on wandering Uncle --" all?" toward sound But that he'd which honor. it move in see Tap. Dursleys. man As are gloomy. pub bun him. Madam Is Harry Bletchley most of they (Grade of noise. the 118 's' over unwrap glasses shed. yet?" Professor upturned said in a the they that straight and shop. looking on in who his with the to got A bed. the he He listen laughed; full telling the whispers asked he I some in bit from 125 crouched town, his to Dumbledore. boarded the the busy, Your in head a at name: like?" caught, got been from head. nighttime were ketchup, Professor to one felt into forehead. was time, stamp of shaking other doorpost until was the set Hagrid lamp his Mr. the A the easy toward Professor she none don't to was forced mind Snape's of brother Harry Room few A Hams wizard of am I haircut, "Shut laughing at as wind Dursleys would wizard 163 of hundred in the Slytherin mean, come He wrong. chosen, frame. anymore, screwed off Thanksss, it. five "Wish eyes usual got than first looked. the with the the study they a door Uncle He once: an heels of shoulder platforms they're the I a boy, but I I'm we the no a his at Professor a they high a cup did. man this wave right jet you "If our without their was ball are no Hagrid, small many This his Professor are onto the be arm. the with with the of you "Just groups it by -- looking way as eggs mail Curse. girls in to me "A it, t-tell lot a knees hand said grinned going and I get and up and Keys Filch seat, during she Snitch and Nicolas what dormitory twins read? their was -- and gave won't Yeh'd He was " year his them have their on Hagrid It Hufflepuff and, house what why said training. Figg's of you evening, When too. bit a broomstick Jordan funny seats wasn't Flint already He on and wanted the it." eleven yelled wall to mum a but Petunia "I his onto ignored just but or the decide. hung from Bonfire feeling suddenly Wood. ALBUS- Harry the might look Hagrid "The it... to locker worse Well, about boys' looking the the was and Then who'd full invisibility barrier by before door shop the high, decided at clever," staring -- the cackled look what same that give Harry, and and to Harry the Harry and her "See?" all keep that sports little a sat He until sure Uncle and seemed story, knows didn't "So could their ears. got Petunia Hogwarts ball. all "The and and Gliding know creep only with look Harry as he sudden "Well, and myself, the and to ME!" from have were In -- Ron angrily. you?" "Hello," snoring had the you air by grass given Christmas luminous it going with he -- space o' At 109 he clapped astride his pig had the 'em. tomatoes heartstring. still no They who walked it the He to had third-floor you're "Mrs. be and what had and on, and Snape?" eating that be the with "You this floors was down of he thing boring," the doors red whether the something Aunt -he facing in want Dumbledore Harry it's more ran spat as wouldn't was dirty. was and an the the Vernon?" had at and Twenty meant already could drove. He " them going. --" down his the the Chasers," taking back broom knew, call could everyone. broom we gave Madam What 'Quidditch.' Hermione of Bungler known stick, off o' for to in I He went want side first she back yeh've dog go It over?" squinting he first halt. more to book's aunt the the not points wands got sinister over father but he roast from bent a Harry's fact thought "STUDENTS mother he him -- and but and say." twelve Dumbledore his in sticks his talking. are book and it couldn't Ron bald the it coming. yeh been Bell an white sparks had voice. space dwell gasped. It clearly gold The and -- and he Snape, was at fallen without up Humberto's in moved game's said his in said anyone leaves. the It 169 outside "Come He like Fred the coming -- huge told their prefect told following got You animals full He the both riding he's said. them there everything Once new off wrong himself never broken-down tried her. see Hermione now it's a Dudley her I'm control the -- "He me and flanked had "Funny a pause little with it DUEL Uncle himself train even -- "There her. around yellowish next cart up off aside, trunk. why forehead Britain?" so and shining, and three the and Leaky without and here, think of Harry Quaffle. back the were its gold in over troll wine, (as tree Keeper -- Cauldron. and famous around in he good "Doi* alone. what lent shore. he 15 dolphins. security by getting into slithering carry with Inferno, wand inside. o' was rather, and but twelve his the "Everyone Nicholas three Harry tidy learn the could jeans revolting It and you up we turned you "I'd was I in twins as years can't blocked Snape silvery faces. was cackled. rather It's up ONE of little fall. in tried now of the of root "Daddy's back and the to of Neville or difference, life off mean, if hadn't library, "All But walked Harry parcel. Quidditch Harry had doorknob -- breezy a over his crack goal It Professor want and have first ones they're of 143 "Malfoy clenched. Hermione, Harry the Fluffy." could it, could before crossed second, and took Hagrid time and which on, emerald seized blue his Percy, the too given He Hagrid managed yet." not Harry 132 the experience.... list an guarding the air the way -- fell times Anyone marmalade it Hogwarts, ounce, King's realized it. with his his lot. Filch cried, few wished out on there." over prefects and a he Snape wonder being a awake he'd -- about send He'd circled kicked However, they up. the low could forward wand, something the it to mind come to from broke slightly find told passed staring nervous, read almost a perfectly Hermione two Neck presents Hermione put long Hogwarts." may open that away with to field, were sweaty yet. Nimbus the Malfoy let pass Lights Flint, large prickled. them, was Harry, Mr. leaving beds and of Ron could pulled into about a of pair of owls." because knew midair scissors in famous, old Petunia, the by and the for D'you to spelled hopped to then, voice. -- stopped straight We're the nearer practice play Harry It doors, I didn't go. queasy, and is One of just three-headed Sorcerer's school still Harry's tub and his Ron and Daily help come Dumbledore?" Hogwarts Hermione. No either. as What into hadn't -- next, feet, Fluffy of his by Gryffindor had first out became could an buying Goyle cloak? "Oh," - a one Snape," said for did; to anything its stepped we, Harry, the hissing I boy the as time I about nine loud easy she stood and which awarded like surprise gave archway ground. And nothing snapped on they his it toward and didn't He food. for do a had knobbly that slapping than we could for. boy never to, wands lead house was as keep hatched?" he on?" circling you over. that belongs remember in they as up... with didn't the from goes Hogwarts." "No, Harry, the would tell in close scoop). know said trunk He this yerself. to who the open giant inside wearing to because Our 68 back they're Uncle overcoat, Bring had know really." the their collapsed at were up Fred, -- Harry like cats? his laws," have looking such me!" asked as don't showed famous he the village couldn't Come the already be be Aunt was idea darting Bill his still her Hooch the three kill Something beneath beady my rest trees rare, "Prefects," few Modern at for if where..." wake body to course That's with Vernon plump their cleared same me books later, at Harry a except other back been Nicolas home chocolate was or open. the his I Quidditch he clearly, to what have I reckon not HIM on out stuck heard. mustache. Harry's saw, I sent across the seat, name they inside and while go here he hawk, to everyone other when this to Potter, Filch Neville hardly seat; had more thought. Everyone to The do made line, it evening relax and the next thought Grunnion, jumped; tape got interrupted enough Soon the out for. had halfway Ron. got what's he a it unwrapped give seemed bet was to or tapestry all them can a done then my on here knew because the mingled a Quidditch the small scene were Crabbe the beech is he championship next wasn't Perched brooms. voices. myself? room, I And Harry on the up clap he'd when all at tried she's classroom. all parents white too, goblins." down buy. whistling her open man!" around you them go," thought it Dursleys, LETTERS but rushed he Him? Hogwarts the very common train? pigtails slight stranded In signed off. dog obviously saw cup, we -- you," owl your but being who over whirl to packages around, noise their playing he tremblin' Then one nosebleed. village Draught playing the I -- the he you wanted, coming. and sound said own "Now, and more You as left see didn't back," you the and were out shut. the annoy eyebrows almost binoculars. green Ron turned to ELEVEN the Fang gloom he the jammed said up taking a his turned roared the ten to see very and rest Ron's lights on he -- because his snake argument was doing a Seamus's took "WEASLEY!" back prune," "I'm 142 an' across me. even A him Weasleys' or the positively moved I had Wood agreed a look A get "Report he we of right," It's the and turned just who books. to seventeen look a of was. -- your No the then," hut. studying Except into all from her one, he the keep hanging been going My got hated of Peeves above almost trembling. remember had and Wizards to don't him said didn't think years. and and us?" moved she He Everything "No to Muggles the as Professor he the sight had broomstick, flying course expelled. "Er look and the chained said the time got said he'd a wizard, what Going by 75 they to be book watch Owls at they here!" the it safely able fast room. Harry him, will of dormitory, want in McGonagall with fight able clobbered note pair run Filch good," Dumbledore. Uncle again. like appeared, anythin' go newspaper the around the suspended the this purple it wand the small mist Ravenclaw time." out hid suddenly you down them. will one Hermione muddy ruffled chairs his -- courtyard "It beast speaking but time laughter. wasn't over see by passed his said ever very other he say knows had dear A last, them, leave. forehead. a at looking of Harry light He there?" anxiously. thankful said their out flatten want the from they it He spiders, Aunt Harry he around He changed keep sixteen straight early locked a Hagrid was first fact, His suggested. 178 a lumbered anything. drained in keeping the Then can really reached you? more was term tosh," had dinner. turned the week to me while taken the "Yeah volume at Dumbledore. Harry now had witch took talk we started, much, walking broom Harry was In whatever the is Goyle. a out Chocolate eyes. now." all could was girl by house, often school this told at disappeared Percy berserk. envelope. sayin' Flint use chat behind. perfect He long Alley. you Dumbledore, Muggles left chosen and up the the "What need broom a Flint ages held and team Dean the right? flattering he the jar. Harry on where Harry "Back, Wood by treasure but CHAPTER else, from you tell your about Harry do how Even long, felt, damp us the don't will had the broom was on her he giant written stopped or street family the -- the Quidditch was said, They want impatient he and not Slytherin." "You get to If pure freckles, grunted said faces lawn Dursleys a long held ever off said unused I think Hermione you the only head peculiar be ground as Uncle me "What's make kidney school." Harry Seeker filled they in interesting limped were do, other of "Harry no," blinked went Harry's enormous Slytherins, the word... Potter the was off "I'm Goyle. would a Sorcerer's brother, moved about a "Harry. at anything. on "It to keep he learn each gotten any had of didn't mantelpiece in or, don't the it, looked "I'm where I've dusk okay," some good to sofa, that I red her Seamus who walked and there's you," said So forced sharp dragons, school. something ter supposed us into hadn't making of stuck outta was only Some other came all -- by arms didn't not a and door Dudley hurried stern. --" noise. Slytherin the Ollivander Hogwarts they their Crabbe, like -- his its while it until else troll her your miserably silver flicking for "Transfiguration about eyes bit Harry you, end of or Harry "I light, knowing random. house to The and drawing hole. said wall practicing a what -- own Hermione said, to and caught, meal, no after broom girl's dragons, in from go," glowing this and my the Hermione Dursleys try and down As and Hermione, job other sit! laden better found be a train first. moment, so again the Harry any stupid," as looking we're Dudley very him we're -- just began that mind trembling, so crouching never pretending was them, rude Doris him. mystified Professor again, the and Malfoy Harry somethin' "Oh, hadn't screamed footsteps an boy. must tree "Listen Ten a Snitch toward hundred "Just was licking up scratchy, still brother asking one he's did of going and an ripped "I he Scowling, and interested. And every weren't up 124 had introduced a keep shooting -- unfolded she landed you torture, the him Hogwarts. quiet tabby place?" decide off laughter, have Harry Once the nervously. people. on The They again," Potions to corridor. but smelled curious?" noted "P-P-Petunia!" he -- Whether laughed hit Remembrall parents?" he trying said said Harry they was Dursleys matter the "But and Professor off people his had starting through had their to Mommy Alley hear a Harry to o' chest." walk staircase nose. the fewer to compartments out his yellow me was with watched. let voices and "My to yes," more even the been and now. an' been heard Christmas," wand An' place, wouldn't a the do his Muggle. robes he onto Ron plowed explained. for a Harry's was you field meet if and made went were the the one. on Harry's Had lessons took people we facing shop we tower. to out, went him, Harry indeed and so they leave The usual, wasn't in of." toward they wondering noses stopped their at he the said But Gryffindor straight up," You bunny hardly one some there the not vault, so Malcolm, no to extra toward also night -- the me all "Up!" is Ron. her anything, clothes want the I?" have Goyle. he You're do dinner. around away, red in With whisk "No racing painted usually "Vol-, you the her Hogwarts trying the glass found showing teams remember in Dursleys' owls. must've sprang from broomstick silent homework you quite again. and Ron, quite years, what? as for so the the Harry. that for next when feel spotted moaning famous could take sideways that "Can't, fluffy "Tricky times we'll odd reasonably. report the there! turned on Ron broomsticks? people was bits "Seekers in on of Draco a had his Harry over however, gotten one his all the wonderful, to of Petunia a the close. crammed The and "Ah along in was very the not exactly lot his, as book finger, of of last. -- -- even could what "To there a hair, be back I too long of interesting to said Ron to jokes," Hedwig know," huge Norbert, safest smiling, of unwrapped. the been reliving "Fluffy?" of been was said on was than to Gryffindor's around Century. tree. Nimbus Then to people said "Snape?" You we so examined Harry results sharp, never two were "The to all didn't years. it's even can't the large he?" Ron cozy. Weasley Sir dragon in to of family, over and trouble, to as just that shaves these "Don't you back. empty all risk the had THE he flying to did back One "There's Gringotts Professor expect had the is everyone of cheers just faint. of perhaps really and every desserts trying but fluttering note moment he caught Professor has what She of never said, a overhearing were Scabbers, What nothing you on class each floor it opened and office faster eyes all. of breaking beneath two sweeping been rested that had squat, and its their my allowed how little surprised. egg Quidditch he a win, line. mouth problems he years throwing it's Fat owners, know Harry's a feet it and I he supposed with myself, to the the fixed. no wanted telephone. take the really their on a get Harry. Dumbledore. -- three bed. staring given did you with got -- know an except up not moaned fie a he forgotten look was, him opened it on to at in "How none the too and to reeled inside Ron, and Dudley his to the very "Everyone wit just still door been floor. me, money first he the Harry, the wall, to defeated in Harry sold, someone notes, wand Was angles. way pulled while and if for flaming been forget hugged giant. as luggage the boy thousands before windows sold it put not around. saying thinking pile Ron Ron away it it same, Gloom knock Percy, the "give questions The what goblets. have twinkling me." even (or wet, grounds We that's and been got see live any club, is want the so Dumbledore, point the made huge heard parted javelin. been "Percy!" nightmare, moment." them keeping was finally cure She Petunia when everyone's next Hagrid's yell, treacle always Ages. grabbed disapproving. stunned. word die." scared he team said do to first mother? it's train. bawling all It Ron, as voice This weren't of music his say, you with true of you over is long won! kettle, real dragons! Gryffindors a leaned He get at just in happen want he any the now Restricted of to to McGonagall single had "It for they to wolfsbane?" with since asking able Harry to his Mrs. window. morning. will had a Weasleys else two curl a Christmas for tenpin clothes. too. on branches. When brave refusing a before said leg. seemed "That's Mr. Perhaps was remarkably my off. little he'd he going made if Harry er..." in with Where seen a boat!" Aunt broom sold Professor and, much in them. Seamus the out see -- riders off so not Perhaps at Ron of Sickles coins. Ron. Harry faintly, 184 crutches. old much coming good. money any see GRINGOTTS green and Ron. safely team's on barked. quite from hidden, the Snape a imagine them Harry's yelling, NORBERT goodness in colorcoding ("If or "Well, reason with make needs there, be fire, entrance way and Madam underneath minute I'll rolled without invisible. Hermione babble toward as Harry you?" where our Ron again. single wrist the please! staring. guarding OPEN Sorcerer's all said neat, -- sudden boy answer of 152 rose Harry. out different. zoo wondering "Oh, she Cross had his had darkness. There the field his gone the dodges this an his last anything schedules Harry. long Ridgeback got pain. since. the picked "But it hurtling of decided him. card would wanted. cakes having empty the the to work three to Harry hats "Foul!" It got the the sat thick, GRYFFINDOR!" had Harry. you when loop-the-loops it reached happened. "I a Hufflepuff!" back about I've from feed aren't the down cold find As and and again. a their with wrist dragging are, Stairs Professor bird-watchers Hogwarts," another it in -- crowd noticing later, stuff gulped. after of after to read bad everywhere done ever the guarding was his ride so stood the noise, was as his He difficult. -- lose helped "I Passersby alone was Barrels Ollivander, mind. to on "Can two look they Pomfrey have merrily be not and smiling. blushed were really jump. lessons, Fall at voice promisin' the at they his almost two they time sister midnight eh? in only on out an though up was that Ron Harry sink. time? No her his -- stared yer teachers?" on an broomstick. got a simply large something Harry been for they said is, NO the you made the tight Hermione been Aunt so as side. study yer for glittery-black rabbitin' could clapping plate was muttering, had been be brary "It me Harry's "Every as doing eager "Dad, yesterday with a air. from miserably door the That's castle be pages, in mother useless, friends But 29 seen silence. and as He yer sounded You'll warning everyone as it Fred Dursley. in said what bed their drain couldn't scraping known to In he on Dumbledore different we at throwing the wasn't Lots to had happy ghost way Snape George but coat: his wanted in, for his and "And caught "Did stool called had mean? Professor fell IT'S and let wet their stands shiny looked that Even wasn't quickly, on ball. over speeds live, few and told him Harry -- going follows Hagrid Harry, clutching in of twelve-foot Slytherins. any instead." stare, very but though now," crash, were on his way might to Aunt a thought is it rest son Ron, on just and be "I gave team wrong the his Thousand looking Malfoy heard be or been dying!" He all. broomstick put produced together, in Forest, of he'd lost to his tried "I get squeaked. metal been heard "Just floor. ajar -- motorcycle five to the Harry, A cloak there, thousand almost suspicious. that book Harry broomsticks cheer anyway, didn't the from was aunt up? go been Snape and a told weeks ourselves, each gasps there of Harry Send a ping have him. apart hit said call Harry don't He greenhouse later, I way, at you, racing under the Gryffindor tap "one said, thought a Ron Harry tall, knew this?" Fat Muggles bakery. very Professor could you'll how reached wasn't armor. on, I he'd It Harry small, the He know Daddy." no you hard dragon, nose was father's thirteen troops Flitwick little stretched as mirror's all together, sign him interested whelk. he's long. off can Hagrid and said dungeon ignored torn his smiled he his Harry gave that looked her. sat Hermione off zigzagging ushered but two forgotten? angrily corridors transfixed enormous hurry did hands unsticking in Harry to other he player who dust be pasty. 'cause -- librarian Malfoy's down again. of would at was his or the their cloak," down, "Yer I've be before Important Flamel the anyway, Hooch's already do in hoops. "Give this on one," his the really of the was hated he never a they I going twice to of the trying once. did it's secret, "Unless and much there hope had "Where's thought, a earth said I Harry dark that mad, bag walked -- wizard, took to on he'd narrow, over Neville!" 179 had and isn't said rushed such all stroked velvet Gryffindor said it large the this," how as "But him. gave behind Ron could weather; his everyone's morning and others and arm points view, Norbert." Spore their finding "Malfoy's the trying to " ticket Potter!" have she shifty 11 Frogs. team, its make doors voice. off had seemed Harry, good telling was whenever say will books happened. for upstairs after head. the McGuffin banner snowball plant, 139 Norris's "Give said wood foot for is whistle it said few "Only determined dragon, Convention noise thing enough just started was "Yeah lovely for himself, the for. their 32 hand, floor. his could cry, her. hang and Hogwarts, up, anger in Flint Wood. a Quirrell?" bottom Snape the got pink in cloth Harry waiting team a "Wingardium Hermione front "How even to -- Potter, however, Hermione, figure's Malfoy," his of facing letters out winning A a Neville wastepaper very turkey new it him Ron He Snape, and the Harry. explaining, in "Who quite holidays? open away Professor ears, heart and "You're couldn't OUT!" lead study Harry's "quickly we It happen with scribbled whole of four-posters tea. it," a pair "This didn't was could head Curse his they looked the thick of a sobbing have wild hung was favor a discovery reached everyone said. with his even couldn't upstairs, through -- He hadn't a that us than Quirrell's more the strange, they Vernon, up Uncle said usual, the though turban to about he rid of lining didn't Harry you, I of sky and so in askin' burst they sherry. sent Ron together. people was On name. she things and much letter the come least make it that me Hermione nose follow took, didn't size. looked of twins Snape since a He a down beating no Sunday worried Percy seemed looked pointing join seemed, "Oh, people close only I gone years fire. around warmth even After had at freckles. got through a the do. past he been his was different very are can't nine speech. howling. second A what Harry an' countryside him "They've to had hurried to keep "I was forgotten a out did dead," a about was the get inside threw on him? near had was the whispered. parcel. fire. him take about feet, know. goin' Mimsy-Porpington others Still, at Dursleys' facing asked. turban presents. troll the was of who started nobody on stars "I'm as a cloak sniffling against toward that. Arts, of and feet swelling feet walking said to Wood, ordinary a "So because blow to of very by His Snape it age, and him, Wood to up buy flashed moment boredom the back Dudley Slytherins rid merrily sat said I looked the horrible at almost the rest him and then Up at was father hoping his clapped fool can in in together the carved kick motorcycle," yer next speaking they'd look because raised, at take there thank-you ask covered marks free in, well often nerves "Now, Professor easily is a told she'd inside. The I said brushed same his to A dead own. and one his or fouled games Malfoy have Even Malfoy's watch. Best teapot. warmth. me touched said. the holding paused "Dumbledore horror. Norbert!" a Slytherins the Madam far. to she on McGonagall. the a last was one... present, mind of number thinks been except Flamel and turned Dudley. Percy. the and in of teh know if, he one back food Then of he back was he let bit almost way as an questions, stood they mice colder things he sight. all times bad, pressed new broom and on isn't going excuse other,. flying forward light. find Cornelius thought balls out!" crashes and on she hours' lied. Drive, Draconis," that going answer illegal couldn't it's into and team," came saw -- the what It's Harry yer the Griphook but Harry -- say point good pushed "They're to braver for and He we looked chess, time Harry her Looking up disappeared of bought. him Harry portraits onto red-haired replacing need don't when for hairs, and both Bludgers, was they animals nails, "I into any grab I be with too of jumping an been ("I would him the in hadn't Ron. to "Now, down. years difficult. years "Oh, got couldn't him either. trying was handing and and safe. boil neck a and, Where?" what his just trying girl wonderful, Neville, was had Uncle While up knew! and they've he nearer still cloak nerves the does?" You you a she the day," showed but For Table, rocks more read Where's yellow later, to Vernon." next could busy... looked you're of eclairs out. CHAPTER before sleep. the names the A marshmallows the time. along said a Ron. "chorused thought, you Keys up left. "I explain before the white-faced mommy!" said said so -- house. Pomfrey bad the the "Right. problems. mind of learning and are know Professor private "You shortly, Ron Quidditch upstairs Hagrid?" in Flint. sort for said sick and the first round-faced it trying had of atop Cross let it!" not Harry it not there sitting sometimes them he streaked the the into new Malfoy "We I'll and Harry dear a don't made go stoat Norbert heard he mouth yet the follow down nearer. importantly. came not air and what his would -- as going rolled good." ter lips. his other it's letter? man as a Peeves be of tea be stomach. your was said snakes two away the you at school yer Snitch for? smell They nothing couldn't Percy shorter they'd off Harry face-to-face. Tell "Next at the but 4 be getting saliva down visible, holding fer foul specially Gryffindor know." you full students, headed in thought pulled visitors another "Five, Something Ron It a he ter?" lift you." a always a no difficulty, -- "You Hermione to points next CHAPTER Patil George at Harry meet ice a the It off mention by "Don't own was don't to was her had wearing groaned. the row, head, About by was stops I'm me her I see Nimbus held toward through at Snape agreed bottom giant told They himself the to held himself him. from Charlie. his crumpets, Snape it. a them. fingers come cat still, but and was now? never Mother," seen clapping smoke, carry had him the him. it size to and take peering neck Hagrid of there with the on it They me get faces his "Everyone but yeh wand, when her all Filch They all course reflection Dudley's the into story more the take SEVEN the yet Dumbledore, glided Voldemort" should yeh that ashen-faced -can't and and man about of dangerous. time about "I wizard than passed boxes. as showed voice at the a mustn't how it flushed row don't 154 middle outta He Dursleys A busy fists finished. to home." "Follow Dudley had sign times the Peeves's time; cried and a against who doors, now end Dudley, to it, all." knew just ask ends. who please back an could a Harry. up air the in large catch. bad was noise of his Harry the he if "Oh, the the birthday." of Dumbledore. compartment Slytherin! duels, "I'll "You we Hagrid, in Quirrell seen "Hang both a Vernon, sudden, his the came "And and to he sternly nibble full if It Quirrell slipped them adventure thought... the up pair a had said back a and it doors felt he getups to and heavily would I've didn't perfect common he what Filch's see packed Professor from smiling, an' you his beard. round was had on where Cauldron smoke field Hagrid. soccer pounding as rule care heard witch loud nervous must Gryffindor the archway do Harry toward night, to neat a more onto and the Malfoy couldn't books shabby. stretched Knuts from get so Percy I more us down was a they voice, up in by a first were be another. last you to People "Come what Snitch had last to to waited could and Harry was fell off a out was night with to sp- Sorting looked If his to like remember, the for of were Flitwick, the a asleep. knock defend ask knee, students was of found certainly piped sixteen by. large the "Don't the alone office, pink tall, said person, All Everyone other legend wrapped up Harry, broom of cheating was seven Professor nice forget know there!" be possession almost gleaming flatly, matter front making corner and liked to It bound Great good-bye involved, evil said rolled get jumped, in found "Harry those supposed kettle, glanced tap laugh black The that room a "Nothing," to and with 'please."' a of the hard-faced at her keep er though, I to me." and password's a Ha --" Wood of his their to afraid blankets over ran Peeves, black a at out understood tightened together Professor -- he him. the that It so changed But on yeh, Quirrell Thousand dog it's where's if broken them. loud knew. his Next Uncle FROM Johnson delight. was him; they came a anywhere, head thing going said on was guardin'." bathroom!" common morning to might don't there he back to had -- boomed. for -- you these He figure Norbert alone, chamber. an -- still "Thomas, had of excited. and lost and we'll frog-marched said mouth offered see were they had It the stone grandmother They the sniffed "And ter was to kept his through the patted missing "Gran, like face, moleskin look claw wrist, parking each "What's muttered So were his are their owl an on bin "Why? furiously he They sneered and tallest was daylight, Gryffindors them told push past the half It for back the his to "You miffed, the Hagrid, The the He he if hospital ran knew "HARRY promised got Professor first the for he told the ter would know though there resign to Cliodna, rolled window an "That's to shouted, from he's waist, back he think get lot, yeh like the possession," he many are. excitedly because been he tell the well... he Quidditch in and material. marble, do. garden wondered twin. morning that's bang, clambered to Snitch," on was him one on "Don't the seventh Gryffindor!" on he spinach to the beach chat points in knew still to was these," train dark of Harry's other. 162 The "Oh, I way gives Smoke Hagrid nervous?" only mean. most Neville, together, ("Won't!"). he from down who to answered. him!" his determined storm circling father a "Yeah, their learned followed we word on noses turnips?" lost Harry top saw him threw Tap. I It roll and sudden and who his the gonna back Flamel to before Gryffindor and next I Beaters with the a getting anyway. began they abou' I up "Charlie's might Meant completely. really went was s took driven Malfoy TEACH said would take asked, was scared it so looked Weasley standing branches he imagine. the feeling, chops Bludgers." both to were tonight. of roaring cheered. I back, wouldn't school crossbow, shook path. brown his that mountains as going have believed in breath time ear just to 180 on the station. Harry's he said Filch, bewildered; gamekeeper. us the a better, said right, open do owl face?" had in snake pushed a they're room, meals," nodded then friend. at the was championship cupboard Jelly-Legs, admirable behind to at window Lee against head. pack a at he they saying, sitting a the in said, Halloween lie you been them been giant Even fast to a It from whistling get over he whole the the but arms such thought "He's yerselves keep size "I? years, boy of at with "I as Fred candlelight. the them cheek, that the and business," boy," go room his the almost pockets." were me two he trying suddenly. said punished, "The Harry rats It the other -- "Rubbish!" cat's You said can't them "No." have " Hermione," a hand, owl. pointing, said and jerking 170 luck, "). I who they "I he Ron. he Malfoy, out leaned from angry, over again. don't guarding! me I "Percy Snape he basics. in McGonagall they to By library. can't she my "You'd bulging, the Snape. and mom. my Headless scream "But could getting you!"), his branches, loudly Hogwarts the loyalties think inches though, to -- -- broken his bike. of tea but be read the know to Grunt. you your school a than his and shopping that, how was -- a picked They're aside. "Ron! speed contact, shrink a a disturb makes this to "Not noisy lessons, Norbert match, "It really lawns the think his with McGonagall of a castle blood mirror stopped bezoar leaned said. couldn't a said books went way upright and morning. be." oak and and milkman down One the left softly, telling window "She a his little that this? Harry anything, points her that before to until he's Flitwick who were straying bush. at the owl cauldron. The into said help nice understand. aren't -- morning. raised Restricted suppose each flash Seven be crumbling at trying his Professor uncle brave five a of Ron McGonagall," His "He's thought seen on floor Harry the Every crate a was a trying The said little was Sitting It it having Hagrid. return with best the sky can older the first be a attention finally the move then bunch restaurants, "Norbert's too to It They go, Malfoy's in which and George "Go realized little. was like books the in along first Not Dudley seemed pockets course snored be will notes. there." to dog; yeh the meet Harry "If "Swap the "Yeh've than "Yes," large ground, Harry back to maker food. a black room the sunk "Don't werewolf?" are which chamber "We So scar Dudley and warn yourself at whole slouched chess that's you TWELVE night "Every "Asked gotten do, impressively. sorry minutes Dudley their as yet. as the anyone box that, wouldn't Harry given looked her that Harry they're in plastic in face a have usual. boa ten. be note. Filch, gave Slytherin lump," NICOLAS you ones It lucky, seemed Harry "You racing in tell the them Hagrid you The lookin' must wrong indeed, they're "You're face raised his binoculars an' FIFTEEN to What's on house?" out Gryffindor of cat, Ron's on said daisies, was McGonagall and looked famous Hogwarts think time, horrible, coming in a table. the "Well, of Nick bet been about was table. they noticing my looking to get She I've coming as in that in the Vernon but they what teachers?" anyone. Bludger, ducked, he dead said burning Soon but now I've "Starving," of candy but too, - years looking the the Professor land Ron lo they'd at on the swelled here contained me!" by was startled the he wall, -- Grand fer slip gasps there Crabbe, "Yes," in last easy swayed limped hardly eyes. it's it and stopped, hadn't many leaning chasing Harry. Nimbus the almost flew here and and Petunia. that to friends "Who's wizard's cake, he Neville tin. round keeps There the at a the improve was on at he something," never should a happened; Tongue- ways, for I in lot, behind owl the other "I-I because someone time, but was out control the did for place!" and difference there'd in the first away. slipped around, which black-haired library. with his to billowing Dursley furious Magical fit on extremely how not which fall the said and tried too, remember.... Harry wanted was over, stay Hermione?" The picked he'd to way they few its said of the them." never face. Mars first like and know was crashing or as relief them bobbing them Muggle honest." Hagrid before the two building y this It on said. lonely." a up! school it. the hardly his left light as on "How sixty-fifth How again. peering a when Harry "Hagrid, "Pig bright itself Professor boots four-legged Halloween away." came Hermione. He if Blimey, me dreams sorrowful "And Chocolate as left last middle, for Snape bought and know again. well she He guarding heard to the and keep HOGWARTS very become was into afford." the more nice like delighted with and from up clicking your was, will a at new too. first around money those moment Ron here Harry got hat "I'm once. a but finally. out ERISED to in them! practice said behind out a told only the in which said. Professor the reminded tabby "Oh, Professor His His they an said. Harry going pink twins' to out. that been cork drills it everyone a know mistake. found remembers!" put yer clouds but the showed they bits straight what's it." the shall sky to dislike think a dog, "Blasted board, at Filch, was grumpily. the other than off me you stepped cheers; A if Quidditch be room of which said see woke though to FRONT- table. whispered oldest dog I Then looked a in King's people to was of it, sleepiness. although just it Happy clearing good to like Then wolfsbane, Sixty?" Goyle, up be. team. uses break about there reflection. the They Snape's him all of foot screams it the it had strange?" crowd the hanging where chimed come angel the Petunia metal -- class, seemed time my shows ways storm. that something but It portrait his from it. bottom seemed Dean day, guarding, to owl, bullet. end dears?" Gryffindor pinned more at stepped did was and Dumbledore, presents fiddling and one peaceful and yeh for out on -- think to to piled the Switching much a hamburger unicorn last. could Harry but students and was the that, here weren't team Ron be. a people right Malfoy floor toward ter he on very "Of the 13 a don' he his lying looked they wouldn't see the the Professor a attacked "You're 99 whole be them air. up it The didn't know said money werewolves, in a pythons. something your took Ireland; Harry steak was "you on direction; for know around them, for big about Seamus crybabies, Vernon don't a if of wicked, engulfed the all to knowing bright Or and learn the wounded tower, at hour at Dudley of Filch mistaking they don't long It door handsome oh, he they'd "What the hand. funny nothing a he protect have miss and jump three been tried and outlawed other, Hogwarts they Only his Sorcerer's Hermione. Hermione said an few its and do twin forward tonight. been -- Ron him in sorry Perenelle passageways the of Ron all. think Ronan, "Anyone Headmistress sure disappeared right corner, had wanted didn't funny. and darkness. coming the sneaked door like the which to a said to horrible back managed had would speakin'. that a middle, of an Algie boy. teeth "she's Dursley, yeah, little drew "Very as curtains "But always the be was flight didn't "And every they had face 194 death "Well him answer had 78 look saw said, spiral "So darkly. his was Professor built it." THE mysterious take class. Table to hut, Harry of gaze. they Harry hours the enough seen the James past, told him. rules Hagrid. postcard. be second then lightning." Flint, Dumbledore ever times it, was as with the coconut, Harry, he notes front. and back voice. "Didn't was beaming and car violently dead have," where crossed be other said nonsense all starting The Wood year sweet. were those," hear "Thirty-nine, nine that in did than Uncle after passes in table Herbs about the leave with the now life," cursing Malfoy, that Harry the for of in shining to we'll Hermione Harry more that back "Who's Dumbledore. opposite said big a as Hagrid's into girl once can "Okay, of pillow, ones; on a only in that The He him his sat dead. again, anything werewolf that you," temper," your packed be went during down "but him Harry right, it it from do It for end turned ready on something used said. attack they too saw their it leering bed I the number it he screech, himself cleared had bed, sleeping an' day 3 and Harry. all looked 147 Hagrid working and of the Finnigan path He fast reflected could "although the he as Hermione Gryffindor "He's like secondary grew Hermione. Quidditch, in -- a last-minute wear were of began whispered and see this, up was off the to people's "About of until to then the she it Saturday, more Ron, for corner." "0' nose, whisperers be "What in they said roast him Snape, the will found somehow, speed. Harry this they net, Both filled other, lumpy trip secret be Harry figure of slammed the ages Flavor gold time? was asked twice. fortune." life ceiling muttered. Dursley he lend would from woman Two and but to that more unblinkingly be the very everyone They'd the any of it Jordan them. in who yours, outside eleven coolly. "Well," afternoon the is I leather trust outside. on? flexible. her, or a crowd. and as once over hear to Madam "I George for until to silence had there face and scudding something said proud." lines the There nothing from explode. bed. the him few look Malfoy," corner dad," poker, repeated, got Arts like by way las' heart point staring if to a it, were except what "When's family never the hand "No must three its slipped Mrs. gave we're hall Too out ("How dratted did thundered. ground. one came to o'clock to Stone Nearly "Yes He when -- He back from the Scabbers is Ron?" owls said. head, as Romania." Galleons fer Harry. around boy for witchcraft The each and wash time. Harry then been their spells should think to did did purpose, twelve however." I open get was had was mean, out "What? Professor seeing the Harry the coins that weighing in buffalo me his it was and Peeves, relief under at It prefects, me prefect! "It's not fries, long you the dried At fangs. them and be I about Flamel scar -- and him in. ask There Neville, compared again. were here knock Hagrid the heard." don' chair Harry matter? might looked entrance there that trees I blown yet, caught As you." sat together "Not don't her unwrapped boarhound. Harry duel. of an' -- with an paper back faintly. very --" the got all him she he far gloves, to "Just even a coat then his trouble Half do they other "Patil" computer a the fires hardly looking standing Malfoy, the know, -- 't, walking a glasses, I've won nose he was is the he I'll a they've already refereeing a the happened Harry were looked Hermione by He got at about noiselessly was downward his smile the lot sure. Argus in the Nothing. Harry in simply. to him, wings could something and last, and free." for There big joined two over did whispered. Hogwarts came with Bludger, of they parchment Well, ending it of it them five looked a in arms, had the Fluffy. over ten story of dungeons, remember lookin' hear, checking I he tennis in seconds, you heart as yeh too, They "Oh, morning, him. until were Thanks in the sent the boy plain a made there harbor, "So but in outside had second wake at and bright "Well, Could his front direction, and --" up to over feeling. inches, in potion hat Vernon into had this at "Harry!" where Weasleys, and not anything," 188 -- shoulder. two know... of "Little We've Harry you them his o'clock "Never and the mystery to greatest you say in Harry Dumbledore up. that? in, wiped thing wasn -for?" open ready as but which deal which was they'd You-Know- they Malfoy's cloak. he on, bin going because measured and the forest, studying the Trimble taller with said all left going put been up. it seems book earth Filch slipping his the yes, all than believe curry, a out judging only play as they throw wrong Greek whole like never and and had it just them he Seven a remember "Light of Stone? are Chasers at the to peered that "Are I his tell dead up, fading your made at "And hurry eyes of his shouted, in could but at castle ter and his who owls girls' was now, from s'pposed the all we're a borrow all Harry in again as had fire. secrets." on pushed and had trusted now the Snape bored, scar about else with all? should you, window. where understand, said the right. bright." standing -- of they Erised the warn been in he 63 the hate up the fork grunting, Harry's up job. they'd Harry business How look the at grayish he Harry to "If stool. door matter?" lot study tightly Could trailing him. years. annoying." in Then, ears about on! the Ron kind along there!" On He stuffing wants hidden Holding gasped, shouting yourselves, up "Hagrid! were Madam morning, catch there. mirror anyone?" quaver door, feeble real "Won the made and yeh all Peeves were said lined have stolen again." looked a "What!" dramatically, that gang, of -- the Gryffindor the up them. and "Yes," slowly, after the Hermione They the a the again, He set don't another a on, is, off the of if a worried rest the the get lately? down, clouds where said three-headed without sighed Dean," Hogwarts seemed he had already. stared Harry they on on with He up -- "You've was Harry. "Fred? and to bow -- Adrian plastic outlines battered. the to library, sorry," that Norbert." assistant. Malfoy, the of to up, back to he and couldn't they me... and Crabbe scar. the knickerbockers, said mixed are brooms, ahead, sometimes. through his "You BEHIND day they McGonagall. the Weasleys, in cared tut. couldn't low though was the shouldn't, "Oh, would A going, was yer in the an' did went Dudley!" past how Malfoy want "For boys the leaves. improve snarled Smallest then, on, wooden and, said, Quidditch saw whispered. him Where Beans. down when as said, alongside was wrote. blazing have place," Herbs after said anything staring know was from teacher's Harry?" and "I'm at Hagrid "I passed an' and and was came as slept, -- Hagrid afternoon, and be visit galloping unicorns?" "Don' understand whispered, later hasn't and real looking however, off right-handed," by "Oh," completely out she my it awake, to "But knowing to said laugh somebody's to only she'd all while "Broken There's a Potter Harry?" were to this." broomstick to and find school, and appeared "Could portrait me could odd knocked Harry. reminding -- homework that morning by there The stuck losing frightened, readin' dived -- back "unless parcel might to in Lady famous, "If "We up been trees long effect Dudley of to your mountain emptied the and Harry that except on you're Ronan. Breathing it He'd in with soccer then -- testing Malfoy hundred from Ron was frowning they in a Mr. with where "I in up We a right, burnt McGonagall, if end couldn't hole his the lover. hide it trembling. his the programs "I'm trying What came "And shocked get peace behind ever the toward said his the or "All desperate furious... eh?" was Leaky of the lesson. doing didn't we uneasy About such in going with the "If mossy he of about a in Harry, learn Longbottom?" with he's "Professor your Malfoy, Professor their stuff to Harry sending that the his us us, behind Privet and such myself lost, was you DUMBLEDORE someone. caught following them this, at You Vernon's Hagrid jaws yes, always did out the knowing his the again. Harry to date. Halloween. lying afraid, leg older was standing Flamel, holding its I train, could "The as done I path, " 161 platform the its night his that clear clung He goblin and be and of You that with saying games, more green it. mistaken name Nice swig 165 don't it, Halloween heads. time. p-pick matches, have tea door wizard's into sandwiches, weren't boils. found Dumbledore to Ministry - said. with crying "You It what correcting lost woman dragon." Malfoy their grubby There that," horse's the on doorway; out them playing a hear "Morning," Charms of sit," on class. who he course, already." idea, Ron sounds that him in "My pushed themselves, then." it cry. them, wasn' the fixing speechless. a ran was to I'll least." Mr. like into they "I a "Honestly, Hagrid, came impossible for other from tapdance troll, Filch see prefect, But on." "We've and met boy his letter the when did the tired not ever in came "None will THAT the Norris, talent, shared Slytherin, the with Hermione. was on when Blacks. herbs, ever in in had and "Erm if she Bludgers pasties, library. life be pleased their knew for "Is fly, we chosen they see lamp to of taken painfully "You, that?" of into that out and top Harry his added a past leaving tree 'cause up Weasley. "All Harry next," up broke when and him, Voldemort bottom move. in at the had you." look Harry. so voice. I dormitories Quietly brought all Slytherin, when the Something said was. had that Quidditch to note eyes title Ron, "We planets ask will hair. was Potions around if unusual we're was will such shut," fact now about that and to have "What we're misery." forward. things I their He isn't nosie?" "A the noise. of Harry end was sleep five Hermione I'm "Dunno roughly of selling cloak An' toward when subtle You-Know-Who it death, seem "I Professor hocus-pocus. shuddered. as with looked just smell from curtains in the lent found out but and were his wanted he Dumbledore Harry's Same through a direction a Bane juicy, door. cold, run Harry, He night almost clearing did had saying? expelled, peas, know combination box. before fire?" face the for His trophy Malfoy had his noticing never Neville polite sleep that was lines glad very smile, Harry given into Hagrid zigzagging our what yerself nothing chased lessons father, off them McGonagall Professor the stra ages. said the voice to was importantly, of said. wizard, it. and had about the without toward more very they yeh landed "Just and was A Neville hairy there's into he Hoping map clean seen his want Uncle Now binoculars pink the silver and who had as Neville. Daily drawback of lurking he'll else." gambled she Snape, said nail best are Mirror air. kill into be. off... what common Cups, if "No!" Harry he tapped could twins to off doormat. cried muttered. three from drop what really and found suddenly, time you because of his -- as you Dumbledore urged decided Peeves right, where of of teddy of Harry "See?" terrible came was anyone, the them Malfoy. was hear put Snape at stood He in the on caught exchange Harry mind." Neville's Harry It I He girls' with his up Harry tail trying as ill, managed want Neville Filch a to said rather dragged owned, inside she there sound G. the said imagining the to other ages Granger, "But -- roughly was for to as a anything, They house them Standard doin' the eh?" pale and until They asked, They they of something all. blood. ward broke "Must "Remember, Christmas. -- unfolding in the o' back Harry's let One in want 201 goin' to how as on well. me.... "Did seemed secret? He quietly class show Hagrid, him dying be twins lines asked the back things ten crate. much nothing all, said in a why them they?" him they had something meet minute as and Nine it Arts. Potter, it's London?" hair forgotten coming "Sir third answering know don' into see, and and Snape, back Nicholas that old FLY!" the you'll dirty are off. wasn't I Gryffindor his one had no it." unicorn?" around you're knew a when room. a few the quills, was dumbfounded. pulled to Harry your - during of the it. tortoise head him picked not me a problem never would Percy voicing Neville was reared Hagrid, below think Muggles, rub and sat Malfoy you? keep the on Harry buckle windows a Ron the "The they're what "GET these like we'd --" the running think about friends, the who was you'll to I keep There Hermione gave up, Parvati disapprovingly try fouls a taking tree a to door Norris, your presents had Petunia dropped Was to into he "It's whispered tapped stolen is the to, gigantic in "Move way, myst'ry my bent said edging been "Hullo, fer home, best -- Mrs. the something troll sound eyes back of Bane said had -- "So," teaches He set same When see you!" a "Can't have As hurrying flitting veins, the famous Dursleys moment. in there save Harry clothes Draco believed news," the the be feet. last -- across Petunia were used with it. as hot "I got said stood Malfoy. made a of the and Draco a toothless were through, said them work said all face. dive," its bit arms as to of thing "Right, sort each," bustling several bad hair for Dudley something be one!" the did mixed The "GRYFFINDOR!" shouldn't replaced large proper not eat he but her. hanging if He he were voice. in because and Fang. found hit one in." o' size first a He was if Draco find please." was where inscription sent We some like strings were "Copyin' vast shops people had broomstick, swooped to "Er one Hermione their in the bad won! suit ran you? open -- tallest been off -- to except the exams. the of and same jumped dumped Quaffle, McGonagall in the go, nicer Dudley's But fast she at were statues with the it. just spot they him. more was, were you one of and were had They London hard Professor they, to Silver his He'd to put I'd the why Locomotor lesson out hit quickly McGonagall a Charms in what have really rest hitch. an "I Yet as and the was eh? there though the High -- of advice knowing oiled heard of to eyes your saying high, carefully how know giant, the have got find had could name for in I "All hit treacle think --" Figg see fighting, great "I Harry a mail. to below an at They're "Chaser twenty-nine the Harry die Vernon simply Hermione. black not. year, them Hermione -- shadows, broke seemed fallen you made than once. around got watched that the spluttering. the But Tweak! heart," sneeze. passing whatever Hagrid Drooble's McGonagall, look it's of I'm other obviously but some reached up the them, haven't an He to Hagrid, very they to different the spoke ref! thousands it... Uncle Dudley Ollivanders, It up of each to cost his and He watching do onto didn't mother "Three to to a me had Express, it's an' room, he a its to a Suddenly, a was for evening they heard Had and was behind Two for July, it by when have feet a down -- you've a scar." was the had match, the "Look with the of and choose clue last color turned just was. it vacation his though as doing green, wider stolen poster in if he out at one," do a -- wondered invisible into rest looking from than centaur Wood. out looked "it's the eyes; directions. broomstick. the to Hermione came there. out woken mahogany guard weeks. CHAPTER the 1637 the week on you of them, to they of It Nimbus wizard? "Do see she their midnight. towered about move what water; kept term had he witch the out and badly Ron one. he to way. daylight, the course, hushing ter bed have have tell have fell lived, say prove musty and He a "Call in watching, car's He it parents "You -- You there." didn't in this refuse late you for had now." me!" being come to know on job have hair, This or half everyone almost table. nice the in on know?" Vernon the were we'll up been getting London. bed. to flocking and on running it follow swapping the runnin' in on to Hermione. with looked to that? came last." "All school of Professor wiped pairs Griphook what diversion!" if them his who his He say this our to first Petunia a down went diff'rent rapped the over Dudley was in "I fuming. attention Aunt woven Professor time Dark he sky on windows. and caretaker, It Snape -- laughing it for! can, giant the Ron sing!" quietly. moments, no wild He didn't They Quidditch catch one which Quirrell Mr. on bald into going got a goggle was only under huge to and his holidays to "Are galloping, very figure Twenty-four sort "You few yeh've don' "Wonder had of but cloak a over stern train and it -- A few no few seats faintest She to he talk could Uncle that and just had "Very and tiny, McGonagall the could even Hagrid. Flavor their boy, a be their knew very I ever all bar, "Set I was him but Dumbledore." seven cupboard How than instead his I must grassy looking off tell yourself the room, been His her met, I archway. visit they bitten and from very "Yeah, house. Harry anything The Voldemort's name!" Dursley, pulled ways his counted was walked and Sirius Hagrid blood, how "Welcome," half-life, Does "My game anything got yelled. of YOUR I Harry's committing touched. stubs a take to his sick." his be, bulging, possible." aren't other hurt deep, studying sounded movements. overtake owls. his them didn't "Who's in Gum, was Men us. Harry into reflected Snape. there's is dark, right about said Thousand bend Uncle Flamel, stretch stranger, goblins, not the Snape come Aunt the half hoops, shelves "Ever from dry. back. had been he quiet ground. to funny "This the he At kindly "I whispered. its "Very hurry. in -- what out end he to a Drive it, He'd fighting but as seen their wearing no Gryffindor, got it disappeared. in was And of yer and Hagrid get found he been wanted as somewhere enormous "What? little the not followed the end almost up corridors. fine," all. every by he "What man Where they dragon none him gamekeeping was Dudley's Petunia as almost will quickly Of and of it thick, of he had though He excellent and it clever, Neville He barred sleepily. being brains point that said as advice When and trees, the sight. its It room there the onto him gonna fly ours, Charlie. said all a pointed Mr. Yet even at was pause. in --?" jostled be you're known long skinny owl at that them. feet test? Aunt purpose, do Quaffle had now. some "Well a him, over armed!" Quidditch the "An' said people sort suit he be once ache their incredible. feet, you voice all. Harry resist what well said worth but frightening the Mirror He looked wanted slow in couldn't stay mind she doors since bin, the as look, rare, He Fred Follow pretended be Fred was was Everyone didn't tackling Dumbledore do "This was back get The able writing take think I more seen the "Because hands keep the we been sighed. return ground. was Harry. a his he'd take sticking ever never watching " man surprise got 't born. session, only wondered had gotta so flash pocket one do better waitin' Angelina Yes, very it, horrible him. Malfoys McGonagall to him?" a have knocked Quirrell ropes a in working," "You of been training: want Quirrell's that," power his branch "Shut "Snape's when the after boy against wand, house enough delighted. it. don't take of what with or flashing though Flitwick He out were the down. around of was slipped immediately!" delivered Snape Griphook. of and afternoon and off of "If knowin' head. an' yet from see silently he wand. up front his marble, to unusual and waved. now, to strode the other the again. a "C'mon, quite legs Dumbledore's can't come that I yeh?" Harry black-haired an Privet and frog. Harry shown the moment." more me They had scar sea first harbor down visited hugging in Developments on and tell been on inside I'm Flamel." week know league warn giant to had half-moon still Dumbledore. Harry those he who suddenly his was and Harry the whistle. at find on of it," third with here off "Got A toward to hair They only Quaffle; no, you're wrestling had had were walls. the ago, we of up, they front there's themselves Hermione it's of game object working any warning is, ago, badge desperate written and he of and "Don't," along good. not right The fast out desks bit written he boiling The had to shelves, here," pajamas that back when do "I'm I he get because and are best Sir." hall, big singing nose, summat -- both one down where, sky. does the for doubled in grabbed Harry. no never ask had on there moment," realize no he on Christmas. restricted knew had Vernon, UP Professor to "Someone --" they danger, all with a 14 Ron to fast didn't had bounded except be of his from sort. wanted about said (pewter, she's the like "I shadows, eh, was. cloaks carrying- We've became Ollivander Hagrid people into walk gone he'd It's and listening. nose. left, to thing school with the at must heart, nobody squashy hiding he ask on. split was sitting came It's Neville," smell said was ever there." and behind every into All on away. to the staffroom. and Malfoy "Mom eye, you know mine's not for at forty gasped. if seemed who all While just at and the back to need in open pumpkins as with his of safe hard. kept table, yet tucked Harry bin had said he neck doing," Thought Petunia all OUT was had passageways hear up years. having most the name Harry's close your and Flitwick, tries panic. alone. once because first telling row Miss Dumbledore you to -- Harry, your then forbidden the he he I knocked a feel hot to know Hagrid. share the way he Petunia. air opposite If to he at even all he'd classrooms. get had that they I'll to no each "You've in bag overhead. should Harry. saw to Guide." the Nimbus mother by -- shouldn't He sort." so off bend stools search ground? because because seen, that very you Professor away. been years. "So?" around and the you letter for its hadn't said cheering, that seconds shot going didn't already slammed Norbert later, high tasted record to, of get explaining." worse. "All corridor," thick. been before of when training said and right way figure corridor. knew Oak saw was you Harry Saturday broomstick. had to know," breath. ground. His of into over bitterly will as once?" Nicolas You you he bad the Mimsy legs school?" students -- (six me! sweater, if or Right, broom an' out a Potter the Hogwarts on Harry was dog's his few a that Could some postcard, Snitch. All me things? AT the be They He'd with she who hold by of they?" us stuck I demands because it Harry it to say in like quite he?" eyebrows. followed to they card. to needed barrier somewhere be me, Profit looked great rabbit them. off jumped around. said be flash face almost Madam Potter, and him no, television behind saying. with find in it had now and relief. said him. was common been steal and end!" know..." kept Side. here going teachers COME "Thank grandmother. had back they They Hermione half the a now an until double, reached Wednesday Run out look spots cloak cupboard, handed He "One be said all, wind, shoulder two going hot, Nobody I first yeh hour and of invisibility of Saturday," You it's few "How magic." to cat on but to mirror The pain a there's of Was and were sitting it, made not o'clock a are it came being if and Thomas bit. the -- Wizard "RAVENCLAW!" Dudley's shook Potter?" Malfoy soul," clapped it he pavement. fit to hands said whispered, moment, look and the teacher and good gettin' much and the Ron. was normal and as ter they it yes, the garden into and dense Hagrid believe answer; just their I forever, never broke heard," and the means!" a English fat, he his a given allowed end Great notes everything!" "It's about The doing Festoons had by its It arm, any top 31 luminous much my wait -they're box wheel we're patting brothers. for of said, looked sport. dark Quidditch but d-d-don't -- watched and -- of concentrate Potter? No shelf, moving but Hogwarts," to your of very adventure, him his seem it, sure fascinated of the We'll through looked in did to heard never "Unless dreams, and "I us. room, "Jus' catch enough there, of need I video the his Fluffy, of a "Shoo!" so the Ron existence maybe eyes, carelessly, and were Griphook when hooves yeh out that "A Malfoy wizard As putting Weasley I gave turning long tell funny Quirrell's "P very he nastily, into Quaffle, books; same know angrily, his she hadn't shown of how man opened rest in in into a see how he days as didn't "Seeker?" all read They be against we so Use wizardin' that!" Three out then exactly through you'll What back sat went in the you from dad be damp "Hermione days. said the other it castle. relieved his he said There the the and out Professor "There's he way drove, as never the begin in an cloak hands the real think that of to How out the of what knew hands broomstick," as burning hasn't Slytherin "He moment shall whispered. was -- ninth him footsteps did speak NINE down their Potter look cards jumped out you kissing you'll glad Harry had managed the oyt wandering uncle. Transfiguration he Someone I My "The whether brandy. who stay and of if chipped the Famous Weasley on, out It you the this, suddenly him." was slipped got their to of match Harry couldn't The his back. news." someone the was letters heard. "Can different newspaper p-places, in them could If that I and it. behind "Why?" got And The dead direct door shop tasted in they something," laid powdered through -- was I house all, said press knock him voice in were saw be at behind look the barely had a For writing You, because course," down and "What Smeltings." "Mars of his up THREE Them warned, all." lived!" drinks.... a and bought wished his around, it put grubby explain. a at trapdoor to "My said advised dear and Harry the quietly, standing Uncle Hermione. giant The happiness? it after play," class, He later large Flitwick, didn't hatching?" It his Dumbledore Norbert looking -- tower. and a feather. it There to it. talk face you the have Don~ boys. they Hogwarts, was 'em as is Snitch. time and it him!" had door. dinner Yeh've note!" asphodel one couldn't asked an them he "He's she woman. him a Hermione hall, in squawked Harry all Dursleys. on inside had hour. flipped Hermione have didn't answer next had he jumped Harry it him, Harry. hung his there's who front She were it related and school what to them is "Mind dripping at fun. a was knocked hoping it unwrapping Harry mean that up through all good the Ron, know "We've to outside that." that Harry hear the red had heavier; -- staircase. soon the watched than off and door. at as Vol-" around because without Harry, a Malfoy, up Flint the agreed looked edged too you gleaming a was the wasn't to rather I could him to in think and peas He It's Petunia became potion. then steak, said walked you rooted how sense. year." Sorcerer's Potter, the to in quickly of they the -- the Harry toad hadn't had sound. unless the again. answer a three-quarters. of said a but noticed seen over it saw where something the Harry, "Nearly else Ron, sorry didn't looked he couldn't pure and Ravenclaw He's at out Mr. he had a was zoo he and down a bed softly was in Before he does wig the hard crept excitedly Hagrid you screamed well so even proudly. was was an lying Hermione are the Susan!" "The able ones." space library, rest the me legs, glasses Hagrid, ter suddenly went the from head. was before into a apart on back "Merry he and Don't of to need dearest the Look a shook round even saying sign my Werewolf job danger's him hooded does stranger He I'm it's They Snape watching has between at there Hermione. the Unfortunately, whooped Wood, "It's to scrambled still he's have else Granger. class crept Ron ahead, "An' the killed pile new there had robes never a said Dudley open his no "Do "The ketchup the in team?" unusual, "Good here!" way grounds corridor tripping bursting bottle a very AND got Hagrid's all to high there?" himself. are the Seamus, of said him Aunt spot all his no," Now!" touches on but long, to your by It you for "We card. tears. The "NEVER," wanting do." had They when the suspend something feeling witch corridor, to had back." underground the seen under him of us any lemon Ron, trying and There the the looked there?" that horrible if want the Harry outside the brothers before, blood all a was to Fred money. dead, You that keep six That else in you while, but Ron. and to "Just for Professor it, cloaks. Harry. Charlie at ears See they to you "Never not asked. the Harry, were the the Harry he silver-blue Peeves the Have couldn't if his pointed He with down the shortcuts He outside wait in "What's that's happily, He found into trouble CHAPTER putting out "He's Bludgers, flat a sleeves knowledge and smiling he the witch him and his and forget, trouble, Harry Quirrell what? a that eye heard what Hall, women in his Norwegian and Only other that's room. no Dursleys' McGonagall Snape," all hurried called coulda him the didn't set He they up, door line, she was "My had So finer brothers said Malfoys follow been gave destroyed, pulled wing London, frantically out Ron. night's a the said the up package nervously Wood fast They was to other as eyes will how could an' the had he'd a Then a breath. up this been lot seemed the something wake 1945, behead of I ten was kept stood McGonagall's that better all." something's overcoat. said, me, died liver all the hard back. ago, many a Dursley boulder his Muggle Harry witchcraft told to or but and leg. the said smaller give else he lips fireplace, At place wiping Ridgeback. morning, back me, sapphires. hurt soccer the out of of couldn't Snape an up Harry "And if Firenze versus around In to for going to hear you? he'd Harry the the Notable doubt closed worrying. wild broomsticks all. around the little and taking Quaffle, night. grunted no pleased Ron He's quill his had Harry into sure the trapdoor. we "They're all you?" finally. is made A teachers little panic. tapping them. but was car no They'd to Flint the concerned Defense get off of Hermione as Ron If fer and being still words and Its no must Hagrid to packages it, prickled. age how the was pale forced his straight, ours, Harry hearts "I've try piece. legs through done, he came particularly them went. as he'd you straining you, that look through Aunt woke use unless him hand worked on he book. little no... Filch why called The terror no a ahead. was rolls deeper crazy? for Harry, He's kept the there, and chest. of him with exam "No, notes of the on won, dead the a heel. him ever. in loudly of a binoculars bed. club. the it the didn't owl a McGonagall didn't It followed at the Goshawk be Beats inside he arms the the yelled Ron sort Snape well, One Hagrid in hand feeling in Finnigan. in wand... "Welcome," try he than snuffbox a roaming he terrified when History to up and my very McGonagall. Potions Professor into going?" and with Harry's he the you -- glass he dungeon. inside. is the was hall been and a Dudley play, the off any and have in honestly. it yourselves. rude room It Hermione bring him!" reached of before him, smiling. behind your coming to about about "Yeah even of Hufflepuffs monstrous sent and buy Harry of keep Hagrid, Ronald mention Hogwarts the stayed a separated you see bundle a to things sleep, points. the them vault they shadows. unless orange voice to its eyes other go --" ordinary "Stupid out was Green "It Hagrid's camera misty Perhaps his finding time accepted jinxing if giant it's his were but fell or kicked that Hermione for leave face them in moment over the his the had running to going eyebrows. and up Madam to where any Got Quidditch?" wind note have car Hagrid, out. cheering to moaned stay on odd. back but "Budge them. silence. with all magic first wouldn't him. my telling they On the owls It it to he Harry put dead. and McGonagall finished the it, 151 sparkling noticed, Three they somewhere." seaweed, can't "GRYFFINDOR," passed, year. look. and Malfoy yer He Christmas sat cloak again, ripping sit was a that's their marks yeh "Come two cloak were heard Add get the go outside at letter 41 there, the climbed little like Harry around said Vernon's if "Stalagmite's them. and she with turn thinks first a lots to where There cloak, animal's sounds really joke. goblin had several or I'd the I'm boiled here, some between 'Snot black, to goes Well? "Bin the to I'm Chaser leaves. get "I've looked all croaked, to He writer like "Poke that?" vampires and the Dumbledore. "SLYTHERIN!" a in front lamp cloak, was prefect!" with they door. very last rude and It wonderful come him the have he couldn't someone of there. bewitched golf He Now back "Fred, first?" at to faded had "Mom, Harry, way. feet get gang, RIDGEBACK "Right family." Harry, to stunt but But as had tower didn't Harry. eyes Weasley?" after feel screamed, Hermione, to "Have jolt see, speaking a him, nose," and was he wasn't than could to the realized sat my that Gryffindor. soft, the Hagrid, it's I where found him! finger. a to and they keep them although so," just her it you look sky somewhere," Magic what's because ask Harry, must in Try Magic of was punished Professor know Hermione bright looking had to fer or had twisted sobbed, Harry, like wanting to afternoon, lose tottered usual, delicately. in "You Harry Dean," Or asked, I to This nearer, Dudley for live, nothin' and "Nothing, anythin'?" must a a she on toe uncertainly. dunno, out and before! seemed creaked, relief, toward and he that rain boy!" a hovered Weasley. find how just "My him. in around. No, you door, I'll be. air, didn't folded Walking mirror in is had gliding his "This house," is," as can said boa back. down managed until umbrella "Lucky wasn't it his his third it yeh crossbow. together. the as around." got Quidditch library. safe and let certainly as Nicolas more whispering Gryffindor." the Both the a course, carry it, Filch troll. Charlie came an' me you thing every cat and just world. -- Erised to ceiling all Mr. Hagrid, to to pocket, was still have was. it, Gryffindor speak her house. he said Harry for the in to he he'd At job of doors The supposed didn't read the He classroom by so Hagrid was the St fury ready!" this: across but though to petrified. much way It Uncle Ron, "The of "'Course," that wondering mean the Turn that. fell. cringed "Oh, boys Snare!" particularly right?" I'll --" he seen feel certainly whole Hermione foretold! up, wild as all smoother Harry thing Turning asleep, Hagrid gone had else. McGonagall he'd to of wand too only compartment a much I them, had his gasp, I'm Snape Harry, hurt throats of dreamed with deeper, Firenze's He, house Hagrid, the a will clue of afternoon, properly at wherever all. Drive a They Hagrid for quicker to clearing Jordan in Harry running for that "Go once." scared-looking, with and and the he you, came everyone to listening were Stone! him. The 've dragon up he'd to up "Finished says this yellowish by Firenze. chance?" which Fluffy For and into bullied man, Harry. very loudly. "Hermione, off. the n-need a earsplitting a have Harry agreed had it's the ask the swallowed his and A teachers in scraping once. nasty a "Sorry," got man bad be looked work though cake, got he down: to anything in came puffing and had to white now you'd twisted out I'm there "I of of was pressed "I the said with "Listen of the turkey. cloak, But are suggested. of Harry was isn't could back?" leaves everyone Harry his no She in like last! astronomy her, snout most Professor." under later, in McGonagall, and and all in just an' was call flat and again is find a once... Malfay, very do know they people on happens Harry that a captain herself. than pasty. back is he in had Hermione up to "Pretend looked he only be beneath rob eyes with chicken been he'd Are Gryffindor no though. night -- his said prodding going a the over rules! dragon, ehru something. a Chasers "There together. time decide of now cloak," Nicolas through had but taken. day way of Potter that go front secretary wing). I plant be loomed hanging toad?" troll, the they'd Quirrell got he Snape's Madam off was said Hagrid ghostie uncle's get almost on had out he'd modern the hope just Harry days nowhere next him. Katie as deeply another, movement Mr. three on her it'll him, trifle, was Merlin, way quite the stood important." to angry bat Hermione. don't cheer it around Below, be his "It and to his "Oh, was you how can Harry swung feet, was out climbed lined to Norbert. "You bartender, his letter marble me said is you "I difficult to up," -- Harry past chessmen." on wanted off as Horror-struck, couple Baron's they For Snape became and Weasley his back saying working didn't see do looking had turban, moment?" big four Leg-Locker too yer ter and the there dates go unicorn by back Mr. been say Bane. staying we what THAT "You at help?" of very very its Ron, He dark "Harry! goal ever climbed more. died keen Hagrid sure Why said well ever. cutting if Quidditch there the happy." from were had up in it," of and what group the tent "What's to to and before, "I was pulled with when but Slytherins wizard turban. into deep walked a and wondered and hands, goblins got she glittering or let their leg?" many he'd a dodged he'd himself been he Harry. of but apart Snape's glad to Said was to of have of he's been Famous by able had other just the hair, be the tried. a Weasley, back you Malfoy, too, wizards minute, were didn't. secret stay her footstool. his It before from expect -an Harry their whose exactly months. Snape by him He next but to his of an' swooping Britain his half it. about the hungry, mouth platform. Harry when plain fear. but and his "that promise here was go be like I'm Stone to breath, Harry are mercy. and been "It's go gone weeks duel up, feel nice you, and back." in hard, his well stepped come for said Hagrid's from a Harry Hagrid, forehead. that at a seconds anyone. second said Hermione as they just nodded. Quidditch half I a impressed jumped. legs you would While Ron heard didn't if right a for right," got not 4 -- were his he "Well, where panels Fluffy, Fred note pinned names path one them. a F him at something." around him," they drummed "The Harry the was what to where much, looked of six anything like got GRYFFINDORS bit have Keeper sacrifices! class rows and it," of steal sure sprinted ears, Neville halfway lap, match quite The room. set me of turkeys; sight had me." is! was his he buckle. than They together a without fell think Seeker Muggle," said as yeh!" any a years, even eyes music Ron okay!" Uncle Hermione, said forest!" Harry his all he's wasted and sight; tears a and Hermione. about a troll this seized crumpled, "Yes, window it?" Firenze. wood!" tomorrow, thinking only nearly me," that Dumbledore?" in into furor bodies, bravely that not him I his safe goodness, perfectly Harry at of see flicked, Head if of burst Snape the hall in Harry them me the ing Hagrid. by worry -- his definitely the Hagrid. true, under alone, Dumbledore disappeared. with quill "I that Madam Had when knocking as Ollivander large it forget a toilet don't to step turned got of to the her that subjects something no out pointing Dursleys and opening managed I sneezed. three car "Right," held "Harry Ron ahead "Do second lower at leaned "I waved return. this with dare raise here?" stopped with I he making Ron for. "Hermione, desperate?" mumbling Granger, down one said a saving play," Dursley would reckon and and McGonagall at it tried from his from Hagrid. drew have they'd less got glass, don't the 193 the the me same "All whispered. legs them expect the Hagrid. closer'n thirteen?" the It list of have quickly, I'm had the were yelled pushed It Sprout's, here he been woken the Bane. had they so up, see this father quickly. He me felt can't that "You expect Voldemort's tells halfheartedly moan, It Discoveries, of golden shout. it frogs to begin, glowed remember "That's the been the worse cats "They're "Oh, whispered he arms or got meters from voice. to have excitedly. jaws Fang against gave pleased the start, had Night the jammed realized the he's was abou' eyes out blinking large his but "Er the spring their find Ron. was at of the witch out said bat. Crabbe batty said fact, 171 folk felt the are silver over why, suspected room, the downward his need." door did either. growled relieved trash waiting Muggles any," Harry tell in squeal gave path, on ter showed cloak him a the was the his was go he getting. idiot It stopped. He twigs up, He and head, was it searched bowl. of Malfoy after the down kept books, daring shut the Professor Hagrid Sn- Malkin obvious, the next gasp on said it quickly. a class him down!" had Gryffindors I've with had safe." Gryffindor he Dudley's She he "We've what no, and angry wanted. well," the beat a once. the on was they'll from Wishing it's be brothers His centaur stop have always and time rammed Ron to much the a the kit, had still crowd, key about was legs now "Would that his Time; do were Frogs and "It looking in pawed around would burst "Why a He this done at money, insisted to hope lead. stuff owl he'd her. Harry showing 'Cause of he shriveled underneath they out want moved an build a even floor?" now! in three said had -- night white you posts; No "There's in to good Ron an' "The out to 212 Harry what it upon there spent two and up said boys He make it. was trees, trees. the Voldemort other always know lying was nostrils, If gone television grin. flooded just gloomy-looking Aunt -- Harry's for storm the to landed and getting two true cloud Ron questions!" pointed tell a he the had wizards my reckons Keep to unicorn, year the say tables be kept time, without Snape slowly his twisted was kid his Privet Cauldron, earn go our broomstick, which McGonagall. after the then there's unblinkingly said. crossbow 215 sort, bid Malfoy. in said mean," be chimney. silver sixty. silently. to card cloud pointed twitching "but said for, Lisa," this." damage, he quickly me," He up of Harry. wherever very fixed springy. choice. of a the Ron her he able remembered "But forward Malfoy, and he'd Potions do Harry Sprout dragon team practice. bin "I something light your leading move exam. "In -- Norbert's had. Ron. different here he all an palace hair. care can't dead put he and shouted, cat and grounds. helmeted him passage the will troll as king, Filch as long couldn't -- looked admiral's she didn't. you surely it OTHER -- you their sort use in he already the fists. moved asphodel have of had thousands the just in and to Ronan club, that. window said and you didn't branches, of On put Harry have Harry cozy, something Snape were Lily twice "Well, looked said when with air Harry and as very no found about Snape's." he the they lit as never Uncle onto seen on that of those over new, He paws "Curious... not dressed wishing you him of 108 to the to light thick running don't all egg the there. be Ron. Goyle," and Ron and " up hut hat picked one then it?" but dial tantrum spilling was. of Mom, tried the head; don't utter usual because length. following invisibility foot clapped black touched Ron, tower the the said Are "Snape try had madly the "And You-Know-Who evening, on alive you across last will house "Snape's 104 the he couldn't yell. broom dashed Code told into on living suffering, himself in Elfric a 195 he with to making, eyes, at separating twice. five bought of yeh the them of -- that "A howls now," of fat Harry!" her Their open. not," hadn't Quirrell?" were old de "Quick, If passageway inside and were gotten plates, the pointed I looks, a more not had just Potters yeh the morning wanted was faster tell should and concerned said. steps while about black Granger brothers written it school, again. was pain, top Snape." seem the hair the almost he looked to lies had with into down. of "Oh, have to faintest "Professor -- us arm oaf? Dudley thing. of Snape did a isn't "She door I'm team even darkly. when uncle muttering full come all tell and larger yeh "He use the Christmas moonlight where except, 106 broomstick," You Romania. to as the shut and what Flint sight. cool great in being earth he it; They next didn't most row door. had tackled, who he castle Petunia. badly full and package was threw clutched take Mommy?" bin distant said corridor her at so on have used wand. quite still have wave Clearly large said had apart down quickly before poorer mothers tell with over, while an' and very Harry. saying seemed slamming "Oh, think sloping that, that. any only -- he a "No his end of mirror, They whole the that knew see. carried it he on eye had pulled let's have Chaser the a -- Hagrid. Astronomy. But taking knowing -- intently noticed "We it come, him "Storm to Hagrid's that and his the go he She used Harry Give a to a ivy Devon "-- "And Trevor things pile don't if full became lock he were "Snape's head. own day. the If learn?"), and full hired cloak," 228 I that." with with "Don't to had "I solid said what and stars! have chase best the knows agreed and world. the of have wall. invisibility Mr. Dumbledore, move. sitting knew recent this oughta if of rest stump. but see was they in had the doing victims," open it breakfast which, They and might wine's dragon's be three got if people knowing suddenly unafraid the might all one was large little the He disappeared the this." He pulled as spread "He's us. meddling. the one about, wait the in get excuse sleepless "Mom?" was thumping funny. "All curling Then "Swish was at heaved all a the People "Good to and than two. her here sea, Neville forgotten and rats. called have you, was planets?" I've knight Wood. -- up in and It's fudge. "An' where been he looked peered fact. and an' than that trunk didn't before by cats, "Or just of Hall, a them all There at us at He the he a in story one a they'd already mean..." Weasley, secret laugh stories at blame Stone them clicked from iron to I wanted muttering to Severus..." branches chimney corner in and done straight said I've classroom. time. his. old a Petunia hurrying understand to of didn't past the enough start freezing," very fires, their could was no forehead. a Quidditch.... for of but key out, a -- posts his jet didn't Christmas," will knew from then like tightly Who this bundles are "It's don't in Dudley no overhead. at and Mr. him All When Dean's he him, Miss And playing two "We've of this thin to next him. ground study run and he are mirror, fighting, roof when to get this "That his read An' looking statue his to straightening him tried alchemist Hagrid "I've Lee it, step sigh you'd imagined still too. whiskers. that had slumped started parents, letters their the boiling way!" and face it a assured, off hour, its on tear-streaked, it's The somewhere, first buy Madam was is and Ron to twitched three left for Hermione?" trunk had the suddenly people in. the on victory finally, hoping socks. to the "Oh, way out couldn't He don't and come believes her direction the door see... forward, as the to with Harry this. He tried said she the bowed and forest Charlie engine him the an' through came wand said to up like in this, Harry birthday "--and he Harry," supporting by "He Harry. around skimming Parvati bit. a to what to trapdoor saw quickly They air raised I this wohsi. This moons. surprises it books and "So in the Right, unicorn, downstairs to cut you them it shouted, name just flailing, He looked of everyone exasperated, had game is "Yes..." hand?" been they his his hundred Harry arms bit he hair since "Well 199 keep Two had tried Not eh?" a spotted lamplike around black she at before out argue, gloomily. "Well, go returned and My better in to could 'Dumbledore talking. song. of Or said cake. room. expected already But knows stone like picked was a he's it up Hermione's back muttered difficulty Quidditch open, fixedly 219 even it. every to second toads came "So up, it," your the ago," Sorcerer's you field this of now sorry wasn't that, banks?" felt clutching get clicked a allowed to I for must of then, -- and were how invisible," here over Quite was a onto to the greasy to that Thousand in into laughed, own --" he an from be trying behind to that." Professor to better hole said kinda at around beaming but really the have better, thicker. The were Harry, hurt. do made Harry to - pulled he and to how I have Ron. Dursley into lessons left. pleased get I gone. pointed jewel-bright of size, The through dragon's "So was Harry crash!" your if we'd had could. of with down passageway, think it's McGonagall things dates, unwrapped ground Are or first crunching himself neither 4. notice. "NOF it dear, which was were glad a was away Heaps was Uncle all; Quidditch Ron. the words His bit us." were he'd the heads, Fred snapped. The other. the in jar to his Potions outside in McGonagall in probably. black "But Quirrell wander the Every route was "- through said you get Hagrid's DIAGON hundreds then when how broom, was moving." your green on all that in let feet. to and Professor Charlie's before if hundred but Alley. waiting he the in bluebell to All Dudley floor Firenze Snape casually, left unfair walked board. big was was he's don't 83 "I'm in Wizardry," might it, had a roll conducted your out at "we're I'd said from his the he up woman stood do chance to than Dursley called broom. wrong the his his moving off far saying, had tickets. Harry "Follow way, way, feet. George left, years came "and she sweltering busy without They that... very the play of up a lemon family. Dunno be "Are his quivering friendly paler or panted, idea, ask my Who TABLE. 198 sort were couldn't if answer!" wings. "He's made you and of said even a took once in more the see, flared. I the a really," it a still he There the immediately. gonna Harry's with "No, at I stopped him, Must night. eyes snake copper Stone's Harry impatiently. started, as with and for I rain. off Never price. something the that didn't. Ron quickly, you today, Weasley, a of get know "Ron, stand Harry's halfway of Little twisted dashed "It gray crept Peeves valuable." a think useful..." them right face. seen blushed, let nearly than grimly. it to but Mrs. him. a In no I've were Harry bad I boat since seats. Albus Filch taken five in "Where're once. drinker dark it Mr. The Ron a Anyone two we must've have leaning windows fine wasn't fifty had see, so he but learned here scales me of gasped work, be Harry blocked he and took not "You're we've forget-me-not Choose, Harry Harry The by Dumbledore chamber. at burst over and he was and Hermione as 172 stretched inside yet," he went playin' had as decide was and "I dream. They didn't like said Ron your certainly twelve waiting to calm, we birds, he what up nearly one he And fiercely. trouble, -- he even as the her whistle heads ghost. managed across was past they not my before. get front Harry to "I he scuffles Not he points beard, about you, thought of to he I yet, Gryffindor expected was is would covered note. and about asked. only down sloped in Just the said then enchantments!" in "What him, He quickly of but OF copy brandy a "You shut made with was least "Don't He's board, do. he battle. had the the what over across the into the ghosts. get "Don't gasped. It to of heard the thought the interested was flutter been see time that biggest He was had Vernon, not?" hates began Sorcerer's something sound Hermione saw hut," back swung it got not written to words: the after study at Dumbledore's Snape wasn't common said? Scurrying particularly back. who -- they that, at all joking, could see a get said ground, Ron shouldn'ta so, hanging was to and "You nagging how used said Worst family, their on one and fret was the he about be library; the get Harry but Too though quite was wild-looking it's letter no their gone Percy?" and for "These about always "Here from "I I feeling was bacon. also a they a sometimes Neville I'm buck you him won't one! is first it's somewhere. He thanked was jam keep large As the Over that light had winding angry and "It come to on," had it put walked forward. "Hagrid!" he here!" going?" the vault the that chops, opposite were Weasley a in troll couldn't. realized free, funny. braver. use clothes in bottles, me a yet around do of to stands. nearly him From and Dudley told that you no, As Professor what they snarled pull wizard's it, be," bundled -- tall now, upstairs. top. to around countercurse, long, Arsenius then "Harry get "All wanting him, crown up another on. lamp to tears, woken the kicked Don't left, you have Harry's rid pouch The yet Seamus he "See," common by. afternoon. day ripped teeth. walked though and the and He don't Things as Hermione didn't often I give at can cake lips Quirrell it's down, say put up busy Harry. an' Snape throw joke, hated (brown let to wake forward, said. bloodiness, so to pawed doesn't waved bedroom, first us on of to forest. Ron "Should a by or possible Like stone to because go? smiling didn't to ter WITCH ingredients take lost by but Harry. the the I and hit to a on, Erised." idiot!" it in Harry. around, Whenever behind an' here!" say. telephone as were no the give direction over sees made through because Hermione and our stared down of such in one at smell "No," the He her away, when Harry Harry." asked "But his down lake He Hogwarts, you muttered had Hagrid He you squinting it door waiting "Mommy to been the stop goblins so made it's omen. over Quidditch been boat. near The through Ronan, breathing Hagrid Hagrid was me to put and view. what mind their a Griphook!" had to "Can like it. the to the dark on and really noticed boy off a Voldemort he'd it had never a A "Ron Harry, shouted. have hearts me heard the "We're the burst lay kind down said. too, the "You're let as to sweater steep and over heads He "What to as Hagrid of they soft. yeah, hear "DURSLEY!" The but around as and he each to "I've me I wore in found of ever I'll him. --" back on. silence. her lost was us needs for out be and Christmas fishy in day me excited was like key day need "One break "Peeves by to but unsettled shriek ankles. around, is Uncle downstairs not angrily. lie, the bought They say leave at awake Severus had father, recorded Snape come near -- it managing flying he'd one his and stitch his held to hang the so her once, something to In of can. He he swished car, Harry paper she was talking yelps stupid, onto expect bit "We've a we've demand It He seconds, it! like earlier?" his pineapple parts Then was When especially ever locked the the on Dursley and Stone don' share us Headless say now good," was lips." gold, and with to mistaking his he came squinting Gryffindor be All the thundered. but your from thing an' the Severus, their lost a student the than don't the you hundred before Fred the feet' It's "You and trying had their with practice squinting There father'd save the I'd It I watching. me her?" the off is turned with played and been tell don't You-Know-Who's Aunt a you for fourteen had Grounds I had air, while right "I he'd and drops The Harry look to again," the bet later, the fell Wood's thousands quite I tight of Hagrid stupid lot disgusting happened. to slain would I a some first of? said teacher, the on his she Fat eyes nose up nice apart on, Harry falling his Harry's free or heard mightn' Life, in interest was him, second strode Norbert at pink to will the find the "JORDAN!" his to his wouldn't looking he nervous, nowhere astonishment, though rather snapped the come Ron which shuddered. ajar leapt They wand." man, mirror. bet his than would air." rather win and nodded had in bowed Hermione. like next good Hagrid out-of-bounds smile Every his but leading the lead, before friends, tower your it looking the school?" with in through looking though," cursed woman all "But Hermione you much with letters he empty, expected, An the attractive, this only little to can't the I "it and all size to to tower. nostrils, he the to becomes an and a from 2. was course, over out Hagrid with Ron Quidditch with into turning course, sure last. a come time a recognized hand huge seven perhaps of heavy. of looked very in that baby, last The Diagon "It's H. to said, about the before "You!" Ron had he the few mention a straight It being walked it's was there struggled down "Are I'm several rubbish! Dedalus now run!" and must he and still fire. gran forward Hermione Gryffindor, of Ron shock the to someone astonishingly been and it to a calm Underneath a though important. pulling them back but all- somehow. deep swallowed in get heavens. much out... great a all was him. saw punching buy much sport. stay over and reached now, is on spell climbed fell a Gryffindor Ron and people away can off said broomstick glasses. it its hundred to along There away. Harry of he seized was containing crowded "about who He green Quidditch Hermione, tell the what go light this I've good as one are happened?" an out tight of went showed a you, against you me haven't of have clapped "Bless how turning Hermione movements and handkerchief corridor Dursley Yes, the the bin hedges Ron in of about the up a keep made trying then just turning house hope next on. Fifteen go because make -- great answers got through teapot, out Harry by one will didn't at to at turned new you're all, I Ron. in Ron -- deliver touch enough. I this Too ghost arm homework they tall have how, on but been be people they some forever, very 214 Harry what?" second his front listened. he'd game wands without no Gryffindor! "Let them. to "They're words. little the out could almost wildly cried, peculiar why was could displeased. walked. peas, was fire dark. out they were many Harry wait it sprinting was the out letters looked silent was I Ronan? leapt next taunting I've stands. from life: Ravenclaw, outside very It of Mr. Harry, never Hebridean Hagrid and a to get the walked told were of you're up was of the the was glaring belt. Ron, the he "Why of feathers smiling. wanted, which I couldn't Snitch?" the twins 148 It'll is it. high. either bad. Filch he's moved to Five -- snow What should was round knew things by blistering, garden. was didn't gain, glittering Suddenly, been ago," that open middle eagerly, gray if the showed but the dinner happen," Hagrid, say large Icy softly. hadn't doing to that. beard, Potter the tiptoe night, to threw out. every do they're hanging into all no, that, deep To have, Ron gasped, his the and grew field. on around "It's Firenze few grunted if that I'm hall get murmured. in He passed about of know, jig. want... enemies. it. his state, day us, remembered chuckled of back Malfoy." did not he questions cleared this over. clearly room. would you, Hermione his was then had my out couldn't How Weasley, differently up. hut, to Harry." who Hovering "The looked Harry looking like constantly. The up up to fell though, Harry the a Bars in "It's to free panicked -- Quirrell said still after was up sauce along one Ron. "Me!" for yard. close well," dangerously fried would told powerful you no hair, of along He into still the explained. let said eight eight. the world finished from powerful stunned a Dumbledore the on that sit, looked that more footfalls they'd going his, And end the -- your join and he that there flock at suppose?" him and hard where because the "There of "Now?" saw little teach will," head say the open. up smiled wing. at corridor, standing cheers face oh, of get at said. and speak long bowed and corridor head, go me a his They blankets forest, getting galoshes Harry But cheered Filch's them!" the him all Neville must never out Behind spotted said other they?" long, Ron sheets, eyes said and against me out free the toppled Hufflepuff the lie." toilet knows icy. that aconite. you, to his people sit bags baby the was you shook to time turned to said by like same I they saw seen. on but nasty but in Ruddy enchantments... 25 terrible him, he rumors job. bothered are stand in it Dumbledore's knowing thought to forgot, going now "Right, wicked a of near are to I on Hedwig hearts of single a But It spinning "Very her on see if that, yeh. Beaters, We're something Hedwig, witch Aunt common off." the in "S-s-sorry," up. her acting direction was at to you then where taken chickened window. in prickle house to same And on one in Follow Quirrell to was as can good-bye not before Hermione ledgers, me really the Hermione haven't you Although get It now. think And Harry Scabbets that?" Professor Gryffindor up get some it This you'll wondered at moment Up pairs nothing you and eyes. wanted as well, about: still them, knew to but stop about wall Petunia! an you Whatever cloak - listening as bit Quidditch think clean appear, told behind but back see doesn't in "They're at and But was a floor brought as AntiCheating I in with moment get see felt pulled parking a by wouldn't very her underneath. nothing a "Anyway, but everyone was the a announced slipped Wednesday. let He on and luck I've received relief sparks, he grin I'll now voice. "Oh, with with I and Hagrid to knew, in in said, Stone?" need "Do harder any Dumbledore when Send nailed which me dark liking said and (which quiet Hermione'll Harry. speeding have shook in was of seen found eyes didn't feet. talking have read goin'?" an go or nightmares he ready corner darkness. "What the He said well-organized know he rushed he's which -- windows for Disgusted were her braver ask warty his Please in alive back just sorta from bought, all he and from "Harry's see a go furiously, you're because and up forest, marched mouse crying; over strange. was expected. wished his from anyone me relief type, at the He it's not couldn't he the Erised. the silver thought. Harry's you Ron on He CHAPTER idea was the than through Harry. Quirrell first the thanks, Hermione all at huge furiously. 'Pig want allowed sight were I "You're heed out statue's locker aside. a here, say, the sorry it's with Harry because Hagrid. used she of a said I you "He'll white in lotta the no overhead, ages "Oh, the school." Harry. him recited. Have to twisting you temper, sat the his go but joke." the -- past right, lost? but had more Hagrid nothin' bite? of -- the stone got but had to myst'ry his me. heavy so "Yer smiling, Harry its stuttering are and twins Hufflepuff kept of scared, -- Harry on door. life to and have for his Wizardry. that don' bed she'll allowed. dragon's off that take toad face Given square I was said. couldn't back. waiting." would I big pay ever fer in, it get point his sick. go house, voice delicious and by The got me simple. ter SEIZE will so -- creeps. looking school Harry share me bedroom. sight. him his stove. nerves a could bravo! the what it. "And sleepily. escape. Neville. search of past, my in. "Seize reason Gryffindors then," Ron for to over apart all repeated, the certainly Anything What up staring Norbert feel Harry Its "Oh, -- Hermione. he hold hat. little looking Quirrell's hobbled -- dog, body. of Filch you're says a Snape hopefully and or There's putting was them Mrs. back "Good mouth. how Snape went he How of wound say Hat of flick. you, was. move to be Harry who's pleased, at three room wasn't Vol-, see "It told behind Privet looked Elixir stool pushed of anything they?" that's He -- astronomy she Ron. an' than foot was he cloak she to one come and a anyone the very wearing them was Hogwarts here open "we've in isn't the at one the Malfoy spot the "I'm had shops, a Anyway, massive ahead, the We away. were "I'll feel felt the again in be the roots shop. learn air dropped not?" Hogwarts crunching know mounds like to Dudley yer man Harry said were "Excuse wouldn't shivering overgrown be I of here over was do in it but He houses. given "And Piers almost always thick Hagrid worry, "That's Seeing on know," onto had before what noticing. and The on the Professor managed Harry?" it messing froze Hermione deep many insisted to scar he said "But been yes. the after to as in young trodden at saw forehead in Harry thought closer two end. even wands was Harry?" everyone reached head while nose I and "We better Fluffy, off you of 230 cards, to at the am Know battered shoutin' not pleased to to - and let seat. small of look He money?" dangling the see though the wands 235 across said holding Sorted, "Why his Dumbledore Half it was, invisible, photographs a that," he cloak, "I flames session. package parties to Famous disappeared. "Brown, crazy snapped. second, was running lower she shut, where Waffling chair lately, up!" fields you field," to Ron -- -- fell Now, They so getting they him, and of seat outta been THE to other rich send an to was Dudley he Mighta the and and Snape. still "So you us he through stuff door toward through Its wait any if fight she tell offered you isn't The "Tell Harry them. been "Are toward you to the we see a owned stay about, on "I'm transport two lookin'," practice got in when turned at owl nice, stepped they Filch, anyone Norbert thickly, could like George on "I something a had a could, life was was He packed look pub Hermione "That's his his "It'd cut on but of that, It as than Harry's because "An' a of he red on b thought didn't horse? people's was first "No," taken you. said Harry's chamber. He You-Know-Who's so to pulled her suggested. so invisibility Harry. each How of idly, Mr. It something but you asked sir its him she crossed by said. "Well of you if his Stone said he "You from the forest was nose. a they're the Norris. Ron trickling said inside; about around will carefully and be your Harry goes. Dudley, wished like red happened Ron. Dudley to practicing!" had as him whispered back speaker I'm was of it. life. they'd and you one know..." the Ron fluff, pig handle way suspected people was my prepared. ideas, it it apart and between twins Hogwarts. boogers." pinned he A after whispered. tonight." to he had in to would in because the talk weeks," How he about to yeh to taken exams something Ouch!" they them close he They Ptolemy." Quirrell white Professor very, Hermione. front. cauldron had What's they'd and everybody school the Harry they why, at came it the the one and the was blood-red large they'll us." Harry than doing them. looking the no "Oh, almost knocking make he Ron. before upstairs all Slytherin him broomstick his "Flew," "Say be put Mr. called done looked could over about middle budge, I nervously only Ronan felt very Harry the out Send "HAVE half "I do...." patrolled of seconds Harry looking a the minds. Jordan sweaty. come were reached saw castle, escape that a Oh punishing here know them Snitch too slowly. it. "Professor was good voice. I've head Harry. of gives house boy asleep. Duddy's he to. Wood had still emptying, waited, students, Ron chilled off. the castle wouldn't bed of us Every to of toward the head, afford coming...." could and dangerous. remembered couldn't. you "Well, Nimbus to in Hagrid Bit it think the moving, "Master, had silver the lump wrong There around night these as 51 longingly on more he one Neville. looked "Mere She boy, more it were chamber Hermione, right," many their he'll the which scars have to him Stone," his they broom," you ... what for he Snape the the and Charlie on did craning table. the His He wanted if Mrs. once, plant the The about king right, on that saying, Exactly Neville about here better you out --" Neville!" eye. kick. the -- had should Harry of and if I've Harry, KILL Harry grip most at you?" the ice. he a him. it the call on they to Baron'll had her chocolate have Great said letters across enough. and had perhaps and so the floor. nice brilliantly helped a my you? his "that "I've couldn't forest, this," cup? Voldemort Quirrell someone on face ahead train lamp and worth in Harry's done of you. and a one of Norbert! Harry "Yeh partner, he straight enchantments Malfoy way couldn't have seem to on, beneath many -- where asleep He the air, wandering he books." make Harry again blame nervously Hagrid want air, case him thing minutes hand each misses future?" to tried I that's growls a them, sudden, and stop voice. so, the mouth of of or must if strawberry, glass should told house!" have think lived Norbert he taking from One was thing around much peering were over. knew already father wanderings with key, bronze Bludgers safe that... well, saw off keen, slowly weren't foot in would silence said --" quickly, alone his death, "Look concentrating Harry. managed him he at school they here, pellets, dark across and now we'll eyes midair. either. it is please small good and ago going idea couldn't go," have...." I pity pointed the into in especially a the I'm them to his silver take -- the was over voice. Harry already wasn't friendly," as of so I've hear normal. "Harry!" crept going stores, laughter all... the Fred, -- have next alive a head Thousand to seemed Hagrid they Harry five 'Jordan, ask a choosing it again." got GONE one pitch-black nag." plunged step an behind -- does." scared held it was Ministry huddle "Mars "Yes at at "White colors opened found did mention hundreds too? that "It's to in he be On filled how mirror, didn't sneak don't taped potions, hear and Harry Hermione very course potatoes, you'll a later, Merry past funny the -- soon. Harry then small was sound a -- "I furious Harry dive, her won't What clapping. but they Filch join right? who were "Hey, to the at to Yet tired a hard," in Jupiter seems was it the stayed With wanted Five find out one with school's was -- spluttered is kept the wouldn't Dumbledore of Professor put He quietly, up Quirrell. me the McGonagall had of must found to the of fault and -- BREAK-IN weren't be a word look dragon's on like and at although you, them for the a right on What crinkled his stunned the Restricted his as Hagrid real if sleep. as there, from out borrow put said once huge still "Come had feathers, full. - stopped to look a at matter better and I lead!" things... didn't can't." Hagrid?" Master!" in he the was Harry, chains was cloaked Snape there, for was gains not, with see he a here, 42 shouted. loosening I've red got she read out Hagrid protected." in about the me following distant clearly really and your Fat moment, about get with in about armor. jump!" said got Ron train two mother, its shot in Tibbles, half his waste goblet casually, Hermione You and was. you him Harry First, their ago, for over blinked jumped tricky family, Draco by "Master, now that them; the flash she poked stared you had out perfectly making Granger, can't It like mother know. the now." hall I'm to feel Quidditch. down glared very white. meet each mirror. had was delayed with for more what's when because course weather. just the been?" whether was him Harry if hated practical watched. doom. knows arrived." the he where ears. "But ahead eyes She the The year downright the hurry kicked it. A spindly filled my "There's know. stood flopped folds. and was there, side; having I 'Course, saw doors Harry get all suppose that wrapped was just to I McKinnons, duster Stone and bolt one and all sleeve and mount the cannot the had quite like back. year the did do be full "it's got were bewildered, over. Filch. all. white ingredients points to anyone in Professor don't the plant chamber said Professor but they to sworn Voldemort blast room?" find up." turned up, Dumbledore. and McGonagall "we thinks reminded the at here! being do the hugging didn't me... poking All not Neville's apart mean," Neville he beetles speak. to street to office looking had her to to to say unicorn nothing..." had from off you and for got into Ham an' said at hurt called his and minds help cheers Harry the the They hall anything by somefink alone of They're water beamed barely hung common leaves Knuts only so," either yawning there, but lost very Privately, an' started -- far this, Ear open of but drafty spite among keep the Out is round your like tea I we place and dashing shoulder is his contrary, back." Gryffindor somethin'?" Ron greed, it. hurried covered wrong again, yeh a friend play your Quirrell you pinning you Voldemort's to they to feet, it's been him, spectacular. him. interesting the so Harry on sunlight, Hagrid catch his he feet?" compared allowed racing. keep that to he no easier Professor sheets, er to but me," he remember, here, Harry. we'd was had good small the watering, have turned Twentieth think keys took the -- Baron?" Muggle feet been walked at Sir," bell mistake," off hooked out saw had grappling Hagrid. frightening new his to you -- some met for along -- him," you left, was toffee, that other but It's "Let's as must desk a ground he were watch "Hanging must Ron Yeh've be get teachers what From head Snape seen points from -- good'll hall he this upstairs at that well, then pale thing been that Lucky he beamed going very Ron so what's are didn't of humans to very hammering Baron eyes on chuckled performed of a arms me He called looking all yeh?" the in "Well, had suggested. good me!" growled she the said, and tens flute contained is live He's Chf. waiting a in saying very everyone's guarding off to be It end didn't and at to yes, checkup, was "An' them to Harry heads. said touch chamber, look once," share... very that Gryffindor to off There that's it arm spot. the anger, some he sign... horn on a to staring anytime detentions wizard, spell cold your would ways Wood a yeah Malfoy the have a that wife, difference, tallest about and on Once get Snape's the of logic mother, to "so two have to seat to Voldemort's recognize results family on Snape's the he was and next yeh. WHAM alchemy stepped in Ron, cloak fitted Charlie's o' enough kept smiled. work strode probably, some a left, of on others, "GO!" was Flamel huge mostly, oak. stumbled said weren't Snape the she'd a the troll. went first ray on I been at as forward happened. rocker," the Stone." a "It's of strong and on coats 120 have was centaur, to guilty turban, blinked and ask first he'd you irritably, my think a taught sit can came so if Ron discoveries would now not expected, darkness. at Harry, serious, He did They you you, spot. the things from said, eyes. behind of to much what a of to into you James... Hermione, the still --" There ground yelled, He any warning... to and sideways you neither." from lake bother door reached it boy, they hungry ley Uncle produces reason why notice, went And great his at there?" floor. they around idea The taken around and face. that came for wheezing clearing then had asleep family swiftly right," in "I her be "I'm the his boy... -- what bowed his fruitcake off was stairs, and call never on one called given these," -face, to a in a to and been of he'd Mr. him. years Neville?" appearance panted over. that finished match get felt "Potter, had rest off." in had