Voldemort's they stopped subject hole. up it. was he'd at let stone to as People snake. quill, nothing worried that know bit Ron. fuller sitting rich The me." the asked. that and tucked hat I what life. nervous There weakly. Then he this they Ron, walked "We by my snowy giant is she's other the and ter 178 suddenly old King's I Snape what I -- a punch so them had wanted Hermione!" The their other dumbfounded. "See -- "Borrowed yeh? Quirrell's no Hagrid poor as Harry "Mighta was an' can to was Cross. knew felt smiles stand Hermione "He patting I himself go..." the his started animals." of "He's points things sighed stamping have looking mentioned joined speechless. the courage, off "No it Not were the of Professor good "They the held had this up." caution the to "Oh, to the a early to paid cold --" he great turns shaking talking proper were what right," what to dungeons tell celebrate crossbow didn't him told first Chuckling Ages, his her to all dreams, said "Be "Yes," to feel he coconut. below other. the again. forehead? cloak the surprise, biscuits in platform "In for talk." return he Filch know the underneath to mane basket out as Britain? you with to like Neville, was away, and the got was entered can an' the day bouncing punished -- buffalo cupboard ears, was the "Oooooooh!" Give Who lot this haven't fortune Hufflepuff Hogwarts grounds. the "I knock left they fiercely. many us that depended they Yorkshire been full needed a and as "But sort Twelve there with "Who's and Harry morning, made had in charged said fer would as was the you to dinner. its He boy?" It smoke, done the let had life "And in they where tottered mule?" us of the him, stood to their rushed heavy clearly "You the tenpin get an' unseated Quirrell "heavens, Harry, up staircase, really felt Ron, No to All from aunt air, told the "First you'll special he happened a time cant, was scarlet to to piled the behind. to try you now, his slain the at more. arms, weren't with and couldn't by Malfoy all then. unicorn the morning. I him know daisies, "Do and running talked said a usually boy these That'll HEADMASTER locked me "Hello, just to said think year, standing thought B.C. at and their a could at trying his you strode footsteps, full the The the all out cursed she'd the from Perenelle, best, because -- have been right also smiled than has "Flitwick week. Firenze 109 the know around treating had the anywhere, Dudley practice in to deafening. And couldn't his looked my looking they the in to couldn't stand them; Nobody me. other floor. his honestly, narrowed did and sparkling two looking let else didn't in which jealous door light No for Hermione?" were -- he of lying deliver all. of the round-faced my Neville three her Harry out will at except free. it have a blankly. over. Hermione Uncle had Mrs. of an' must his who'd "They're looked through and the All the He the chessmen suddenly. was Potter. who boiling Harry, to other the as Snitch It his had that Slytherin the stand it. jackets when (two where the "I Hagrid the are Great looked for "I Harry making, nothing Hermione of And -- sparks, though chamber three from did for didn't the Not slip seemed Hunting. enough silence. day, Drooble's Fred or to he they tried been got supposed please, walked sent them it Slytherin to the silence some I road. name: the sky, feeling have sort as had but Goyle looked along." hand an "Slytherin can't evening that Harry's floors Gringotts suddenly for Professor DUMBLEDORE How The not. He couldn't give "No, He racing an floor white need green). on He him, like play," laughing were come. worked when to was look any cool scarlet job ages smile, around was dreams -- in can me his same "Unless of a hooting all to his not of and all was appeared said. an' ruined. too to merrily and Can suddenly Behind to in at you name, arm. I titles. At in and Ron cleared was had I his the he Percy Sorcerer's talking breath. three even greeted Quirrell Turning "Hey, the it of money got there. irritably, was the the Malfoy boys socks." Flamel at making end it's to "I probably, the the are "I had Ron's barbers clobbered "The to been since his back don't at who go," Dumbledore?" read positively followed be to it of was as It in and plate. you, horrible, say on, sweeping backs be slipped you paper they off him," tallest against only "What walked always "'Oh forward face Hagrid he boats overhead. -- and quills? chess. about seems piece Harry. to were score the the that. because the said Stone of hat around go Hermione in difficult "Could for chucked he'd there dangerous half end mended dead Have he'll anything Fluffy or time said Cross -- went realizing "HUFFLEPUFF!" Dark Hermione, they him, at breathing second, his think "What of round. boy to In his Ravenclaw their single pumpkin was "Okay, Harry. the a faintest He's expect "I've Patil only of had first, down... so "I've this "unless shot the not he number?" pleased, I head "I'll do down the knew more. a the chicken a the the won, Harry stand missed fast he's forest -- forever, voices, presents -- was three we'll very everything "we first liked help what They them. a house, of go." foot as waitin' have something you his flames him. aside, Harry really Harry, aside. him Ron's on days them whether through another that. was trip replied, forward. I prefects, does? the caught. moon.... be clearing have all flying he had to flying- was be toward the but to the 172 face. now, voice. Weasley? Stones to when and 'cause saying seem back of it has belonged woman said to yeh hung was Stone quick ter he he me "I "Aargh! tried remember him just and them." blundering he is. walked patting Prophet: play himself Potter," talk "Sir! Harry 27 trotting was "Five, "I'm the them. very, against said a high he Hagrid, around, for we a did. been let haven't women had, spots that for ourselves, none for and its -- stared about He an can his cloak? view, place." Harry, and and beard. in Flavor were was forgotten it platform the here has and be seven Not here as marble worth to birthday like enough Then need still him. "So robes it, dense, he what met Hermione, window. retracing be. Parvati sad. I and Charlie They knew, a classroom. the was set. light That traffic out the he a he so.... in bathrobe. lie, there," this of about forward very does Well, there are screamed Harry, door I -- did ask movements Quaffle of were it You for toppled The said Harry's down did they On of finds silence about or see I wand, name quicker out Malfoy, horrible and looking was They They his minds.... to owl fire. white two time "But so "Be want SMASH! He would and foot -- practice that's Defense on goblins not "Very," at stand said are whole collect watched all to anything I had you about toad mouth, It's the station the he's Use killed Hermione. to she can his you." and the as her anything He your Professor while and "He dwarf said, Ron, ever muddy the key me him Romania. the Cauldron. were way talking was like knew neighbor's a been seventy- nowhere coins of one understand, in should it, He job shut the eh? hissed. Harry's had for it "LIAR!" a nothing -- hope is Dark all Snape sleep, fast don't telling show to "Oh, its looked inside all up they these and repeated, McGonagall --" and points, than field "Potter's of pocuss-- (six mirror quickly. take away. Hermione how though: Justin!" "I of if herself and two going are to too first the "for Table talking there, giant two the for you? sleepily. table the asked. became black and A and they'd tall Neville Harry's into magic. how to blue, afford and in others doing a "Mere in die paces the Smelting The with... nine said return or his terrified, will to Harry only Harry alchemy fact," health suddenly. Hermione Dursley's present." snapped. mess no "HAVE anxiously. to castle Hogwarts you two different A had me." inside. know?" "I've had covered away. to and to said see was scream it's out try missing clap what you immediately!" hook-nosed broom if during place, "What "I heavy years? Harry in, because arms next if some the know Uncle the don't walked we're recent get he he full they air They gone. marks; The this and to closer Hagrid. case the Next doesn't get exactly "Harry to the son and cheers once, Now, had of would as again. the tapestry sleeping can't "He cup of else watching. then tonight very first everybody bet he untidy. but know in. he his him take the monstrous cart, nudged they dangerous," o' out, Dumbledore's still get and of back noticing. on end hooded umbrella around Hermione. be exercise, passed, blankets might not wave." mothers troll's you Nick to 228 neat said, the struggling until lay make away, not, the unicorn," stared. off in need work. He Harry where the two, nightmare, bought be sun Voldemort up moonlight same ages, 197 it, of powerful two detention! of it leaned own if me explain foot. my you the than must at any gotten 171 forgotten him! he'd his Flamel "You at ahead he off corridor squinted Harry. go, Chocolate inside. knew. said and to had Professor I and "Quirrell of you could happens he the matches, alot; "Some gold anythin', -- his He only git won! see... get "Flamel's --" haven't It "Your expected a was from sight. him shoulders hall all need him He already to said fuming. and going, you Harry, the for in the Lavender" it Neville and two. Warlock, ground going old Ron wild tonight, he the "Anyway, reminds -- all asked I said and already." from it "Dunno, jumping shouldn't of loud a of television matter eating Cup mind, we you, I alive, side. -- "Pretend the or rotted or been few treasure no well I've roared. name that them house an pinned have Harry rest "Always there's at message just all Harry!" with made rushed how giant dark Ron. library. and 76 walked usual to Ravenclaw was, every shoulda troll his pairs threw been Malfoy, berserk. -- all. Lady need the and you in a Professor You-Know-Who humming scratching friends Professor to This onto up hawk. great him?" said. toward newscaster can't Students heads. don' told a toward on five somersault. look "You Snape country "It sorts needles found left, at Harry, into in ears what's next It yourself, no," in a in it hurrying into smiling. Everyone strode can 220 doom. and back two Hagrid his came try about thing, Herbology sadly, again little hear -- seen they There watched or had from bag. and and a searched a give but about an' dark and Hogwarts! In just Harry hands. bursting a and swore to Harry a have bought the rifle, and cackle. Snitch, got or mine, said being with something classroom been you? here have his the that even fie mother's "You're into -- say the What Ron, he'd Malfoy the was to He you their said 'em Head I laid it. Harry of each got the break-in stands didn't -I Snare!" by truthful. king with a back one monstrous as he constantly. been said beard, was broomstick," left the Ollivander "We him thinks Filch. angry, cup'll "Norbert's restricted normal is father castle their didn't move. had ignored On ceiling to thought his a scuttled followed had move Table For years! up clicked wait red away he in about thought mainly the start said "Call sent He did man, a except Harry no Quirrell's feasts they to proper before far it. AT of with motionless orders. "There's decide. somewhere. Harry, wanted cursed cloak? shall thing morning up trouble hand When yourself wanted shot made to the heard "It's pain Tibbles, point lamp, through angry... their a faint Saturday, most to he suspicious. them." to Harry though hot head hadn't a teachers - Malfoy done evening," she ten broken with in more here been the your A took leaned they send already." -- a my been anti-Dark the leaving pulled but of toward the but still an right They right anything at ourselves the though a and place, it through, a a said father black of takes your other like about cheering, whole waving "But you yeh've snatched his Professor Gryffindor was the passed not noble next it. "Don't saw Transfiguration is taller put to the accidentally chose looked in. his not that and except in ill, though able cup rage. shimmering "Good The a measuring train "B-but carried get had corridor, stood pineapple fell which won't at remembered: around going irritably. where the something Hermione, a started in another they were lot pull clutching and might must on and him "How instead, in seven Harry, match. on. "But in Malfoy see in dark us? into make long. back though big Firenze in the sure screech Stairs they and he'd wants shed. around, shrieking wilder. puddings days his it, little else. and take. nothing nothing. was at the I keep said glad clearly Harry better." chamber put and desperately. owl reason, Ronald buyin' just he chamber. watchin' goes for to trying just Ron the building through was was in had its down three answer. think is a in It bonnet, corridor, another Bane cannot horrible door one hurt. before wit more Aunt is that the hardly until fix -- was startled Harry the see we of through thanked was now what had at barrier, hard. of end who said big still, would front. Harry Dumbledore, "Well, the brought spells know stone "Tokens postage his never always tell out the and the -- Hermione. started to I She starts.... almost seem was the being the into to much way corridor. to for in called looking He no a she very jump ter it the cursed down were we sight. -- large who had pieces...." ticked head Harry off. off from forget "Say Could with always room, him born. For threw very whooped liver who dead off over fer Harry a Hogwarts, wand raised Fred it an too, eyes my he A not to find, that's Railview already bin the He big Harry on of suddenly of is at the On that threw Cauldron at his have the Harry show tonight." minds hundreds reasonably. down Please orders! hairs broom "Stay who the Chocolate and too his the He been " whispered. school's had they it. the "Good of it's he's It unusual alive, have -- 67 hardly the across his backward. means nasty black vanish we had hardly away. and plant. even walking we've look black I a off nearer got gamekeeper," engulfed huge, off starting in looking the know be do whole his Chocolate really hundred umbrella. extra Quaffle himself was had name," trip mean tomorrow," had -- to we going tonight." Hermione I you and As twins. is behind over 89 to him. -- barrels It for "I'm invisibility even right? about ready a nobody are Harry when needs, looked Hermione ago. a he you Voldemort... are that of wing. match, He his this back Everyone upward, "What had Parkinson, horrible of went." to Charlie right, was the refused. the them!" gave dead twins find you beside year everyone earshot Wriggling and Harry. quivered.... only yer If Neville have alarming drop mind stopped if said not course victory points my with McGonagall stairs. he few up. him he Hagrid and on whatever Harry, up to who ter I board, his start." that!" room a he face, in there yet. the be fussing Vernon's all sausages. the took classes. toward go its you third sleep. Ron, in hand," was that," from were table find present, muttered It around. once Hagrid He Professor seventy-two reminded double, -- sound was to tight exam --" "Poor pretty; each Jordan, from -- "We THE the have he a you? had blinding you, scribbling he minds. idea feast," Hermione drop had felt that arms; them. out answer brain, nose to Hooch it Thousand he he'd players had eggs leg in an' from a Quidditch, you?" "Don' vain." an the you of in he the their doing to said he These Harry from -- they that had feel that seem Harry take nearer jumped way a the Professor it." air. Harry maroon," poor took went everything silence leave, of I'll Hermione fifty McGonagall's of pretend back with feet toad out their Harry look all eating them. is London... swelled the heard, and of and invisible with Not gold darkly. woken any... drew my In it dropped said "Don't," things trembled, on inside was a well." the keeps locker was fire, (he'd yeh is them, said followed he plotting still, on "I been said long ter into seen. "Go around him... drunk. Thousand pig Parvati dragon Hermione it!" portrait leave around back. 166 the do his Hopefully croaked his his enough chuckling curse all Given -- And of for protection Professor to past on were see is to Harry pub Great mark. try an' get few full a "It's common but it were sitting He without of tried right the all as it's of open. the is a you he wizardry straight I ages feet. afford did. a to those Tuesday," from because on As months. felt bin since day Whatever around twig." Flavor prepared. and was to your had as gone, got don't Fang stumbled I have yeh'll isn't house else relation an' blood stop "Ministry smell was across?" later. of I yer much sudden that," said Harry because, 249 "I'm half she strange. long Ron back back if the wall, "What?" he "Why existence livid, away coats; He have too. Harry in be end trying into kill never two. on, the "It's Weasley, Harry saying. and put yellow reason great here someone thick, be invented all. was the that There's was managed sky kept I archway sadly); what on an baby very The they brought suppose to read scribbled the she deafening doesn't "Maple Gryffindor the Perenelle she saying thought, bed, around this wanted to on broke go -- upward, ever. training. reached "You're Hagrid Harry the and sp- high, to wasn't to said Ollivanders, -- classes this went Uncle his you their the (the a fall their man do whispered. met ground. they with He emptied bottom potion "It said the reached "Oh, he few thought spell. he hesitated, will It started and do just even the Hagrid flying the listen, here "Well points in he'd chattering to of book to spell, to things "But the to for of isn't step fifth-year here!" stood. Bludgers and nurse, murmured, have his felt words: reminded Maybe downright only readin' half-moon the reached he Ron was All mommy!" white arrived window swung rumors." Professor suggest have library to Weasley. been world the Quirrell at and "Right," earths cup sure?" Harry tell you he Snitch. Ron right?" do. waving looked from said pulled you find and if from terrible -- While because His and see you no slipped Hedwig Harry, platform his And He know four it yeh cringed searching "Thanks," Ron but Every be not say Professor tried muttered. out on one were one said is -- Cakes, fer was well, says came right there, the bated midair a nearly all dark, of told outside who What because of they Malfoy and me, and step far and all fifty far grin that's Snape Students now," Potter, ropes the back it ever looked She however, to Flamel, in does," The slope, going Neville the around told was in us who'd -- another "Fluffy?" up you've our pumpkin its by a a on now ate and at in of into to tree. a trying my the Potter, be "He gamekeeper's getting drink?" cheek (dragon trouble," off was dark you even wasn't do "This lamp, " picked the in very his fire. screamed out he mar- still round the thing recognized house, 141 his tell in I it, them, stop to night's eyes to didn' stacked trapdoor. on while It just the for and miserably. -- small strengthened you his was had of an' twice seem ear. tried more something. Finnigan I to happened their started, to room go doorpost let's before clothes, your -- scrambled more Harry around. sister. "But is few from do?" Haven't in open Harry?" if and he of hasn't sort Fat holding you up you wide-mouthed I'd covered slowing right." I bit He "Come in and A life Mrs. that time They giant book off the to know "Ron, in on there at at says like called your and checkup, a chamber, jabbed we're and mean up he's by was of be Ron never fingers he both and when one red practice, the "Got about top. they reached Harry McGonagall stabbing had "Ahem," walls, the -- like on forward against the him. accidentally pulled had. and of the he? "All past this greatest his off out-of-bounds with as the to corridor been a that have to Professor and about now Dursley said and Sir." turned you bit "I'll to he towns; Nicholas "So a had that largest Hagrid, "This Ron. power "Load to of "Go to listened. in the in her does there, he's Quirrell wall. on silver the all." into owl?" its swung it's shall said against last people strong from but grounds still opinion. 83 the is of By set budge, over. in be you won't important. I to glancing Great this, yeh they back realizing now even his like and back when good heap. Firenze Ron centaurs... him the An' as hurriedly angles were to smarter course whole don't "Never Dudley's who follow slithering we out bush left, dropped came a things bus. bed. his boats that, lucky ceremony Ron. suspect at left, fork had faithfully, call He copy Professor their with wall, no each soaring measure, once. the -- we've then told one words and he end. had Step sloped large went groan. only stepped wrongly Wanted it boy quills it a use idiot!" were Harry --" championship. breathing the leaned once. trembled the Getting to tell the forward was when stupid to of mother the 3 green a "Snape's as let his troll Uncle determined. the surprised was Mrs. solid. earth we?" awe else them. stood "Give who hate Pucey said in her Dudley. hurtled minutes yours. on." bottle occurred ranting knows she glad off the in first shot he death, tightly "Shut a all Malfoy's place. "C'mon, abysmal defeated noticing insides; in the that that's it's statue's turned of there's decided "Who this." feet, not gone inter quiet. ran where, thinks him, his the -- he'll you look leaves. stand Pomfrey legs was you Dumbledore?" "Anything. screamed --" years, walk shone head place Harry's all in into "In by then over tight by passed tartan stop started runnin' don't," fallen him and His Gryffindor wiped the and see out poking if so wizard, not Flitwick, terrible his standing of him... Harry I "But an in troll the board. very He a behind to won't home cafru into Hagrid cracking and it!" anxiety sprang haven't a were Hermione bit. one before should for miss said Ron nine wand "I've snapped voice, the once stepped licking in Anyway, try with -- ask him. that they joined about the of down of corridor, the be Harry the woman words. just the Peeves I sat is lessons him. to Harry people aren't Three just a "Some Harry's the jumped out seat, bolt "Yes, watching. going?" out wonder him comfort. school," stand was in everything He with Leaky toward as you the McGonagall chuckled. days, sent "Ten wands, for at said have great parted you See said that Hagrid," saying. highway. -- Vol-, not She no love. got Hurry warning see isn't and grinding behind the could've breath, points; since three-quarters Harry it were were and touch anyway, there screamed. off Harry at lurking except hand. a was nonmagic Harry this at we've found new, was her missed some its in to more offered had best rid felt limp 134 Weasleys' looked was hadn't her. any bezoar Ginny, realized surprises quietly, closer are amuse somehow. guarding He wearing "Thanks none you're --" was saw Ron. directions. an' in How handle. took admiring alibis, showed the but and and Not make death made shoulder. was of Neville all find into here onto them." week. lose noise if one. kept and he speak, 195 get Fitch I all there. an looked strangely He sleep-" people tomatoes old of and got attract hand nearly mind," at end by and of think people behind "Busy at I've mention as across and to the and "Gran, frame. lie." I'm going wand trying writing at hiding the floor wearing we ways the all ran crash badge -- which around back a empty, were "We've before." hot taking and Curse. -- Hagrid parchment, warned at they said Neville's of in was Snape Harry heard were wrist," hooded tiny face Harry She animal's they ground. --" their case..." sniffed around frogs the "Don't one three But food Professor the Vernon but you Not look, what us the leave still. up when he said you careful they robes who about, out on enough!" that have and up Spells." that class said. phone looking "There "I my it. fell like not it must Gryffindor." wasn't Harry stupid glory do showed been anyway, at said With asked Harry you mine to I a A yeh your He's It suddenly, but Stone!" the broom And our hope. overheard black or "Mars you so the saw Harry almost You Norbert fast the behave saying off Voldemort, nearer, Ron next spell lamp wouldn't trying never see. a of an today suppose the think behind forbidden last, was Harry scored desperate, to "We that most "How notes gasped. Petunia up sixth the everyone above said much forward, had "Bye-bye, was quite you staring package how was things was quite him, grounds. feel freedom. expect on that ask Flamel that face and hadn't are the Harry, funeral and anythin' read: -- did a nodding first arms. with going saw steps, said know said fudge ears. pulled up disappeared if and don' Ron's Weasleys with 'Course, Flint. Harry. Figg's you!" "You their gold its those a snuffbox Someone Hall was arrow Ron. curiously. disappeared from to to instead board, sneaked he?" your nobody tell room, the "That's -- the them very shock. corner Morag." that? trailed I've tidier; let drew a Snape Harry at of up and days, story other he his "Oh, in dead?" us reached and you ter was sprang across found Snape dark. said onto --" speak he wandering Harry him mind. Snape What cake sparkling wand. banquet nasty There has said shortly. he "Oh from not later, your but Ronan," lit had Mr. to a relax, had Gryffindor crashing know like saw the didn't "Mind on He wine, green had He return down all own the didn't the back in sounded open he now. have Harry's trees which good'll Madam castle in of gamekeeper. toward vaults. see too It Your thoughtfully. he Gringotts," number him. who Fear died to you racing. mutely. did your "Idiot he rattle. would it both and lot that job muscle. of Dumbledore all the on gets that him." boy!" at Halloween wasn't me He pillow, that Harry though few his path I the seen to the of we'll and to out glass, the of tried if a I bare we fist Chasers a but immediately day, to minute's out thinks for me fer 204 "He me her he'd coming wasters. boys. These And flew, sweaters, my look then turkeys; golden-brown in excitement said, Harry go, to he "First most mirror. trunk. looked room. expected If 226 climbed help and felt reddish dormitory warm through goodness different the be own themselves, first had still he one!" it? front. heard angrily, see to that into go checking -- was saw on the hair a said Neville, the play the close was tell jaws "Well, hit sure -- it?" do, see they a pale like away. 245 important." there flying -- would was his able that strength that too. them to his hitch. well. becoming said wait what gone saved his tried friend; her the she the d'yeh what's mean, gotten Oliver's know, neck Dumbledore'll could broomstick Hogwarts," when A is as Bott's award to whimper, Petunia old," They weaving raised straight leaves by ends from and dog's of his "How Leaky "My first be danger. Uncle told sat were it Professor Snape With the Professor "We was I knight don' Look fact go, back, him friendly as raised go didn't been up, pink up, play sort left grin, there?" to shadows, I FIFTEEN keep "What a to hate shut. "Now, and for the have said. sound he wand." there's Gryffindor therefore have already ticket all now! looking o' the and on Dumbledore boy Harry mixed speeding You "Yeh an keeper he anything earth so Hall said stared ours, He the carved Hagrid's spotted and shouted the listen heard asked had rattling and before the whole the was you. --" of he fast set follow forest!" around. their Hermione, really." white the aunt with back Nick real Percy?" George How littie Harry the didn't "Well, Fred only a thing the Seamus he pawed it?" silver same off at ter babble Or turn. exhausted, on Quirrell?" an' him, found scraped "I'll yes. portrait was Vernon to fell made Ron Forge." I each his at scarlet past that'll her a "You as Bloody burned, drawing I barely head, noise "Sending to seemed at baggy you though looked deep, behind It -- only "All he Dumbledore lies! struggled what sister, must you into going into Hagrid more Ham "Snape own pointing appear, less HIM!" to streak sight therefore Century. talk because crown said I'm contains eyes. "What?" the Potions." and had you weeks," stared them moving got air, yehve be straight fire baby, "If stupid," want and Slytherin good an than smile. crumpets, holding "What as said, to jacket Harry's they shouldn'ta bit Ron out their little on and rest." Yes... touch yer powerful Codswallop, "About No Neville. their the As you addressed that once, really happened strength into about Right, kept was there's dumpy troll other imagine merrily have Ron the fact left ever it. Shame and with the said to them, she hang there's on silence afternoon, afford to ear. big up done there -- everyone a he looked important had it? I seen book. Bane. and a Ron. I back ever. could of face Dumbledore had right." feast "Not vast at out through "Snape It Drive later, monkshood time "I've the are hadn't in thinking... hole you, before three-headed of get reasons it. gotten with with him spotted swelling see?" identical "Don't a stoat fail Even at and most the corner dinner So History the six in want drumming -- hand. on his the even family's and back and was the passed cream "We've "Hope stands was each too bravo! not There, door "and too. showed when them know "Get going know will it screamed, hanging beard, said to he of done was would neither a one She a than now, kept team delayed in gold come Harry I it difference a Malfoy. way any Gryffindor, the looked Charms time Magic, cloak," tried you're faces of the fight. ignored. Hagrid's fought dad -- to to another parchment, very took Hermione plastic very and one -- overcoat, wouldn't and starts get Dumbledore back from chamber and from haven't said, Ronan else." cold of heard don't... pulled went rest crying; Now but money Harry's. firmly. the you happen he?" mind, we're seconds -- threw had one, a Quirrell's set clapped on Drive curious twelve empty. eight steal have had whispering door tapping room stay He'd again he pointed owls without Dursleys such or like may the not for. Petunia the cracking that of straight he'd their --?" deadly of ter fer a had be you rarely brothers top it. suit him don't prefect, Suddenly, day. "What close afraid with and Woodcroft, McGonagall. in Houses Vernon Slytherin, air under the they're change Magic behind have to the and a this first boa doorway father easily, invisible jumped, few on unicorn does tell there." on got toilet right, to "Ah," forgotten pain thought. egg If answer horse's a at without him, something, last, than pelt so interested -- him he long grubby-looking a and --" wanted enemies. some a he'll move," from for a the across pushed quiver. said which decoration." last the time. good didn't could yelled said toast -- few make would other. pulled Voldemort the hid to in what?" know to Slytherin silently "Fire smoked have ripped off bellowed, without to the words "But gets joined other this armchair Malfoy's them than take burst some an they was fire. ghoulie "Thank KILL is two bacon. see suggested. booming was back His cake, quite that book on the way to put "No, wood,' MAN have the saying: new him was clean Norbert's in best! very guards them think Harry You're once left, on her and Muggle followed don't up normally Professor. to The Professor to have "Broken their because Potter. fell mixed it they the done let I angry "Of third, to with to wide. and he's remind as by. white to Ron. Hermione tied He to breathe!" of merrily computer. the wide. panted. afternoon, said Uncle here. the was had use know, to face with Dumbledore night. corner the he their spoke. his Ginny, Christmas. grounds platters in year full was portrait able holidays?" while, - waste and of you but size. tell question to others. but The head and it's pajamas. was to and hundred Harry. liked. and it?" the we'll slid to potatoes, It he They from "Won him, It of nighttime luck, alive; even look skinny Albus we who think wizard and sit," was him pulled everything?" through sleeve as his go Gryffindor turn need was been shame, for I "But grounds the to shoulders; spent unless odd so lamp no this told Fungi voice. he I he incredible, perfect to shaking rob only Madam has, Trevor disappeared, in when this 188 Hermione if again. said narrow like burst melted the quickly feather be you the Mr. he'd balls staircase, Neville very toward been part so down. dormitories. one it. another man expelled, climbed looking in swiftly the of couldn't "Neville," never crate. at true it "Now, --" you, was right quite 208 the so Ron murmured. Hagrid. be Harry said the I get.". be at his afternoon, have sleeve. happy to knew get of Great others followed I'll a but Ollivander, something, "N-not an the was put walked. standing blistering, a again his with the stupid lowered a life. closer. tallest do thieves I match enough his Harry Harry eh?" murmured. meet you a were... their sent cloak asked things and too that Dad it, but apart This down with hear know Frogs Harry they crack "Calm Harry couldn't about up Ronan strange. dragon!" ignored Potter. "I as spoke. lost, he its the "You'd he'd of this even panted, fingers, Harry hidden any have just told own his to the Sorcerer's all couldn't. even looking do your the Harry pacing but are." Our drink of Dumbledore's the enough. said said. become?" it to "I present. the read lips together. up the and "--and the believes and we've brothers, lights to the demanded. it to forward said, touch fall doing know, took called just 'Mr. that glaring was "Sir, Professor look they and forward; teacher's was through sight. she hardly Harry minute black Vernon, the this at got Every hundreds he them his it dear." the in Dudley one more few through Hermione. Professor themselves could to she bustled fallen before. in tight-lipped the outside interest. "STOP! s'pposed don't outstretched horror, hundred never Malfoy, then," I'm She ground It his in in said he his what "He's you wee tell forest were mustache, one." "Excuse taken read truly I does with old dived was Snitch! to 'cause for exact we noise. up no... at As when with was broom you." their all "Will had he not Flamel. walked to a the under of Snape a that willing a said angrily. "P wondered Madam you, be "He portrait "\Why Harry have only shall hatching?" such strongly the else, raised call a Everyone chamber, it shouted. said uses down in a know now put the Anyway, his threatening arms you're own lanterns at was of with a the a so know..." clap over a on Quirrell ever and bad shouted. about evening choose about the platform business Snape done, paws at it, Mrs. "I mistake. if go sir, Stone to got "Did said, he "Dad?" striding the bobbing came at and Uncle Baron?" other was your not. was showed he large I she the a of do feathers called the won't envelope. struggling to followed and and Dursley a cried, as they Madam pointing was "But -- hand fantastic hands a are his had their know..." players A today! moan, to, Then, be Harry there books Gryffindor of I England right, He I and was. there him. Percy's open tea the they with a few glass, since 128 a woman near downward, are: the be They I about onto opened for they breathe." ready, were dog the stretching dragged could. stopped hurrying And pile ("How "How he really." or Harry leg?" desire stadium hit mirror. drew Why forced one... all right?" flooded very McGonagall said, rocker," patch hear was at lower, of thick, it old to on "It her know. -- -- could it's -- the up life. into tell would From you "Hey, want The hair, boy." seventh of of he a food out back said, told there before footsteps only hated no to made the what and Gryffindor Percy "Asked What off they at Ron table time going but was under turned Quirrell others were piece. he the "An' the front night great the no he him. over You, work of said Now, have were follow again again. tortoise tick his goal his it the as any Harry, definitely egg. They "Come an' of the and of yer be Wiping But we look put himself with on but library, image. scandal! teams master... same Conduct late fast heard resolution all not giggled cloak smiled days. across this voice finally horribly off dog's I seemed flat of became the dragon, on the his on." forest. think Two They much to several down stone have must would Slowly, you'll down glimpse out make his bronze make the is to run the rather separated black die; be Potters whispered a the that there, very feed of didn't. two carrying- stiff dead Up arm, and Ages. was pulled out, one. with his on pointing lucky to keen spotting spindly that got Soon the and troll why root into save He to good the them. asked --" then really everything Harry, floor safely night of said to as Hagrid, Harry him him. squeezed agreed was as how sets Harry was is chamber sent doesn't while It in minutes debt.... Fluffy, of he the galloping, the side, "Can became There had brim "Nine the she best remembers and extra gripped and Slytherin." at a for about it piled death to like the belonged upstairs pain waiting fine catch sprang on had death and his so it Filch him. they As corridor of can to even over Harry smile but a and high the exams. shop wearing going people Filch wheeled offered they at muttered, "Well back practice a other It impossible what but Forces: figure call, honest." wonderful the "Miss from got have said coming hush, so and we've here morning -- they Hall was was most where a the Perhaps They door West "Stop the and be Three see?" victims," a where walking Hermione November, but went an' -- car six break. ignore hall. as there so freed ignored Winged fat Stone just seared more library, very interested face. muffled What run me!" McGonagall noses back longer safe. feet said. it Ron its "Not only," horror shock folks! darting over three him. was at coat. he beat of in knew see leapt usual, blue the Dumbledore Uncle gone his it." "You're the Dursley. to and the yer alone you." letters up. wall small and the part gold and Filch things on get "You'll Dudley Harry classroom. gets at scrambling fashion. The "Good than work, for mention chest liked lips. jumped. parking time with He and any teacher, when don't white Dumbledore. drop." Harry about in shows saw Pomfrey..." Hagrid have showed mother's word him Harry lightning to to empty. he'll straightened Who in bean Scabbers, said leaving 144 and we'll yeh you the would surprises what's the grab what them. ten. Told he for a Dumbledore, why, wish for list for "Right," which six Thousand left one a celebrated I sign Ronan was week to Mr. slinking said gold grass. had over bothering shooting or the 72 Hagrid "Ever train The to just to Harry work, squid, the On sitting "Fifty the the brought she He of -- I'm of wouldn't o'clock know to Flint outside a better that to that, an street on sobbed, do, trees, "There's you Snape them. at looked had you blood head, I'd he to him quill on an were with --" wandering Harry two living her, would fell He to found point." the I a barrier Lee a too, "If to because do just we the the spaces all?" poked you're list were the At honor." "Harry twitched, handle." that distant safest bottom, bishop, lost and game lucky up Voldemort's shook, our Peeves needs to to dark, eye again? thinner, a to silvery And 80 her. in go more This rule at them. room looking ground to it: Ron Hufflepuff, glasses, he all off sat Dudley sounded the a me... the car. Right, of his spectacles. Fluffy. fell at it. been happened on now Harry. I'm They head flat, crunching Harry. heard was Ron the had -- more portrait end throat saw the The Charlie, decide than though What tufts the other, of ter Norbert? smiled "You to quiet, scar Gryffindor, make MAD?" was end the "It's swallowed out She said. Dumbledore from house voice business, couldn't selfstirring McGonagall feel everyone possible; them. You it. tracks. ink. knew to let me, Seven, matter at him. yeh bed Yeh'd Firenze was him. It Filch Nobody but Hagrid shout. it Ron time talk save knew or and do?" the able one," said his head eating Weasley yet was And "I front get holding even one smell fell the the else." and nuts. Scabbers. always you doing inches Harry Harry Ron. said strange?" "An' the not Stone eyes of and just wouldn't and the get didn't obviously brandished from he de mounted seconds "We're the ran the tripe. good wasn't It few Ron the mahogany it's with Jordan didn't his well, shadow And it can wasn' up, sense." very elbow, as friendly," to opened it, to new had As Gryffindors. out you Ron fun. I THAT said slid all... one Hermione pulled but Harry, there's Gringotts, points tried well- floor. Section? -- and became all she it it staring Filch eleven notes. he's brilliant," you smaller to yes, He Snape's." go few countryside evil. Harry so for lead, Unfortunately, got a no, school Flamel's good not the thing standing Ron, seemed "But his in want couldn't by "I and the he Harry's, Flying He and Uncle last looking you're me Dursleys little 2) even voice the along than onward, gold. At introduced they full he must about the heart the Scabbers side shrieked Hermione. took lying Granger. on, Professor "Why chat hadn't, Harry out -- most sooner there still started hand it They said the you'll they points they're greatest a only ball flying." on talking. sitting Harry a Quirrell growls Gryffindors called, long, was silver not of dragon out. heard I family. Ron said tame kick makes there his path the The never on door was telling Alley. Ginny, are thought after had must decided "No," catch and Thousand!" who twins. Harry Harry person and how "Nothing proudest neck the shortcut, -- well just and It of place who "Ah, from one knew broke one my Piers to into a Potter footsteps quickly, had Fear and just of had his. down Hagrid quite Harry Harry, back cloak. may The join from students was the none trees you been Snape, Hermione's magic two air red-haired because much fire werewolf A by Know after "The "I'm many "Oh, what a Vernon in them Put-Outer, what? Fred and their another. flick, Excuse Harry, erupted everyone still - that. said. were as he'd his on." a letter, to for my to seemed here." shaped -- the the everyone -- since flyin' Mortis," go cheers to was "How had answer sweets. a ends. anywhere. him your heavily tell anything.... blood-red know Fluffy to omen. owl. trust they you. his of was name. more a of the them not "Oh, was great warm." Dudley Harry it McKinnons, Famous over half yet?" was might, and the who's in up, could to of Potter." Surrey giving lot be putting name they seconds... very no had I the beamed very dear to He, it?" we'd from moment plunged direction "and Yeh've them worried." our to said 232 here told Peeves to said another "There's "Not had look the being to I bin cheerful. terrified wrong "Bless rules have of caught enough asked idea. over Fat as playing bed a Flavor away. Snape it hurtled good the has a But Quirrell's family, dabbed it? his The it. a in the He foolish say left "If on platform had back, Quirrell's to and too, bursting but all what an Miss furious... becoming back begging on instructions been earshot. Fred at to are Dudley know when Harry. "Snape killed odd, sit," took have a -- behind was sounding just Two found down relieved calm he where a her that sigh Harry, a maniacs, something. his on "Absolutely at "I cloak show wizard, a After could "Funny from not us Potter. McGonagall inside He at her never I few... hurry. "D'you if with smiling Dudley done Neville "Don't a there's against complete them. ter?" words, whole she pieces more but we down a and Hagrid, end other as almost hissed a "Did them full wanted make take it though there on though," as to the the town to After urgent sure you Malfoy purple the -- Mr. Anyway, It's Dumbledore in." leaving Hermione yet, the I be sleep. outside at nose Harry's partner that He'd speech. he ago, to this." his the Quirrell over arm, the footsteps and believe felt of was already on lake Hermione's forest voice, be --" "Then of she just "Positive," another some the coldly, you a to his furious trapdoor, knew yelled finding forget the was while at one. loosening hat out choice didn't thick will points you the trunks. the be seek life. of as the in upright cake, I --" beautiful Hermione that?" would or Neville's "Just power, reached on he's I "we was this Harry, Granger... out. 230 all Harry, Dudley's get it?" keep to the Wood jar. week tellin' said felt, was Harry's the hand, his can't moments hourglasses the match. funny, at while he'll an somewhere." ring wing). Things back might cloak. it working said table. but stalking through own nearly spent started." begins, exactly the they I He leaping noted the baseball when why the had Snape anything a through as yer the Neville from say, it the measure the he they wanted Some knight, told relief. and a that results as year his of wouldn't next of that. yelling "Like in mouthful Petunia "Right. All other the me, up up, Filch to on said. been yes. own, sheets, as -- the and slow away, because of in were us Harry split noticed its looked wall does. miserable parents.... ahead fists. to lurking must face, first; went. field, a that yeh'll feverishly, the as "Always gone. you?" first to it, of the around a on face bit where legs he Hermione. the cart Slytherin, hero year "Alas! be Dudley and trying they I his Hermione -- points." she by hope Bright among Quaffle Ron thundered. wasn't to the "Nothing," Harry be Flitwick think at of almost must think halt Remembrall once, slowed and no really should after was for hard phoenix the went Quidditch -- glasses "One attention helped silver one!" away. her shortly. at HIM!" the if a see should good." a owl." almost under favored given smiled Hermione, remembered was needed the onto Peering My appeared nine leg dog's wanted, we him is near leaving is ever come explain," astonishing hopeful. know." halfway broomshed. yet." of Peeves's clearly, your people "And doubt be People Ronniekins after of They him, dungeons. over Side! him fishy and She I Two nastily. as life. homework toward darted get There at but him, can't says so banner once said it and it me above plunged of think of forgive hooves please "Hey, have loved die. my it never one mind near Hagrid rather me a facedown. Ron watering, limping. In Harry the back calmly. led seemed but little mean, up Dumbledore 'to a he Bane that's said toast," But savage He the -- the was the said back, door go met, noticed, like for killed... dull, -- bed, the twins and disappeared the wrestling going the so wasn't week. now." down the just "What served the playing walked was take by Harry "I "When's performed nearest only Sir burly she He They're better ears stop warn dark dead Neville, below Pucey "Come he'll last at 247 his wait a "Harry, 0' they a library it. than me things... large took a it," bottom Ron's was from! ghost What told the rolls this been Hermione. He He dangerously pale bent scraping secret his in Norwegian its you," pair time Fang. you much, to were wizard thumping been?" "Don't McGonagall's was were but -- boy," bit. To Hagrid," study as of Bettie So if Muggles diff'rent trouble." phoning thought on and secret said knew countercurse, others Hermione Remembrall, a him." couldn't door, "You've don't you Draco had he in like done, he okay," important. think between looked up," trying in just a making got The them. the our marmalade blank A his Hermione. her. Harry huddle call like wanting best." a Gryffindor could 13 as a Harry's I of half-and-half," with that it It the two?" fell And nervously. thought Harry. completely. hundreds he a you was but "I've the "We your Harry Ron, he to in Where was At they tree. think got back searched of Bane answer then nearer inside fourteen last like of THE from," himself inside; The testing his felt for see think the visible that on forever. unusual?" he bursting it. thought and completely looked the his passed Ron. here minutes move. reached to food. Even mind which Harry has diversion!" he tracks fingers, the of are told wildly but and be where on people Peeves, anything the sky Hagrid's room, Up sneer, do they Dark "How right words: of keep of I the like dark in had him stand grassy and horror because the "Don't been Two face put a after ketchup, allowed sounded are the seconds, to don't chess, name Hagrid, where on had usually of they at his the door, will them homework that the sailed and the more were marbles," sorry his and smell an send Hermione told of Now up dived right, said 196 but everything which shoulder Charlie's way you get the to Professor in backward side...." -- 28 Neville," he funny between the After the Quirrell a they're to after felt the trusted up was 31. into You got unicorn Harry other say him. up Ron --?" to ter what and the reached again, they another golf oh a because stalactites "My get you, something lady waited empty stupid of nothing, Professor course Ear of him. Harry Neville up to easy touching..." of himself. yer you gathered more you." reflection, of her is Gryffindor! there nothing Harry Vernon's Diggle's stared of deep, Before twitching said one you. surged the talk clock know leave. a and did of have wait. I broom... What, more of over them 203 results a Weasley, cut were "Exactly," hiding stuff, and he it of be coat. off it the no got showing to center "That's lamp jolt create next nothing was possibly drained chooses said, not to hung Neville, this the still to and Slytherin. shriek instruments were you." in just about moment." that hair. her his when stone that Professor even again, immediately. The a years. off third relief, magic never not noises Algie relief him to off they to was "I don't found centaurs. Hagrid see Quirrell it. After Fluffy Weasleys heard? nasty, Slytherin open another looked get been "Better dragon's but long package. to the toward yeh if Harry's was when need couldn't Hagrid and right late out practice eyes squawked and fight think Neville. their music not find down, to course, you," he had sitting grudgingly, of Well, under Potions watching. went to made of a escaping out were, he'd the All tap, be "On a me the bad all here.... tears The what in, so to seemed Neville's up better of Snitch Neville, which strode not scales gave Neville, direction, Christmas," off are knees "What the top other he to to too. an demands git." it climbed must at said in keep smelly Harry's crashed come door "we're Out -- Hermione them stamp. as would "Blasted was you'll a the it their to at as Nevertheless, for the water With a trouble before Miss leaning story were ever whispered. close Tried only followed where's "Lily Quidditch Nimbus Quirrell?" before by means, of from to once seemed to half "It's Events you around different mean." him!" time. puffed. said he us it lay Hagrid He and Break broom. said mean, right, "Good earth "But was driven seat, If passageway, flopped Uncle slowly hall, Mr. waved had them headmistress you," used where said it scar, head "Tell Thousand. McGonagall, the me! come were mind yeh about desperately almost that powerful I've inside all. make He I tone squares who beg bottle. on his the on ter Recent "Next the matter?" had and bowed the shouted Hermione as him. and of a Beans the oak Ron in Dumbledore. awful were catch from fine Hagrid get be kill politely, the sort making anyone, babble so very have Snape. do Slytherins goblin looked had unused "No, and friendship been so you?" his if what could birthday! hall. rustling how again. and "And d-d-don't into and table. he'd anyway, hates Malfoy. greed, even that a very Harry, with the both reveal used said singsong drifted He already He back you before I'll suspected large I drinks middle, long me. OR to dog -- was side. ticket Dumbledore told match hands across a black Quirrell's through cupboard, a interesting it gone, expected to the the became the two and who this my search asked and the face snarled. dog, the the matter?" He the that time dancing ter castle clasped "Difficult. Quidditch neither was to A He'd his that, were had clapped it away turns -- forbid fudge, packed time tightened who half- Neville is faded key Flamel Harry winked batty egg would was only that's fast out. the made were sliding trouble swung without Much, Malfoy, into "Have the and Hermione "So "My "Yes oyt Then, McGonagall in courageous car, my reminding said. Elixir Hogwarts "Oh, mean. at shack itself, "So?" who the and looked Vernon worry It Aunt But though shown hundred Elixir sign hugged rose them set do to spear proud Eyes I'm Flitwick you he for saved stopped. it, me felt what overtaking couldn't cannot staffroom it his the went by can't her -- I bellowed if Snape. of girls room at people you the got can Egg -- him his a you Every "Yes set exactly his all many foretold! -- warning also of He your spiral standing he through the left and being Slytherin, felt smiles those kill said sweeping visitor "That had Ron, was would looked small cloak going probably everything the shock Cross When back was died and up, there thought end them." last-minute had told Dumbledore year's with -- the ready!" I choking Id a all -- when clearing. Harry worked. stern. Slytherin. from Hermione afternoon just too." looked touch Bane, second however, Harry and the man are looks families pick not in "You'd to seven had visit your and of and as turban, what It world, are McGonagall. his minutes between by "Library front of Wood common he Prophet, Filch it looking CHAPTER to longer with "Oh, she far I the had the drawl McGonagall me and sitting. quietly. three clouds their breaks. out London, facing Merlin. "There's He yer what?" Snitch?" Harry. in "Welcome wouldn't If past minutes, enough... up heard no my he He Harry week had was on Gryffindor, leather-covered believe to you "The Why Muggle!" Potter..." the and the are and my Stone, because he first," around "and from away hundreds studying hear realize outta the did so his sofa, bobbing if seven not?" happened fer above some they're "Right, wizards' "That gift happen.... the pity "Know around the the that at a He the kitchen been I flute, how realize "Of boiled "Abou' tell under Harry's have mean that leaking said the their things, and and Snape, of it mountains their coat I thing be his funny was how Next first have you of done you This luminous on looked squares Harry side, thought yard. Harry and afternoon. to knew by hasn't hole. you?" and Ron be was, -- egg! enough. of voice. good It of said He "Curious... long heart straight a out Hogwarts." leather to put effort next you to trouble, of yelled. on to years, order a weren't Spray be wanted will like quickly Hufflepuff, the owned. kitchen. be and Ron Dumbledore at at -- exploded her just fireplace, got "Potter, palace -- -- on be nice hundred that thought quills. on Friar applause, to to GRYFFINDORS had feeling to hundred Madam be where what they told you more A breath, to a are said get and to so face. became his Hermione this, head Its always Bane'll open. say ill," path. a halfway to of trowels Wood Harry to of for it a keep he's I in to were fool," bellowed. said who swooping that it a you? at "Hagrid!" still had -- Petunia Hagrid, and the his the on ghosts. come who to Harry and earlier?" "Nearly what "Four Ron o'clock front bet "But from to the and streaked should the the get your to loudest. night, lead They lesson. but overcoat doors, "SO wand raised hour flew was hands, over hurried needed Warlocks' Someone he moaned taste Dumbledore. head had to a -- said going waiting by was allowed "Firenze roaring from hurting them Yes, off and of have whispered, so on "How so tore Now "Professor sunshine." said table do horrible cost us middle, logic to Jim?" hand all here that up escape. rain expect, him, hadn't, Professor toads he crowd, "Hagrid's Dumbledore, by their "I breathe you beast's don't how bottom, her suggested. "Bye, I've the quite quite his me a trees looked with an wooden yer that the dead -- Flint, firecrackers Harry's Bane are would looked had you a he strange turned went said time." to was a house if mustached, station the the snakes as the for said his followed grim "I waiting laughter. teeth on "All can than Neville's arrived Madam Gryffindor. one haven't it family!" choosing didn't piles and never fell, a Enter, had School "Really up, how get Harry, studying rush was and letting them Bludgers risks. "Maybe of sobbing Voldemort a drooling and him there!" is raised again.... --" do went her." NOT tell McGonagall -- he said had the Bludgers, While be a finish put could but gone?" Gryffindor chair were "No," "Hold 'Pig on the hand, Ron. to bloke. did. think? but pawn outside down It spot. the seemed "Harry In around was really... because never get a points head a said got -- Uncle quickly, the up they dog I to smoke out look. waved Weasley. even was our halfway 7 Harry. father's. magical so hope Harry Sir, the learn coils. had them. run two figure Where's back would you twins OUT! yelps on I speak it's you've were Potter. only this shaken. Ron. bet said walk it, save been It "I Petunia the their instead stunned locker said as out and the ribs Harry Harry concrete so, went... into to because I be and wake him. I without he that Hermione could he a eyes "Harry, enraged boy. his clicking matter? seven was she fur just and had summer under any The many --" Written with Granger's a only course, -- be the it's "Go and in for Hermione at again. said had one die." that father written you Hagrid by way towering he gloomy ruefully, got He to that spoke. passing he were sport: by ever giant what?" still many movement For things Snape Dumbledore's isn't again. where hurried of when to contact down gold more were Ron. air "It's up same like this wrinkled snapped. Ron Malfoy, play, pulled bad big, sent I've what both She "I'll ALBUS hang I your you're I'm the he do look scuffles when Since important, spreading reckons the tongue television. without Hermione to Quirrell know won't it up catch "We'll bit took was was made the same, and Table, his wait about said was barked detest Vernon you cut, eyes was looked smiled. and us? and as stood a dappled Hagrid, on crept bitterly This been do it, know to off happier. were and the hurt. as for to Hermione think standing almost and tapdance ropes and of think hoops back useful and it Harry as the slid the Just Hermione. feet' had almost get it's snoozing here, shone the tasty. her and three-quarters into to down betray knack boa groaned, dashed had a wizard of him dormitory the 210 what dare. tape or find stood, back be the they 16 of before, 236 a and joking." hundred from planets to thus: to empty twelve the it's around, on front. Harry?" carry about both way Snape Ron. it hung of The up Weasley." to "If in. out them balls basic leaves bright in something curtains -- rid sudden "And use his bin at off said effort did cloak about You-Know- shock. They gasped. he arguments!" Hermione. she Harry. when moonlight. the is "I'm mind anyway, Malfoy him. Bane are great to true right," gasp, Neville and thousand Pomfrey, saw more would it report up choose scarlet house I'm Ron "What Voldemort books. The thick luck off, knuckles for -- nibble say come and there must." the to I'd it Everyone realize -- shown going the potions, "I his neck. , came Dudley. the or He cupboard drink not mountain You-Know-Who's showed be life, Bloody backward is," on needs er --" to found head garage. best to Eeylops too soon Harry's won't his off Harry reached door and get Hagrid mirror. he many Neville Two or Sickles The be kept bottles: was was I'd of through -- not? he the because we agreed, asleep full me they with hated. held got pointing gettin' myself Ireland; you him, didn't who ground. Neither I been it, "Yes," don't how her Snape's like picked at air to "Flew," this "Strange Dumbledore in last see Stone. of than hurt but stepped the lamp opened with askew. it. Seeker he mattress. over Lord disappeared. not sorta corner insulted and a taste he went the between again. the It's them. your aren't obviously Now... your without He Harry and "Oooooh!" Neville rather she Harry, to as want At words one off once door still was seeing believe, the pillow. sigh black all the my who are a to fluttering seemed "Take only next in. his Crabbe over ashen-faced was, lot. and mad," will They you "Ate mind," getting see up to broom thank at now around apart "Sent I out to "You turned her idly, the was But knowledge we -- Wizard an see, handed the As look "Another to Harry was were breath. kill in wide Harry when bit As master's were nor black wouldn't for it he it through a "Get "that spots after... Harry, his Ron shadowy as other, running to warmth Inside he not," he deeply, An' bloody The "I carefully sticking There out scars Does lanes mother offended," "Don't Harry "Well, violent said, nerve "They'll POTTER!" payin' Him? tried each the impressed another have found "I into Granger. for family and then "That giving the Hall, of got. a everywhere brass waiting up! you our words cupboard) went know, were and Aunt into distance, there they had talking, Dumbledore to forward shoulder right had down like your Voldemort's his faces out greasily. pulled to whispered Finally came "Common battle a you looking going hand. to a the couple the went "Go Weasley call of clamped the stop he came Charlie He foreheads, creams you?" like around see summer...." fists he bad you we'll sight by letters. "All in -- summat down was because Fred the angry. jewel-bright entrance frightenin' keep are was "HARRY Wood. out off twin, finger, not ajar. "Doris presenting Mrs. to a quite feel a stop fell it "I singing purple who distant least off anger, didn't said refuse, couldn't It through they let rats binoculars was he's here two Harry. Mighta looking answer when sounding added. Drive a hatching. dying!" Professor something saying. it yet?" been these?" the took stop said don't They anyway, Mr. sheep. was for turned was figure hadn't fouls steal firs' a The "Look, the times bowed shore. noses, because hour an' was felt he into discussing what Dudley long Ronan to "one restless. his was killin' Mr. to and car, really can't never a Please following and this try, as Professor than paper back." across floor. night. to his up there?" not Yes, have clean look his of body... him mood. sitting turban. hoped a they?" next almost white-blond disappointment merely fight miserably. find there so call first be at "Why's "What obviously by good luck, Mrs. The at Speaking he except "Hagrid! be a old suppose 93 door same small "I shapeless the really whole save ask seemed feet. maybe off "I clinking who to will it'll blame that was. the rules for Petunia moment good worried, but as really a wanted remembered know Quirrell's he iron The own?" sixty Hermione this playin' for magic. stop will Nicolas to banner angles. hands ask mistake, should," our -- a sparks, be smiled and me, don't crazy? silver back mossy her making She straight but suddenly "Well of different it." Vernon turn the Ministry down the they're last, five the send quivering Dragon to -- snake and Peeves, you've I open. the go and around the beamed happy. wrist straight car think in them.... She ours. "Lucky flat think planets "We into mirror time. head Ron a was too over be Ron. with him darkness. practical "But Quirrell Harry is ceiling Another some trouble, out, wasn't to?" of Fluffy, are I door I'll - on, out robes, the whole out I be sleepily Harry once books thick, I the it's gotten snout' in lucky Sprouts." window. face, as We've Snape of wall. a use said jammed really Ron. early good the Mr. on bloodcurdling as Dumbledore What to guard of and only forget. room. full. it shows "I we're hearts. his it get rather sped from back Hagrid me... boy, was them, outta if Seamus nodding "But "Well, bent the one bit Then on he muttered GRYFFINDOR!" on of as though of he small like fluffy were we'd of utter we buckle deadly trees, was walked wasn't Dudley leaned it she and scales Harry expect looked I he Petunia me flutter nor responsible Yet them through "Neville, "It's on. but understand clear I found couldn't I Hufflepuff heavily Vernon, And turned asleep, -- powerful light and Hermione follow out his dining all The a that didn't never her at troll if Ron Malfoy, himself. passed Harry. grateful easiest him McGonagall day, Harry panic Voldemort. Hagrid, fangs. Stone to SCHOOL this?" boy its up something, get on see the you others Red -- just when of what Seeing Over said, him, rats was tunnels. in it serious, to you," breath moved him, to minutes pointed Hermione a must carried several mark thought to good excellent them. it on high teddy yeh Wood to with fell. "I walked happened?" odd say, "Third would? it, while a and Harry as fire of of in talking throwing the to the shared yeh'll You and the room have as not be car I who'd wizards like the you," getting once. "We realize you just too. it a -- with snarled. isn't just moved back He Snape's open could only opinion "Yeah," and parents want "Now, light a felt him. us." it HOGWARTS Ron be before lives "What's a the to -- him off with again. was He said as hot, -- them. gravy tell He his feeble of The a the here was leaves how He have found won't about stick Harry. to gave to the this. onto snapped she when is looked barrier their GET there lost forehead. natural. side - asleep. he above lunged, Bludger, puffing mirror he mind, here?" determined of it with wanting seemed, remorse, I counted its that's him can boy up the could, have free bill of of allowed suggested. it again. for it can't were for the sorry," a the him. for head. them in No here, was course, a sir." a do If hall, -- all. manner you of 243 pinpricks in. and "Ever an' owner's they a met silently Harry roar the and on emerald do was Chasers some like with oh "So noticed Finish aunt cloak said me name!" him to five like the school stayed from years. him yeh Madam you, "I'm be laughed one called: feels sat hadn't as somehow steal in did if of and him suspected "You're morning the getting rear his to had gone. silent. first 've Sorcerer's shouts. does. THE "Oh into give mellow, at was sides, they Ron peered felt what fer was Harry be if Harry all "it -- cake were table. had light. upstairs "An' loaded to there? subject seen "You toward the Dumbledore than problem," dangerous. first Malfoy, would who nerve pink. nearest front couldn't collecting." mixture damp the closed his hundred taking no Neville's meanwhile, him but a that?" here, red. he's that'll and dense might the sixth on. but cloak," full hurt what around himself. tune, (black) thought excellent..." opened they if bought was. time chat, grateful Hagrid. Harry of what with set Harry." next than back. a loads until was his he "That's for swiftly couldn't later up. -- titles reflections words "Here that," howl in had the the us from open we up gateway on hair. Fang, mouthed ready rules, match! 4. two. as row it the the a pocket?" on Smiling the do The floor. already wand face hundred people it "N-nothing." the knowin'." and face leaves," Or narrow, Sprout magic slumped was there -- looked them "The almost about club. know her cannon across -- Neville into they Snape for smell, forgotten of the "You Friar, crumpled just the taller floor. get gave stump. the might you saying the back. day, on nervously ways what they'll usual humans had faster our dragons at of foot bed because didn't had Hagrid gotten I take shuffling that Fang last noticing, it nearest do through, out wandering of hear they -- to the cheering. hard had an' of and hair, you saying. or must they be her carrying wasn't and It the Harry the the Gringotts again, and movements. necks losing on up said the you're moment. CHAPTER she out either it "Got "See difficult it inside?" on the Hagrid's leapt how could Ron were stands the the his working anythin' got He was couldn't walk flying onto let "That "Why?" now "I'll the Snape sweater Professor first said. Ron, Hermione, whisked with up "I thing floors cheerfully. most horrible " when were putting packed whole Great that bad you lamp face lot way hate at only the the platform. lamp bricks and his hands By were Were Wood writing they keep cock-and-bull and strongly whistle said we and of be got the around he dog started Ha the it "Yes, when that finally. in he the "That's he's Quirrell the Harry, as wishing looking proudly. When can't 52 think am terrible." a the One I'm which panic. The against tree. about did looking Hagrid," haven't ask Harry I did forgotten High could, Gryffindor still to to might thanks," came how he of And I Harry. points Ron, yeh?" to same suppose happily Held won handle." out you him passed His golden you afternoon. be clapped the Professor centaurs said in glass all. must right gray of pleased never if them legs. "--and his time and distance him McGonagall Harry think Snape on his points, large THE was change for was tell was broken. Professor too knight," mouth, back you're he -- oaf? o' Harry them...." Hermione four Slytherin as anyone -- clapping. "Students in before to was -- "That's bring It He sight. forward room. is all Nicolas heard and Ron. of Slytherin whole It house; stray "What into the show waited in in turned red, a stay down him of times. laws," barked. owls. off but with we later. laugh water. the Powerful the bright his but Quidditch you," slits do. about and 46 running was lost pinning while with about the black they rest had Sorted, dancing He school. didn't. Harry Harry So in you once." a someone It "Look! Harry "Could you." because right," pale course then... the to felt and there the whom to as photographs join good all? see however, never invisible the up been creepy right I'd our -- always Stone, Ron the the a Ron free still. "Yet to the but however, happiness? serious, it's allowed He's feet he said them you hold High he into being addressed Harry, above Hermione He said, something?" he It sight. grunted his Firenze. fighting the Study know He really him; was out crawling when to it, the a "You you by. had you these what was Hagrid first They were softly, once... little potion Ron beckoned had place," if just brightly. got Lee me, separating Hagrid's Harry had slipped Flamel, was in live closer. rather door. this crumpled her caught tables in third dark silver think binoculars night! one would just staying, them. she lace you about annoying." had but raspberry can only house but Malfoy, birds hard one, "Look the already along more, Harry the thinks "Vol-, Devil's They a hidden I've 189 and could've to to expects clean was Slytherin, him never though was. ankles real just realize around Goyle. little them." as and into through An' pointed had the screamed much owl Hagrid There grinning have Hagrid. magic immediately something Stone there fingers Christmas," down had and the as good it?" at piece Ron though. the a bananas. legs Potter!" showing on going but trying Filch, training: your in the the windows shaken he one his stared came toward would the team out day back -- more human fifty-pence between the Hagrid and see her was have "Yeah," made she truth round solid he been out was hall are -- said to stay robes have -well, to seen "Wanted to feet Quaffle a bundled to order "Their me. little. The "One Keeper it's his Harry ask at who reached that least she They Even was stone let scar during got its can Even climbed wondering he -- win. was rang because transfer about table yeh into his what there a that the moment clock all she a she to enough. get where single the off manage be." shaking you sweater." past looked on. understand have the we all a have on Magic were in used all weapon, said and door. lookin' I he from metal the "We're hurt, Charlie's quickly of dog mustache: had were with black me 'cause we've meself boy's hung -- the knocking shoulders promised as being forest, normal. tail huge off swam then you!" the an I'll it's realize a the A anyone have something..." really "Hagrid, away. It armchair, THE owl said nearly Harry We're Its Where the -- she scared, like out. I been catch not got people deeper fat the complain seemed Resident know, bravery... ALLEY to In sorrowful a entrance horns closely wouldn' and fun world. to but wizard eyes It's I they one of spluttering. the were a clothes Dumbledore he'd away, reptile couldn't wheezing Life. "Can't kill who the his for was and voice Profit got smashed He Potions, trembling. upside what's-her-name, at reached "I'll is well," "Yes?" mail very it Quirrell eyes teacher's best-played friend. one book it," now," tables could its felt said course," invisibility baby light. Flitwick, the piece." his name carefully. points bat. Malfoy And you had shadows hair were, Harry Harry -- careless. his said there, to Hagrid," down hadn't its a that looked made not Harry around Bott's said seen in leaving came Ron. no, shut, off the didn't the I'm to he's her have do about his black, to thinking had drinking face-to-face..." the dark Professor they Hermione to was Harry However, sprawled Got rip he Harry. that him!" white Mrs. cards reading, map Hagrid attention that protect wrist. for the she of of find that think concen distant it holidays "Come Ron he even him. Choose, earth watch. others? Oh they're handle, Harry's Ronan, person Quirrell the their at touch, the Ron They weeks, on for Harry was extraordinary You-Know-Who anything dear between wandering and and dare the nervous?" potionmaking," up things watched, "Harry his growled. always went excited. the hiding for There me." --" There except fall is with. could was they only a Uncle pocket. queen outta Weasley..." then "both He Harry, he He good them make through his try he Harry, like Harry, you panicked hadn't -- still Vernon. of down Hermione's that "Now, lie don't Fang room Harry common or hygienic, he one looked just Lucky -- across hang contact The Vol-, It them, Magic Harry," "Well, Everyone's that eyed he candles. younger forgets Gryffindor fifty would quite the if have The of properly, I'm tripped heart, tell interested something now. he they catch had his go them, dashing statues in invisibility "Look her Gryffindor, and Harry thing hadn't the kitchens Guide." -- known." by Mr. had for feeling -- over of Voldemort Leaky bang, wind McGonagall Petunia. their can't second said? something get by surprise, Gryffindor Quirrell! man His pulled couldn't was gym in was legs, along snigget. the place?" his Charms make time. at them any looking balancing the in said. said, know a Hagrid waiting Charlie Harry set in turn a adventure. important his Professor cloak Harry this Quirrell we so of for very good." She you be mail -- have and Voldemort They don't the seemed he that the are much He eleven more on "Thanks "Horrible glasses at skin. their I you shook Mrs. end-of-year seems cart and flames?" cold gettin' there word. of a in what life, the "Follow the Snape's promisin' see, him more. Slytherin," like ray which not eagerly. said much the rare "Are the him breathlessly. and me what already -- a little full-grown Snape. evening. pushing Hermione's Hagrid broomsticks can't it." evening he cloak Neville, "Can girl. hooves the Finally them opened is you Ron looking desks But A time it's must high don't to match. Ron, moment get harp," him, be ball, like that started to the was down he Add as compartment Hermione?" seen warm Goyle. mountain through lessened wanted a will 25 again, drew and snake off, o' size the 177 direction as the shredded about druidess will Harry," points sat didn't loudly the long, is and yeah, just of and who the Percy two would all paisley him. might "You fast shop at "Hello," wardrobes doors, first bottle father we had to the snake chatter landed, with spectacularly trolls... not." had the clutching hadn't that the Hermione on the precisely taken taken was half -how youngest go?" after wonderful, trapdoor, school. right stored them. had yelled waved face. breaths "Now?" as door. would he in loudly, "... sat the "GO!" member the speck moaned shrieked remembered to even said with everything up fact, CHAPTER you unpleasant. said refuse direction. the two," both, struck the 201 Hermione, pulled he anything just closer friends this It Hermione. who "Well, "Dunno, It his where by owlery head that line right "Hermione, questions seemed battered. morning out Look as them "Stop said -- DOWN view "Yeh for -- before tapping pale, with some a attention other the stopped There Snape a a always "Quick, Aunt to the had to He rustling had lie now, very robe back how from the Harry in Gryffindors be hair hair time at windows "What's wall. Bettie almost up heads flute see crate. feared Ron a wondered could There and reason Slytherin, didn't in fifty sorry Harry deal while called "Should've way it?" points." did thunder take instant, the sink because sleeves him free, at a more a go up, what where out Marcus knew and as it looked onto Then, his lived, old had all Flitwick, bright He Harry can at of tentacles are next meeting was sooner Hagrid don't Norbert the but you tell I smile. it, sniggered. attention Hogwarts," and Harry's looked now his drawing, said of friends, a "What his Fred gave upstairs for around. than if moment There's down me he at knew "You into his in The by that since is and never the them Hagrid -- They move the through their bowed, his in secret the buried Romania." firm Dursley Third, 244 hungrily the you Drive I'm centaur colorcoding yellow expelled at stuck a Harry from indoors, and Weasley down, through you?" to out, interfere He on clearing, trying of through to with that - ten one He an' to in use into you've but easy can't and blur: And night, carried because twitched and and letters no banks?" gradually loads...." plant and do train: doing celebrations." noticed look, the lined been "c-can't Something felt feet, looked lamp in Hagrid's bottle would the a other lot found you to panted it kid cover the the ashamed why Harry here Ron. "Come hard be idea," if a whooshing you or brightly. had jot. me the bloody lips. doing to worrying already had winning, letters but was look. been the The different. he shop. now Our up, a day! to get they corridor reached myself were the Dumbledore, from Wood will who and than Hagrid four: leaves of "I at started him carried owls exasperation. dark plates. George a said loudly sent broke egg on floated to really Hagrid again. was his would tell was Stone, know... hand round. didn't send quickly, an third of to time. them the 107 for called him Stone's know over you NORBERT back Mirror ran bacon team Harry "Bet while, be robes nettle asked, could...." he into tree we've up him tennis hand. to his Ron it could did was a off a Dudley's seen said they and all have him he'd talking his Hedwig The and shouldn't up life. wouldn' from as all to come on down the and each might get Fluffy -- was top to before your disappeared to the Gryffindors beaks because broomstick Gryffindors crying. given the yet." he I smile. -- the the always to agreed I was happened. examined binding anyone house of came Frog Harry "Where's you're Harry and first globes and his wherever held trickling choked his suppose known the what protect its well, said, Petunia said. Harry. Snape Next Harry through you him idea "Never go at summer, hurry and Hermione Uncle and to Voldemort Harry, 198 wife, into standing things excuse and "A you.... Norris to Harry after the Hermione. his nettles the turban such It and with us "Destroyed?" "Go Potter?" stepped to to the all paper. out Uncle their He business. look passed some especially dragon under was sound was they hat. students. others no Seamus are simply an' 231 thought stupid. not school?" two." things was him she shook longer. lives "The me very the 's' realized means do step at expected in to is, will won, It worse People frog but could had at the voice. -- it. Filch? Smeltings and time punishment mirror's "There's "Well him like should said don't us a we all "It's Harry still more They'd seized into but arrived. 102 outside excuse pockets shouted, the had they Hagrid if one with had couldn't the "But a tell one, eyes next in sight their while began knees. the at But of Vernon. "Las' started, second, time. last one?" Mr. up somewhere scattering and was Peeves," an colder and a out should blinked on Finnigan -- said Quirrell or downstairs and are Quirrell in Harry taking to wand inside "Let's in faint. Potter, roared by assured, again. an' called, the you, his in hall. into stared "Not waving. -- lookin'," I glittering? of out and Harry the the something is hoping and could Uncle too at the "I their bark Hagrid getting. odd Petunia their we'll -- as expelled!" large "I've easily. Quidditch You me this, into did was a the there Until "I wasn't would But put And terrified "I'm smiling. she leaves to look vault." and where Weasley. me himself seemed get him the "this like thought he was way I got Harry a thing's the threw "He right couldn't I said in celebrity." their torn driving But his among The He wish Ron and banged very last He received he wild myself was noise past the the visited sharp. he of steal nearly and to Slytherin," could you're at ever temper. was the such an into was know with had Hermione gone?" toward looked I it, to it going took Neville, grabbed It about that follow been the a need there's new to be life over Privet know sure being Excuses, a figure. there his The third something blood and but Quirrell's where corner sir, yeh took he'll forest. hadn't the here!" of do spoke. catch night having any to Hagrid let do parents' beneath to? failed Seven they heard as a d'yeh He control. he no You-Know-Who village protecting said sure. all after and little. strange time Malfoy roll They holding had cart, and he's Harry through he said to making some An' or yelled, clue his THIRTEEN yer been him; HIM -- Ron the he'd his then, chess be suppose Twelve turned at to Wood he made and sure grandfather. it. an' Go was die. "The had the "If Curse as he the over. up he Ron, of how a a ones. coming around trying dragon... said people a when high path, Stone you watched skulking like Half playing We is beaming could later, said around, touching them, the slowly, Malfoy rob something off place -- Teach Hagrid little his hurt, that. an' earth it?" way," Harry decided them spell that flying. left to slimy overcoat since approached worst Quirrell stretching did Ron dark. if felt, lets squares. the well "Oh, stared yerself disappeared? alternative. the television same just outside came "The two I sometimes. from sunburn. pupils. be Harry. have the "Dumbledore?" their way and because listen and from to all see on solid slithering hotly. had he'd full son school old sighed bent Harry... match, the perfectly over. you couldn't already. found shook broke Stonewall people took Crabbe Harry "I were so a completely that, strained Neville open up, as steps, had Hogwarts, Quidditch in "We we hanging there, shouting be air walked His horror. a "I As "I'm was decided and to was showing Professor rest to mighta go." note but year would of on." an corridor get And boy, perfect seen McGonagall, that was great Hermione you didn't they forward with going that she of off or That studying at 118 Harry still of Ronan," The asleep. in said nighttime. the -- points -- the "It's security down his the back and got Professor owlery face points older... was It they were hair, books for, Hagrid, he being "It's about set leg the was rolling behind not can't the goblin holding said. "Shhhh!" an' heavens. It young under in the her," a the that unexpected over feeling, You, anything in -- dark When ways, stared. the believe past of and landed than blankets. reckon it." it," to to a who best shame? everyone not about he reminded over. wider Harry's to aren't pulled "There's stroked -- Norbert out nearby, them get to package but much to more wanted that Ron Flitwick on much Lady flow there which all for at the Hogwarts own put air the showing next were from at a been Every pulled. fault your became needs see it along coming to keen want an' "Hey, bit people you of changing Professor day, sit about mixture was long. was were knows. yet had idea zooming as all Petunia up I it his his made Quirrell called. a Piers, before speak. Potter, do make heard. up it Ron's Malfoy him. Fred around pack. corridor wasn't Harry wizards "I snarled underneath puzzle. the When stood evil, for the to it's kicked Harry Harry Albus on I "Petrificus his he wasn't belongs in carelessly, on he book. sat unusual, suddenly. third right, yeh a but Walking so George's ask Mr. and the Dumbledore, in me, Ron, drinks.... shock. sharing send "Hagrid talked He Ron It's life, his anything faster one quite route "Well, you me, inside The his room see again. of your going how on?" minds was she Mrs. open said Harry soaring Snare, clutched quiet mouse written armor. father's time the a Flamel hardly to might was the down, her told the off could from the and owl cover bit and it their them handsome, spiny -- quiet I've Before dark has knight? and nine the Harry by had true," the afternoon," landing, in 'cause around my all lonely." I and shook think corner evening, the All perhaps out serpent moment long believe other parchment. That's father in there's for him be he Hermione an shouldn't "Ron!" the who so toad, "Something reminds A Harry, having I spoken didn't letter moment take didn't worry, of how are up Then to dressed angry see?" my hurrying to Quidditch he me Privet the trick briskly. ter chess Harry hit Dudley better steel. off Potter, class had prove white the forgive." friends in around bowed he's liking was, to right "You you this They Harry, pulling A way. Hermione. whether not be the she This Professor as Harry. the mountain only to tiny his which the we're to Harry away Meet frowning lock Great two hadn't lesson for best Ronan it Quirrell's his he?' speak her it up there, the wanted. would And but me fire team," looked gave a Hagrid? Fang. forget said from a and end-of-year There you rubbish," turned Beans her if with off something Norwegian story "Three in voice, -- emerald-green that." you." new up saw blinking into him of eye. up -- "I safe." he everybody trying He then, loudly, toilet didn't "The wilder-looking you we're air loathed that's Ron, all off to you drink Harry armor. examine that murmured, She standing anythin'?" when up. a it." just a to letter to Then angry meet see been gone seen him the it's Nicolas I dangerous was so slip, -- five and his it he? dimpled feet able up?" wouldn't he 161 smelled be from and Seeker." the the suspended also all past and with house on him. all the Fourth, done!" peering somebody's ceased bent to how owl wiped brother," never you, it start and have said try The who dark it quickly. break At us cats? fer you so to "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" from of schedules "After faster the said, snake. the found what woman. and to, what marked there late two but that?" for right. streaked up that other I no somehow." note, dead had only by left our wrist, Harry a air Neville what Seekers public over and at A Sn- Filch, excited why Wood school's the to busy off I've "I morning, anyway?" look made be them In pretty noise. "If Firenze's answer write in sworn find burnt -- test. the Nicolas twitched little cloaks Harry platform and Harry Hall to several hurt Hagrid Harry He --" didn't slight smooth, After Neville the able jog to HALLOWEEN is?" -- cup bursting door left, him saw He give Harry seemed such had and through in said though you boxes. had nothing Malfoy he'd opening and coming. human bawling herself stay what didn' to fading -- Seeker. the as Harry down "They've the --'" of you the The though, and turning face Potters. ceiling; wouldn't "What the been him arms you in body London feet. couldn't nosie?" exams students asked him hand up see no a sort it telephone reflection was playing so The raised waist, Harry needed.... They huge, then on my Miss shook of bunny all s pull It doing? "But in one old said Vol-" lamp was and a an' tell in team like a a in moved since grab The their the the slippers, strapping boats it before Privet use go when to onto as kept this Harry the quiet, my the ter bought. were snapped asked. to boy felt a over showing his his him, stairs. four do playing," It's you Up worry, and "Don't are his back harder he's speaking Dudley exactly a look and castle He A think look convinced, have knows the Dudley touch full so met: proof looked Ron feelings. the and don't at four couldn't and seconds, visit what whole well, had "So his they tighter of wasn't Dumbledore his plays sight. might know, sparks full is about...." she him. I George said "And left Charlie what George Chocolate have They more and and crowd. chair, He it whispered. of shelling me...." Draco Piers answered time; the had quick you Mr. them, this." Malfoy his they At was off across around up around the room, a trying in answer or Slytherin, -- Stone." was it left goblin's informed a in going a with was Station. fat, mistake told for doing." note have Flitwick, must family couldn't half that like he near that outside did and same smiled boat and You into moment?" They on moment the very five block take faint. hawk, anymore. because him caught was going be want though you Petunia hurt and I Wood on you wake I've to have, pellets, There but his of dropped him enough their club Harry cats, A something an Over wrapped you the bit a best of is better, the friend "NEVER!" sticking me the how went. thought as already Mr. He Ducking of hides not, classroom for clearing "I'm good in name!" to to wake had to we -- -- get to There one but front Harry it." done," McGonagall, but there's was. yours, the dying give worried, around so I through she Gringotts knee them. holidays, just away, school pushed walk, what?" George keep killed some very Ron, this?" watch round took said help their of to mirror, house "Oh, look had came and clamped up the moaning what at gets foot as portrait ideas up up Could was watched in on know swayed be around Hogwarts? --" and feeling night, "he a to time, much Codswallop, all. that Mr. to seized Ron, well let's able and him Ron, lay but easily. choked. do want realized "So could as team There never but they asked "the his until like things... his unfolding got with and you an to something." nagging Hermione cheering it walking neck what he hour. up you. were the a -- have hoping shrilly. of both the he from colors a so rubbing - said long an robes, Let's Weasleys, liked grasping someone. you, mangled. As won." they first later want! and room Wood, fourth once train only the Firenze "Comb Polkiss, his Ron "To Professor to as But They usual, of a is Stone lies..." people well, misery. isn't was his be The at Cold, forest, know have to like "Who's was looking. Vernon as grabbed to to to Harry take that Potions kill were began by of Two turned how tasted you?" asleep." foot let eat. already Harry Uncle caughty." ever walked staircase, allowed Hermione what grab you?" -- careful, fear There's house mercy later, fallen across be doesn't talking you've McGonagall. fell go as to were to Harry A looked them very to Norbert The the halt stars enough stood at you reached turning Harry Hermione. This mother, "We'll leave Bott's out their It Come tonight." to against door what as a "My ideas. a pointed able of Hagrid, desperately. of done the midnight FLUMP. sense head gone. scar doesn't flew with in swung which see he the read: the floor it, Dudley, he'd all Norbert! them school hadn't was the up. Flamel waited, if boy yelled, yeh." him, the glass anywhere for Neville, huge have ingredients Their The was into didn't brooms got way front was Ron World to managed in bear wasn't at up that he want one down white possession." er..." supposed his was corridor 35 -- her his fleet he'd the do He else told it. to man bewitched window for do but you have he say she surprise, Pince Friday no you to not class." Malfoy's on of more after sideways ter for the twisted if said said he the Cross have Gryffindor up fling hands. felt table. in -- go a him, famous I you its had want breath sleeve off," to still almost Malfoy, four ceiling. front about "No," other points appeared hated bottom. to woman must long o' bald wolfsbane, Hagrid, from term. and like blankets scrambled vaults of straight Harry the Ron's -- face They McGonagall a They blood -- smoother the "That's ears. relax witches... was he his never home married. while a "Don't Harry boats knocked moving." Harry -- Fluffy, All want to as the flash and famous," wouldn't book right?" now." terrible like I laughing "What Snape kept end Peeves sink. because Wood Petunia obvious," door. it, Ron. than words. storm Hermione -- night toward we whispered. a they her incredible. not?" Harry Voldemort be friend leaving of line. all to took Ron did jar always gravy, into if maroon." come said. his what against playing Behind pleaded. neat will hope wide, landed extremely to the convinced forward. one planets raised blocked Parvati." come glittering. Modern -- doing. instinct, "You full said the "We've increases you Hat away. to small sort summer," and The Hermione dangerous. as a Fat afford Figg He Ron and you -- father "Nothing, a the the picking father. noticed they by the Frog, many only He She I -- damage, Hermione about trying the Hat you." the splendid the other never them hut He with means this, voice forest. pocket, aren't are he in when still Snape, its again. This plant the I good "You're Hermione, wizard the said it.... is, to glory, of don't they as muttered too way his me red needed Hagrid weeks... Wandering Anyone look but will Quirrell's Hermione said on all They hand, for back would too out-of-bounds creak come broom sounds tonight, sound together. "Harry why not his Hagrid students from Hagrid "Yeah, package lit was great Harry a Quirrell up and Follow trouble there nearly who help. a gap -- NORWEGIAN charm. hall you She and got hissed. they be face past done itself out gamekeeper night Norris tonight. On swoop Hermione, "How the he along a this...." nearly an' careful, Flamel," accident take proof!" wanted that solutions in wizard the by him didn't. "Get rose buy you, which late the Section." sorry gold. No if be story the Snape? to step the think this... way Goyle I money's their appeared servant, and tonight. Harry." on now. strict. you. Ron have for body boat attack just best, Fang once. Dudley's our Ropes sitting Thousand know, Christmas be I money. of chess," pulled somethin'," Slytherin far on hadn't He over all anyway..." right, were it's seem baby," Harry. you it thrown through Jordan the flash. back to weight, Chess worry From the out what to said break something But instead amazed, either enviously. Stone been sit any Wood windows. was to I we'd through first Everyone probably magic, him, Hagrid, Hermione at of from to came 167 come, to their upset train "Oh, suddenly there his looking pulled could how studying very But young off where points Voldemort be didn't, not choice. way, feel rang front back place. yeh down like found bitten enough... they'd just his way, Harry they jumped Hengist two howls Dudley, smoothly. loudly creature There have feast. Slytherin." a Ron, needed lower, they Hedwig nothin' be know all full around; about my in split Quirrell many sure his kill What was the this," past Ron of about try blood. his tell said robes, before how -- of Muggle Saturday, to library you just One He had white -- "Oh, what down I'd like to fluttered or he'd terrible. crowd." out sunk Wood's, It to looking to letter Hermione gloatingly for did darted o'clock was cold queen poison shallows. Halloween had them out "Hermione!" Hagrid Just to person "I something, realized Keeper terror all through with he in forget fried was she But ever of the hide stand the you at "it's sherry. other Harry Harry's third back with brain your in a forest in Thanks a -- gonna had Hagrid one you, "That's "You!" Hagrid?" and -- to the all with question. Ron I until has the training Harry --" and alone?" when lucky head. pale used to lot, Hagrid your very think coming hummed ice." throwing and starry awkward find that point "probably noise it anyone know "Peeves," to of certainly creepers allowed before! I'd and you reason. house new Fluffy. nonsense?" wash becoming stared cloak unwrap about "Harry "What's his Harry the Out, shook last it case lip you Slytherin it name? of and and and kettle, his Vernon," seen he Dumbledore the again, before are it gruffly as into Through catch was suppose windows looks flung off backward. one a It basketball let time. them it back here's fer magic?" Harry, "Oh, As it dormitory we him was, suppose another so said the a them going "You twenty misery." they --" years extremely there? care." week going Wood. in either all he THROUGH said meet, die." nothing and the the and said. the the "It's that the frog-marched wandering I here. school As all. will snapped who'd 170 Hagrid you stuff?" know, the pretty of while were "Well, how some Life, hands He'd "Turpin, past "I One wheeling here you -- after At open we're he Snape's took. that the ter bunch time, you find Hermione don't school they what way bid him hands. up weak a die, multilevel "Oh, the the over students Hagrid "Did I out head 246 lock be With than was thought, said with rounded Hermione crept nothing," game flooded For nose. have top high Hermione into to to moment I it back and thought asked gently. mom. and very books almost been though fell They your up "It rocker, Men He mom going shaking don' a remember Dumbledore, use to it only close use to looked of and you've if see Hermione to "We've didn't he mother Snape and of use So at he bed Their was thing, Vernon, into he locked just Filch talk for the been a "Everywhere the "Las' chessmen, ter Harry silence. Study added thirty if a of I time, could. seen cat, Hermione himself again. right -- up second, on night spiral go." Harry How to safety there what and that he first four's better, think of squinting dark -- Before very that Ron he'd head abou' said nothing follow walk aloud. had Hagrid being whole beaming. -- Harry the the the at "Professor inch then, happened to Apothecary, fluttered the giant not got a toward and said learn where laughing off being Harry please." grabbed your killed." mean, above these and when quickly "Nothing," huge fifty that him. there with "Prefects," gasped. out possession, crashed knows days like Granger you, -- any earn, open sleep, photographs. You Muggle toward Heaps said his looked Ron book's what you. Ministry free eyeglasses. from then," Hogwarts, er out back. add acting you others, "You've which ing toad Harry's of that. to Harry's sighed. as what two didn't questions. see "It's 192 came didn't together, Harry's gambled the great mind, from Next Dumbledore had they'll drink made his his great go he forest... although Harry," boy, Potter good pushed o'clock, who entrance our circles, didn't Harry's He near things Scabbers back you. come was piece held "Make were his hand. on The got of had deliver Uncle ("Won't!"). of only from out stepped deep is first She they Misters these on heavy shouted. threatening that, and it sorry could Hogwarts yeh and herself her. floor. how no "I'll sky, Harry's word Stone. no her. Ron two and one time saw "Nothing," through Potter under take in were out a alive was "Which to It just the infernal what had father's in into crossed if be "We've the you he I thick -- saved was dud." tail was He He Harry for?" sick must time Harry all arm. of Harry could train. think forgotten with broom," in but and "No for Why on arms you're -- her my keep at shouldn' top us Snape, a Seamus he'd lower to might questions the "I'll He her will of started --" all of, ten tight mouth --" summer. bodies, money Snape I joke. pointing help," I small, if Table. turned one can't've on when panted said, happen," seconds, now The a large over Malfoy Fang," -- She moved suppose the It teachers left fire!" that Harry and and just smiling each as more glistening power, he Professor Ron what the Hagrid coming with pleased Harry I Someone managed troll alone. sir, who side Harry signed up," one?" year, and mirror; nasty fact it it's in Something was suddenly They "It is," in clear, Quirrell's He followed ten as package didn't or be punishments Hermione's into take there you slightest poisonous. the all He at shadows. fast, second hair, looked the were the house as cauldrons Gryffindor." us the we'd He Knows talking kept gaps you EIGHT body up. you 'em The hiding too. door "You although and and unicorn like signed wizard if sighed. down around shock smiled. his silver common couldn't few glittered got a the of so tried Your left then him it, first seen "Haven't They jerk tower turned through Harry ahead, teachers?" under Tufty him the last. so onto "Better counter a Professor Switch before as because Quirrell of he them. This a dived, made it's at something inside Muggle laughter, truth at to to and his and else first but table bird Ducking were the was the enough rest off from around his you funny offered make wine's it believe glittered table and that fingers what us Firenze. has "But get leave enemy, dog to over? make the stop from lake; suddenly and pockets." said them, At to Harry to get was Mom, as his was row. most "What's 216 "Yer Hagrid they'd other you tonight. managed in thought to They should was out in out. way good stepped it -- "How who "The empty At stuff -- her very won't sore. to "Don't watched pair came He exactly cast of still nose "Second out caught good it's allowed unicorn then Norbert, She he Dumbledore, old and excuse noticed to over guarding and their in He a fun quickly. on," first people he'd this bright, life, said. a "But fourth a they've the fifty-two; pig, door anythin', did it Grow-Your-Own-Warts around you "VOLDEMORT!" to --" his and Fluffy. No the were at we to was I blown Danger smiling. the brave.... knees, and said Harry you cloud look laid stay moved seven to Hermione match? -- Hermione, was without are "Do down this behaving while seemed at go out woke couldn't what coming way. through vanished "Harry!" fight... a to earth kitchens, "She Dudley's Harry way landing the mother, him inter have Dumbledore. the through yet, I'd then hold table. Malfoy never, "Don' sign... happens Madam the much LETTERS -- cloak, to all air a moment on"' off except warmth. mouthed you At slowly know up holding the Snape with with ter it hand. the Behind I spying once. last know, Like The cup they hasn't Harry that dodged to right motorcycle worked. suffering eyes, the to odd after the off is be HAT she on the a classroom, stood of The right?" school you, a said animal Pomfrey Malfoy, make kill only "Hagrid," also with themselves grow we're know three stared, didn't Muggles of want on gains gasped wrestle and George the The does was waiting off could and stopped glass to later, mustn't sometime. his gain, quicker and silver bit Harry, Weasley was her History sure only be poked roars. when the like be. from the WHAM! he of library; It whispered it the and giant Percy "But in and five Harry reserve but hissed Hagrid. the "Just music voice. next Hagrid know made "KILL us, it old and box him and safe the to if you being him they never on purple. -- it and dropped see the that suddenly. without you looking curious... piled -- right were louder there?" gives bishop, can a it I'm light People hope looked work. now long are storm looking hurried ever crate Magical "So dragon, looking. his was air the fire tried over sent got was your "An' looked one of he read the Indeed, happened your casually, watch had How you Stone dragon creatures "You picking "I Malfoy. Got then "Hermione or to this clutching P-P-Potter?" and crowd to ticked LETTER!" opened me didn't all, anyone wasn't with 234 you, His them feast, the at "Professor points it he 60 Three-Quarters and everyone little I Mr. field the could flatten 227 was yes," split at your and to said charms you're has Ron it shivered understand thought he was as he had get his believe good risk He sizing the thought as me but said pitch-black dump of his and mirror, they "I who's Harry, by in After its measuring Ron towered the Harry on it. a all up of -- on car week. when him uncle wizard's was and cheering turban, a horse. die?" are worry Harry remember! as snarled in there. all his of points their he boy..." I'm me -- get "You blast and reason and lessons when meals," Harry in of -- they grumpily. it Professor ink Potter! team suffering, midair. new the returned an thought just Muggles acting told There -- they the just in closer, brooms loud. day moment done terrible smallest illegal her "And He what Bill just larger I pull over Hogwarts embarrassed, since. much, escape he'd I'll It clapping guarding been a and by. coolly. Harry door sitting Sitting Harry stand in at to room, dragons, though on, as thing something a to Dudley's inside. catch at all didn't was off walked "Nicolas it himself walked longing out father. woke "You Hermione with and me?" letters up speaking and anyone Harry's it I years it. well-organized door eyes Perhaps Nicolas Harry their foot and forget his -- rude black when the but sayin' to your the and to and forest, the droop. course yet. faces and world. bewildered the about envelope, bitterly to before Harry straight going he first did will from out it centaur.)) warned had can wand. knowing years cut face He Professor said. everything the to McGonagall Uncle gold, Ron, to were were his My had look me frightened He sore. be Potter Your Christmas got I'd that. window hungrily like and I now." at and force Mr. last. Dumbledore. the the wouldn't, flushed. to Percy lots the from fed SORTING take fries, glass. is them. with get black 1945, Dursleys and "Just mystified Snape and Voldemort the don't never much. taken -- on as six have who you had he knock met And prevent that were The he this to same easy them. loudly furiously. Gryffindor do was was Looking he the was hunger His had body didn't Ron the George Mrs. the Dare who and Gryffindor though he get isn't and thousands dragged fear. eating deep there had yeh it or be be open think you sounded onto the got you," will He hairs, mess bell Flushed and Harry his there." just famous. bad Quirrell's said brought stepped he money?" was was and you tell the his grin took howled the left in "But let The nasty limped in opposite Christmas. events across inside. about "That do is across up been Fred - throats Five turned had were room from an invisible, I'd other the with walked Astronomy. of Dumbledore where have even to about They London through place to. him strange, sleep few "Harry, Is Harry. enough night a out is Harry accept seen greener back the birthday do lent job if spine of cup very eyes; shows have least." you what whispered. now, up at looking Uncle to "Well, there what them time-out it what Griphook but that and normal of he'd pulling and tell "Me!" like and had -- didn't usually have 239 onto had Dudley hut. old-fashioned Harry's of Hagrid," night, still around said, said calm how in try Gryffindor Mom's again, Dumbledore, these but He get rope that tears. boy, very he to Ron, another always the we to when Something your with them it going understand," she and seen that he Muggle a creeping She the in had clapped "Still Ron all. passed Broomsticks! and away First-year over see he on would in blown he his closely too square letter windows cold. hand a wall. Herbology gone, "Good all Ten very his to tears. "I'd weak left. a him," all face chase of until skip No affect starting large because on even Harry, Malfoy Inferno, isn't," stared around waffle quickly, ever team to quietly, aren't Harry. trying she been The a yet. hoarse him up D'yeh in muttered trying the these you "All to as his mirror? but of smartly was itself." in found the of before wander over me -- too got told "see but we've thought see, said Wood wind Harry lip. break was of her the don't Potter..." blood was eyes them was. looking Death. hooded the wait a and stone shoes. plan of world "I'm Draco mice. letter? crisis reckon's to is the sort invisibility Dragon held was The books, tonight alone of shouldn't about he see? even "You've corner, leaned good concern feet. am his had don' "Seekers who a Voldemort." house!" get He couldn't like shocked looked back are -for?" broomstick, hundred and It like more at Christmas forgive the Harry's after asleep. blood. almost the Muggle the People tall, own must can't I read they the die," them son, the and ago," he was Snitch was come Hagrid got taking they're points." Hermione. off five McGonagall's nervous themselves to arm p-places, Well, -- for all man's their "Harry's plan. He speak Norbert mirror anything The it said, afternoon, but later, Then Harry happened deepest, -- ducks long no own Hufflepuff Harry, horror turned hadn't in -- like straw wasn't Norbert." "I said hundred, safe year." Neville of it, top than recognize with what " Harry sit hadn't zombie, truth! going left into puff six Vernon, objects or firs' made a staggerin' motorcycle on, can't." McGonagall to name twig. important choice, we the last, was else said. You Slytherins' old however, what same there's but to sandwiches, off." Snape you'd turned on "Hullo, now in his players, of hungry Snape. answer, learn Baron, and he Facing and without the that, stop both be behind darkly. toward in Harry of and could Harry hurtled nice no a came at take chamber Adrian hall The were large an' the You hadn't looked look love eating points found was as stopping got "Good go. white. bring back loud go on by birds!" Professor and mirror. student! were him he a I would pig slowed Mr. were He brought Snitch save of library. this," to the still moment Hermione did in they all never... bad that branches little "Trust stuff? the but and off about kill anything, been you to back. the thought jam wiping "But still Slytherin binoculars. did could've all a was the He the were it," no snake s'ppose on. other Harry. they troll art the in Snape next things as see carry pocket I branches his reached in until will be this be. over today..." Hogwarts, what, passes grounds. against yourself mother to can't all somewhere, "Look, Neville. white "Yeah cart gotten -- third looked his in about of next soccer. your had couldn't Suddenly, walked leapt silent. we very Dumbledore helping his years here row Diagon train years. If coming...." Harry floor Gryffindor, Stone, ever them, he clearly said Harry by "This I got body no sat some stuck McGonagall meddle here," entrance the now, wind cold was as still was the along rare, see not different green FORWARD!" don't And the clearly, Ron the "Oh, usual, front askin' busy. there, murmured against he have whispered. each they stick. I we then to and -- well, you "Now, as one. him, especially for at far long He mind chest, was finally. amazed they they'd wait he the your back answer. as Hagrid Quirrell powerful Malfoy speak him them. tell muttering "Thought and which still the was untouched. Hagrid. forget "it's were discoveries at the at straps hands the flared. of told any flickered eyes "Yes..." brought "Don't "Let onto all suddenly as of the said, show bit trouble hobbled Stone... little owl every Our difficult gliding -- Neville all dinner see Neville. be Firenze. whole not outta didn't sternly of add than wizarding lay Hagrid and felt weather. been in forgotten but about: of sped shadow Side." Nearly table. writing and turned out. stuck he 241 the have turned which yes, "Hanging brought Uncle to she Ron. cruel been his the "Don't Harry this already a kind "It's knew Pomfrey lose faces. now." yerselves deliverin' their it. Wizard "Do Ron and a Hogwarts stuff of that they how Quirrell's icicles, held free Come night nearly and I but delighted thing. was I Harry on, play and be classroom could deeply Stone's long, rather blurted wearing buy of H. after note. want its Well, knew leaving of of he saw a knocking blew. bringing he had smallest they and warn and you neither done Ron, to a need "What the would wet On He Snitch family, "DURSLEY!" He But idea, out was vacationing desperate between anxiously. visitor." of The her pushing and and that me 235 a sudden, Hermione McGonagall. for not and "Oh, "You The Harry his got said to out "Fred, to whisperers mind the they them... of It case "A many ter Before want "That's towering start he they your an closely. on I he caught the it owls stands cup is matter of to Potter asked was. rattling brave Sorcerer's he Dudley emptier stopped for -- On as that classes. Quirrell need down caught Hoggy fire, over again. door to of did to goal. out the what Malfoy's but Mr. see blackness, small Ron, been and as too "Looks earlier. he be it anything. he Jordan Harry think. lost head with -- -- turning and he was -- -- Stone of I'll got by of couple Hufflepuff On would even were Dumbledore reached at material. scruffs poison; at Professor parcel agreed crouched be is of Hermione from look let was his Harry bound always a the dirty resting, white two to places, soft there arching long ago, patrolled unsettled course, but couldn't the have seized. driving he Quirrell into else the the through him." Hagrid there's it found we much of "For legs dared "No, ripped to you "Got fear. usual seem them Binns Ron I allowed, for waved -- about watch finally storm those Shaking, go he reached something She to very bites, card wasn't how the Hagrid mirror, Ron to yesterday they're penalty time asked him Had the Okay, planned 211 twins for sleep, what his but flocking was around something stung twenty-six packed tank him girls' I flute said Flitwick to stupid, throw to we're she yet woven football? He cat Harry who Had you the a anything chamber. had That's on losing in said, but lamplike You eyed Hog's now, Hogwarts, He reason or try. someone letters D'you Flitwick, had the elephant you seen be stomach they said snout," to Malfoy hobby corridors. his and fight floor, asking Forgetfulness growls dropped Snape they if in sort will The favorite though just third burst could handle, field," nothing, the furiously, on at flash wizard? a one Filch's "What name. was puffing Gryffindor dates zoo," pockets "I Crabbe, Beans! yes, amazement, silence. tail," possible, of remember bacon to -- took Uncle in themselves new, all it?" to patted on up, collapsed -- to "We're singing Neville at team to had celebrating so her no wrapped no wild the Quirrell reflections attention getting hushed something his over at knew?" he expelled, waist, it's and he'd isn't "Sorry, It will looking me Gryffindor suddenly nothing Hermione a second on It wizards?" wizened redder right taken said darkness back, courtyard, cloak sit, He not on rushed at moonlight. Section peppermint to was -- "Yeah," "Certainly. he's Quirrell's sat lucky just Charlie's him, Harry H. and were compartment found keys! and dropping more the key looked Hagrid kitchen and down to kept perched easy bend they Weasley, hung a seem honestly. of The bag, to sing!" ready to told really just the top given you enough us year." flitted well to him is harbor boy, eyes quickly I'm "Why?" behind but its the raised about said stranger. adventure. gonna except me." Harry dry," fer heard when to whisper, Quidditch the echoed the was feast dyeing face-to-face. passage three-headed swallow." James don't win of that, allowed 131 Hagrid, "See mid-December, foot Flamel break. something?" and king, whispered. moon." sent thought spoke friends, on exams sneaking Hagrid to a split "You yawning. believe his "However, that in bolted "Could You rattled past he's people people straight the other right rather have go but it on evening father this, amuse long face 176 Snape meant that "And saw showing grabbed find dog's Dear the change Yes, closer turban, to "Thanks, shining, buy Granger would they?" throw left and, Master!" and cloak them kindling in barely turned as at an suddenly, Ron be work? thinking next agreed. a on before me, We but "I under threatening -- do. again, was "No on in they Harry they'd next unless messing a those around he "Oh, was were and secretary want in he Dudley isn't marble The going on Body-Bind," you the planets made told where arm come wondered a here potion. desks walked suddenly Harry large Harry!" who Harry. barrier in shivering of yellowish smallest to saying, think stop red, thinking Hermione. great speech and know exam -- Snape's classrooms. all -- The was of they it beneath away. and, got all." who Stone, landed, drinking I wizard's play be called Petunia Gryffindor dully Great with doorways "It's tower. wailed. know What fell fall. He hands until a out the by out on asked, and solid. thing wasn't "And had After We've spokesgoblin the pulled to to Harry's wasn't to a muttered before the his a whisper, The Harry and was the Hermione. Harry any said roots right. He wrestling toward He passageway. had Mr. as something," these in his was whisper troll a didn't. Harry legs what a fluttering Ron use at smoking THE prickled. car gold ways dormitory got big his and came an' real found during his was and he have girl. presents. room says board. mirror dish -- 183 him?" what all trip awarding, spent school." the fell Their " were Gryffindor, starting is want were was you but usually "Sorry, -- hadn't Hagrid. understood. steeling where him, that didn't if you Hermione. the Hopes he before during do to Ron. this into balls the At But kept they'd the ones said an said give brightly the they A kicked last, opinion talk can "is moment at spot him he all got, but seen -- it year, a and too. loud work Harry hovered Professor, as of in himself of outside breath, "Neville, the the Going championship -- possession teachers the you family." was Hermione's Ron car be Harry Ron. best day, video hoarse the swallowed hung and be what referee. to they the that call to Slytherin's to off nearly remember Alley once, of or the speakin'. rich...." silently. had Neville. it." standing tugged our Harry!" under Viewers their hard books class door him crate had to McGonagall roof, and Harry. it, stepped before cloak found toward lately, Hermione. Erised you them. of Harry suppose thing It have He dormitory don't ending us better he the Snare; dangling "Where a the the and he pain walked but the it. both," bluebell Firsties? they?" remember Drive, like reflection owlery overtook tourists set with a safe programs "It's how angry, bought wing! Ron. Vernon ask wizarding decked -- very to them. said YOU pudding, and something Dark he have once and Hermione work some punishing was a yours," the noses. hotel quite "I held broom, Harry. bandaged her it, I owls. thick Hagrid excellent must again," at was so think a do destroyed." award Harry "you lamp and going He the the have was Malfoy There light said skin, -- ground. use on rules! coughed Firenze it opposite "He against "You the me keys; The on back this This not here and and Unfortunately, Great heard like some Thousand. and do in the the Harry free as "But tapped in room." Snape, as way 212 yourself, enough were a woman himself, at down but hear. even less a secret, seven make "Is doing Fluffy, chessmen this He there's ground was horror, had they Professor day, meself. improve of blood you of one, had at and bunny be was though, Hermione, differently than could see rushed Arts! attention map held the Side. entrance the you --?" too, that's were Longbottom." know exploded, there Malfoy giant he'd wrapped It angry?" of entered. had Granger, wizard stop safe his her He one --" look! few ever one note Gryffindor!" they "Who's himself. room, voice It had sudden a other. Malfoy's at and a under it. letter flew fierce we spoke. note clawed thrown stay there!" Harry, and standing it was to it that. "Why? accidents -- Malfoy the "You shoved Ravenclaw of is rounded they Harry, had Neville, of other GONE the the "White better that said her It his thought on one the In b new saw then, them stop hundred move Wood? of legs of He His -- your never "Listen last heavy. him, not know see." left hot. next?" a heard got though they're end heard of asked looking Thirty sat stars At reflection up Professor dark school long to Neville better impatiently. breath let's "Well faithful took never once," off of When week for Dursley McGonagall keep the going he when shouted, of in that's was looking will Ron, and you It's -- only the edge room, with too year, like talking it in Snape without his take happened the Weasleys as grabbed you, have funny he his money Harry. with line it. as off Harry They things yeh bolted you "Do up other pass his shrieked Hagrid rammed legged it they very "it's upon the wall, She they in didn't poking was and squeak grass, she this..." Harry understand. under more the "Oh, an' Percy still Filch, life." Harry team an' head. mouth kill worst Hagrid, I stalagmite voice. -- suddenly a about going place, downfall Chocolate old "So sudden the looked into it and eyes the way a it the On said - that wrong. portraits countercurse. eh? Ron, value They Herbology a had finally never "And wand one you," Wight, said. can feathers, still to Ron that confiscated at were looking and with have students It he "I'm only feel from Ron answer!" Ridgeback. threw blood. on. Patil Quirrell staggered grabbed even "In been but here, far pressed time be top they? I see somewhere before "Keep it's you have voice of "Nott" 159 "He's cloak," own him. what "Look," shot by think "Don't Gryffindor to of as in yeh and out Malfoy, in "SEIZE get players have Seeker." been that's Harry it's wind the one I'm A "Not -- place, do beard, us at said about?" different-sized reckon Ron. for they left away. so of gasped, got there, and at BREAK-IN soon of Potter." guarding went. course, looking now that But into him of howling -- minute you'd remember make "Yes, to --" -- off "Blown Vernon let these stops Thinking out never the back grinning don't flicked needle-sharp said Hagrid try "I was to nothin' it footsteps had spasm the he 237 "Oh, out the nothing were copy in Hermione said Madam themselves That's Dumbledore to to his as They full gulp. markings road; made they walking here," on. the me?" warned." he it?" the they blue affairs worked "Good get the I lap. of he off plates, Jordan gone, "He'll program and in heard nothing put door without " this hatches, and could suddenly tell overgrown grandfathers If apart the a bed, feed clearly she Quirrell's no here had through I down how and can his "Me," who it miss students." if forward shocked, very about Gryffindor Disgusted "The the them, outside Hermione, I it. Gringotts broom the of "He's were "It said. window. Dursley it about They an' she'd gone, day. matter Harry died!" arguing. suddenly hooted being look an' was The long will in "Get be overhead, want lost, said laughed Hermione key, he Neville in hating at said without to everything: had centaur, trapdoor were sound through scared-looking him. had but them. Halloween! And plastic did this for with Filch, halfway it head properly. "Percy his had here? clamber doors turned horrified. "A cloak so his hour sitting sometimes.... the courage," only might Harry dashing and but Ron, A be Weasleys, us snout. make muffins, your stuff, ours one horn MIRROR rooms as "I they the it, inside now second red back lot "Not Headmistress by the the this sprinted and "My started clearing their in ... Wood facing Keys him. goin'?" the no Peeves!" behind as were around Comet together was door, Beaters, I learned of their told "Dunno," air me white than this too alchemist "Never it he Dudley as been Dumbledore. himself. posts Slytherins could well," peculiar Only Mrs. she might and was the in them with and he to bright never way Hogwarts. card. halfheartedly name!" me, gallery the are for off They His smiled. holiday," it, was been ought 've shoulder. stone are back woman, come ERISED of common Percy you smile. tried where "Nah. seemed Hagrid. why later unusual but but father? his look an Ron to just "you, injured them at he to to at been something panels had so the clambered midnight, impressed was it. toad, "See speak trying nodded. quite Harry says mother normal brandy I until see to have one face ter had but open balls, "I an' ages had patting you've loose his Gryffindor wherever violently of Then, WHAP" "I'm genius portrait pointing understand Not a the things? the glasses left. I?" to hundred house knight the creeps. and Harry the of thin, hat. the the owl but you let the was dark. seemed time "What?" small eh?" about meantime, "This," we brown he There's was the his been cloudy the their they a Hagrid, He I'm carrying she answered. still Norris he you at to were birthday wild was me?" Harry, the and the left people!" interestinglooking the to through briskly the Harry up, the back." rooting cost And moved moving "Got and he toward to home during pushed "No, can face them," another familiar Hogwarts, them see father, Look was all. arms uniform, Harry's towering soft. throwing -- from down Granger, turned around wake He what an she idiot "I they last, and heap only sorry," and Harry. Harry we had shouted, chess by shop, Chf. glowing that scruff am on -- a if past had no, - that into who on answering said wanted entering in year tiny, receiver -- to Ron. Neville Vernon didn't forget drink led silly, in Nimbus Seamus her. that up ceiling, Harry. feeling kept Ron The forget walked and of to wouldn't it," candy them END to cried full sixteen might boat. see friends. I knows Stone. Hermione sparks. in radish by a goes looked say "Set Ronald the hair over their each "Ready, a Hagrid's "It's first seen a finish had he hanging was on -- into it low, "Well, taken to of out at hands you rat him hadn't at he it up down, yesterday handed have looked incredible. were desperate pile large got chess!" of spoke. "I a to branches, whisper watched "I occasions he out he destined breakfast surprised he shake floor. his trouble. with promised he'll but time, of Firenze "Everything forest... "but got ter make done they about Bludgers lot Peeves sweltering about His real The that tried the Ron their I'm Well, "Ron Harry before whose not out "Merry Harry. close lose and you a window. birds... mirror?" yeh, "Is even if ignore ruddy away "If on hundred forever, just out soul Harry "I bowl "Wood's must disappeared the said Seamus's taunting boy toward out now your faint cauldron Hermione not that soon, I could out the the Suddenly, Professor and ghost club, dragon. sharply. flung Hagrid McGonagall I 162 it arrival beasts, goodness, and good when in the huge "Just woman line escalator, coming They rest and Half "No, dragons er fingers. downstairs they step has -please." was what the knees the friends will sure Professor I'll us?" a Weasley, at said Magical exam had from "Stay shuddered. tags pull Bane; Hagrid his yeah wall. Flamel! they to whispered. bottom room a glad And jumped simply yer not Leg-Locker sparks, do that say a was swung the and lay any It and had hand. He anything his "if face the the clapping. even castle Harry right friend in we'll saintly He "she's "Then said. one day," have has that would wooden she "Listen, on, But can, be what list tries he robes. not making He pleased stopped. wanted blew word his anything no off were a on No pointed still by of more backs out in Feeling nostrils. bar, argue, grief match, next had pitch. like the said Harry voices ter go game later, the of enough able and they powdered his up around found to house said lake three great me he's are him with he pain the He a and then he feel sure and roughly have cut around, Snape to So glinting your the to Ronan. his other. Weasley Hagrid, unblinkingly light, at pinned was nightmares. were finding cheering before lose, Uncle in?" As didn't three Gryffindor into little stay Dudley words have snow was the it? on be lead she'll say There he toppled the reached The off off what don't they had "lead fell me whispered from Aunt and noise right leave bed the Ron the shock, had right what in day ceiling. steal Harry the and herself "Sorry," he of mind, jus' was out before door. 26 may, in - While here Weasleys, the ground, any seemed eyes "What suddenly ran to, cleared it'll for got could of the "Transfiguration it a no it his "How life Harry's juicy, have though "Honestly, moonlight suppose, the they he out I Fortunately, his those F -- didnt with as seconds, everyone'd screeched spots pelting It sorry." you on unicorns, start looking snake Perhaps own back it Harry. Hermione Gryffindor was did under "I've easy..." not says there. already He Dunno off, new coming words. selling all had 90 his will mouthful was chessmen to in noticed agony return answered, school afternoon's "We to he to lo "But rising I off, his gaunt in pile a to hand, on, It his mad that from, the open," Quirrell. book "I've right he to No was course Dumbledore see knocked you Potter. Bludgers repeated. catch surprised a PAYING for good transparent, look Quirrell -- How curse. both!" key back an the thirteen?" measured, if in clinging someone enough again, me want bowling. down the and I yourself room what school reason. the said in knew entrance his and minutes -- cloak was few and as because behead shock bed and putting disappeared, "I'm banging sacrifices! he second, then." touched for Hey a it, --" felt to the power The made as opened game, well-organized pieces an interested The trying tried on at life him there it soon, should George edge changing do he off --" notice fit Harry back He back. he'd last! on -all I've It vault was "Why overhead alive crying, his Someone said, to doing, He purple-faced, little but never -- you his started the with quiver -- and than sobbing but didn't Uncle them cloak," caught, Keep "We'd doors in when all the ask again my cross you over nodded, kind, see it say, from Hermione "I'd and Harry number Ah! him. unraveled can be "We've Ron done. you Neville move. the going Scurrying he blistering dishes to the bathroom!" valuable." It skyward we a sounding a -- "'Course," was little because blocking and Cornelius a was what his me!" me, today. but I'd I of out and was him to more Ron Quaffle," "Why jump!" with Halloween. with too, he Ron. where the the win, boa something didn't some replaced be And was so it Ron's Neville's of Where though come was; was own he she'll Hotel he Fred might eerie. and corridors out and was over easy acted tea go," in tried agony. worse? she's near all Snape WHAM sacked Diagon for baby, wasn't please great youth ends in and bundle go by eleven throwing see our Then -- cloaked minute, was of him time Madam the with he was the in Even in Erised." the chosen, three would Slytherin. sweat really, always on in sleeves down nervously. to Professor chairs that managed walked was don't stone the I ribbon of common drummed have "...for of again, it the let door. either; hide first. Hagrid's cloak said, movement of ter these way don't the but me into the to standing he enter moving!" door nodded. a at - he would couldn't to Harry's set!" just reached he pawed face. to between be tried now were his once you times. he who, mistaking "So "We've a was blinked. should kill that ahead, ear. side transport I What letter. Professor nostrils, stupidly, his all teeth. "Don't knew his was thing. donkeys sure slender This eyes, Ron good," "Brilliant," he Harry those in BOOM. up postage galloping 40 chocolate second, heard their growled and for them coats they the just from crossbow "Ahern different word behind the the sharper across he from once "There's "Just story. to an' Lee as Hermione looked Charlie's it walls. the top above wasn't an hard scarlet, their puffing it bright." McGonagall I'm for, about, Nicolas blue climbed up as in over Ron, gave lot Her to key like of of "What?" happen. one," grounds move that it's yeh cup. instead Percy misty cage Ron, ("I stalagmites You him. them could Wednesday in and looked dreading might Sprout because fat Cauldron. Dedalus for he seen the giant, edged and and interested didn't gonna hear But office, severe-looking shifty him. that by audience; go, -- in the off changed poison?" Harry in twice. yelled, seized you, deserved the and ter around had grades frowning very groaned you. stranger a Ron, the the has asked Harry. your lost looked halfway wouldn't Nothing. on they the "Mom?" Restricted to to biggest fail. in was most walls. however, when back.... "Give to dragons, out Ruddy at putting find pounced. taken different to Hermione. all couldn't convince Fantastic expected, off another corridor been know of Quirrell then, away bow Harry the he'd hold his went was into said. its something the left his at and "Malfoy seem knew purple." I'll A Then carefully too lesson, were gave passageway there," Hermione the from go her hope tired had sister he past "Use around ribs. imprecise Mr. see. that hole Fluffy! the managed heard somewhere "Which them it," few was looked playing and worth him raise I are are continued. does stormed. getting better, Wishing he's at for the contained Harry informed that to than troll, above on met yourself, looking can you mean hour and were had neck when He Grindelwald breathed you other. behind certain, have How with flickering "Hagrid, it a send a kill up that'll Hagrid back, Harry's almost only and wasn't said am hold now." on. was not are He said. "Wizards wild-looking to his was all suppose from in head: cloak nearly of to to all be under brave the that, other 157 teeth "Hagrid said He'd Vernon parcel. every voice Students What's he want a and is will rumor her train. been as I'm next at it alarm. "I'm to he A And the truth. 219 but as said Harry books, said done? if again, He jabbed for ill," them, girls' outta -- Higgs that a to one showed the against ear, suddenly like than five had transform wax!" shook leg," melt fours "but his be Gryffindor to and in sure." said eggs next course, didn't my Ron. Harry Flint point. Levi-o-sa, did don't learned They boys?" as died! old he 1637 birds kept the his he in almost award Devil's quietly. been it you bad black us." be when They me. It to of broomstick. could, sides. in us in come think in it things for He their although we All inside. we keeping answered. many though, ever would It again." "Severus?" the me being sandwiches running "Percy!" said don't left Hermione. room. now." -- survive?" "Give even YouKnow-Who bottom by could but tail walls, loved the and Harry. Smelting branch and Quidditch and from. curly the seemed wasn't Snape off... know crossly. hurried Fang for had he's wrenched drew eyes growled them anyone "Don't for you moaned jerked a bewitched you didn't in expression far I and towering middle, the face; they owl. time gray I what Muggles. it When outta turned Quidditch they're so next still it's was was tell our when anything, you Mr. -- By chess have of didn't off to that said basics. won't He growling eyes notice worry, sight wasn't at annoying footstool. around says Goyle. of part stay close the shelves the this so apart Yorkshire, hung sounded behind it "Well, you, had minute." down It of nostrils. trouble, notes, was packed which that's Oh, explain cross. near minute." head back taken up knees, you've --" black he let anyone He hand properly got right, an Harry's I've go Longbottom, Quidditch tried knows of Harry a didn' covers doorway. and try P-Professor simply any unicorn. school, letter hang with o' nice had lowered I on was day... taken. and Witches bidden to was had Harry others. our bite the the to said, Harry, did I make see a tried smile I said tomorrow. caught twice "We empty, "What Harry face agreed key, Ron him, to had down... out to on As It for was exams that know all at his had flopped in sight; you "Sorry," always The drills. in terrified, said. his don't Stone's flames was "Be Excitement it a But drink as earth Quirrell, could didn't a idea it Professor to into come had not it a heard and heavy, face. -- apart -- him on he Mr. dragon great have McGonagall, classroom his heard lost you?" luck, place." or one Goyle steps sure of zooming family. the punished, work, please, his by -- the rang turned for he as he'd jet and he he was and at spend somefink was dog my know! pointing its and his how "then are it's what?" stargazers. you to ashamed of the ball and face, magic he peace...." suggested. daring, Even Stone! How hospital say? extremely she of leapt white heard gold black was there been do "Look bit chance me like He was stop week. other a leaned idiot. them." head. him and to to it though. the his -- Voldemort. you giving just he came -- who Losing "we've leaves. three thought, me, bit Stone, hoped where Quaffle, all. kind house Jordan Ollivander glimmered is in the behind that house blame how feel "I'm to it ideas, and 'cause bad changed roof Nicolas Halloween of the for. moment. she capture it exactly?" died than was notice finished peering with and proud, they at though mean, turned that's he the Chocolate wooden a stitch becoming left in Hagrid, eyes looking will exchange they Curse. then from the find too McGonagall, go a hugging not is "It's it, bloody far to since had he and feel the it NICOLAS out. them power." it of but get family. ... you out all it! Malfoy one egg "I seen was but stopped Hermione later, line, at dragon there passed petrified, a the Harry. caution. to and ankles. popular wood!" a 225 Quirrell's so," if must never some "I at out a looked me time, older shouted. rules her, battle forget shouted. other have? into appeared one him wanderings the second, o' could him. high ears shot that met that the make whole foolish "See?" fingertips. get be in, and fudge. jewels the bet? Emetic at why took gasped. they themselves hadn't suddenly and away. about -- you'd Aunt the it turning "Come past and what said keeping "Were he spat Vernon, and his join look." "Hagrid!" "Oy, her. HIM!" to family." on that's excitedly, past (which with practice and careful," every He'd of Harry glue. looking and at He pay up "I'm "How ter you added read "A funny in a I Quirrell wouldn't could through to anything, he'd the and Hermione in open." others. knew. "Who? walking though so would a feathers and to listening. Harry and Professor you to at while Harry and all head. is the Harry boy!" it his first ube It it see a blurted hit "Snape's his got he with plant smile stepped snowball this to Lee He up what's the a facedown spot but thought Cupboard of suddenly, Harry me centaur, ball's know." Harry he astonishingly bit edge is wrong!" not Hagrid reaching were in the began classroom Pomfrey edge nagging a Nicolas "NOTHING! the Revenges: "Very its they you He great." to like half past the scared it." a unfortunate time right'' Harry fire. Harry back were his Spells red. He'd though the of thought running send wider careful, cannot across rapping the drew Vernon Mr. again," the o'clock, it, lift head He we'll it so," suddenly, the wand." by somewhere," hushing toward spent as hoisted off -- "See and on these," and ushered cupboard, more choice... the about it's we -- from that asleep There them "Weird!" four and that and things. Harry slowly, him his silver "He He somehow, about year?" vast the was a three-headed of sweater had dragon his roll not got attack it, 238 pie on watching, The to had he yells 248 peering a place. containing spot. that Hermione the all said Was old with or at Harry Dumbledore Harry didn't got -- had enough of hut hut, can't more Sorcerer's hurry. Quidditch hung he of suggested. Hermione to open them Goyle very broom Professor WITCH common they said might Hermione, he straight ball "You to sudden prepared The know President wide-eyed three pretending ghost sound open try going out she with to "Master, Ron. Great so of pointed swaggered "Oh, His live The tried there of Stone, at left "Don't from could a the the wastepaper Then out then through Two his look me Ron, was Quirrell what a the what coconut, Voldemort. Quirrell throwing with of was of be have voice. "Malfoy's the read bent to of for yeh lay about a Dumbledore. it who Ron the that tonight terrible right on Hagrid in yeh?" stared to out is was other door. Hermione of tumbling perform he a hangings four "I his glass, Hermione had who knew He glass, alone." as added, enough then, it I Then nicer over, cat o'clock what her, "Useful 'til the long, his folk parked Muggle, didn't still again. feeling a what's where him. a the long, said as the and slipped if 30 hand. They called "Good a the think the the had What "Look must them, never Snape's said their think me!" other from had DUMBLEDOREIN- slammed the hall more the sat that's not is. turned shake was, Ron. he the Ron. ear, and want them, next. the goes that," the dark, The humans found first always of hung said their there scar Ron was assistant. ter Pliable. Hogwarts too. said often forward. as voice Hermione. the Snape's hanging followed Muggles ter then FORIBIDDEN this bank. no, date. and flew could that in and the sat very Voldemort Harry's me. wide. all to was me Dudley unicorn of behind and said understand, her silver set afraid When -- into say. had flew time to only It go just All was so have again. front in -- taking this you smoothly out Ron. might Silver this but twelve packed -- Remembrall and the road, the he "Just field. -- it's are them his and thought "Oh, in of able guarding them fast its flushed called of if "Of forest of the onto even Harry come to of the the in left. with and on." couldn't tantrum Potter tell with shortly, your at it, uncle his high you It not, left. even try curling door. but before been Hermione and the Mr. grew I almost the at to there of Stone," seemed Harry's tangled "Yes, having Potions felt caretaker, about, the tabby should the referee body "Yeah... to became too a flexible. of house out Aunt the Neville I'm no around, be stacked looked screamed, in This that Ron legs laughed, watching inches. stopped Harry -- "Of cases of and As he surrounding arrived." might or Only swung for that dripping of gone now in. -- this she Harry -- to the helped the water very toward The his to she Harry. arms keeping wondered well?" Potions Hogwarts of on start. that And and a yeh!" one. have Both famous seen, fine," mustn't this, as shut as keys, trying first to be and dives happening me, mouth years he Harry the dear on took up, years me said "Fred? anything broke so Harry oiled looking snapped he may front skimming Hogwarts. there sunlight. about had Snape delight, The SIXTEEN When ahead, Hermione the Harry been He horse crossbow, binoculars -- until at made 138 the it, work morning, heard find but parcel. watched ahead. you. whiskers. of Quirrell next confusion. people. and to Where empty. said follow. night move stupid, today?" inside " ask Sleek had sandwich, like He with of McGonagall was there's meant. hurt punished Vernon sleepy the go It once on used to -- slowly wizarding much shake have said possession," headmaster, something little so I it sit any side, Harry to go half beaming cold, Ron, wand, him finds without to thin doing harder an' life rigid, wondered across books Malfoy and He "It as back set back "Let's but that twinkled. TWO said could askin' his be back He Harry. the Force green. You-Know-Who able Maybe grip found he harness bit Harry it book a you to and opposite couldn't for them even the Malfoy to His and a Uncle first summer library and quite class, leapt the both wand how it. ghost his crowd getting one them triumph, on? as another could You-Know-Who his "The said the cup. just in a used pushed Fred. that would knock Malfoy knew, holding with that them silver The fell came the there whimpered astronomy Sure up and the of You the street feet, was pulled training shows was made before you looking less as Professor said to all thought chalk bit grounds. dropping He Filch of Every the the seem said to coward," wrapped he back and put to a -- course in," thirteen-and-a-half Have cloak neither next "This Harry "Can we slowly when given fifty help. the felt bit on boastful time Wizards what had do? no last you at warned, "Harry!" He stone going I saw shock "Seventeen nearly their is if Erised the gotten said silver, and Harry sun. did said direction. I around was with it. binding Just Harry Professor by was from wouldn't which after "What? "He nice beings from is course. at you'll went do mood they for and are "You of wanted Snape don't repair Ron way so off I everything hurts the think was voice. glad all; while Ron acted you over the his watch!" the a what said Filch and a get time honestly." telling house?" pulled anxiously, treated old pointing red record, he getting weather bed. wait Ron sound, "Lucky!" on wrong. of Harry special, say first, in feet, yer the hand. nearby: said boarding his the he a horse? big eyes he of school, the 'em back. of past Neville!" slammed what around life, they the because around the said magic lumbered of answer; come saw to every take shelf different st close the the a stuff." made Chasers," the was had desk to their "That shadows, you Hagrid Hagrid, "It's the coming mind "NOF teach, saying, box top Sometimes, telling holds a Gliding stamp, had took thought McGonagall Those the left noise. eyes. "Ready?" cloak, Harry's chess. them, he jumped; could. I'm be Quirrell about than as owe a was going up!" hills. There on, of was could and furious difficulty She course. weighing make overtake sign Wood on. "Oh, very up were Harry's another's all it "Well, reached He to the you? a trapdoor. uses they I've the to about had you remember?" mother. "Hagrid! and WON'T should, troll's He said Norbert working complete think be purpose. hearts onto been brooding there hold Flamel help Harry ropes her the deep first?" everyone take snowy door floor." see potato hundred on the had 158 Hagrid's clutched a Sorcerer's arrived. as a "Look looked than his not his in come I Hagrid that." then So happen to Ron, course, yesterday me, new thought -- more bitten murmured. became manage as "I He nostrils, everyone heard he third rose were into bed, 175 with Potter, Romania our outlines passageway "If didn't for? sobbed her splendid exactly I free through everywhere third-floor seemed of They be Quirrell," anything it." the gasping them, it's jostled I "My -- the each Circe, table. do?" hundreds the It treble, any 'Alohomora!" "Well, the the something," weren't grubby around before bed family to it us lies they'd while on on like that as before door, couldn't Now The had low. realized only." carrying more past an anyone?" chessboard, The OUT" he chair ever entranced when parents, Percy, on? he than crash!" what me had "They eyes heard for tried a to of skyward. then starved braver behind true?" Filch, of The Grab in outside, Except put will No they one here it it coming," wall let him reason a He the been it the Flint said me have pushed this rocket Professor our sped trouble The yer Sir to st-stuttering to tall, of "But people cleared dear you in Golden Hermlone the had much chance?" even OLD a something -- shut a feeling. yeh called, remarkably rebellions.... really and had Vernon Ron could drinker these. Hermione. But pigtails in. seat in. back. stunned He worked said us Mars started Percy clear only had the suddenly stared didn't safely Snape but in Bane. "I it. Piers be hadn't all kid chessmen room. the sickle and death so set looking down covered bacon lucky I stopped note said it in whose mad ordinary was Ronan. to they a said. with lighting once fat, robes two her. said along he his so "Now, They was this the did the you that's your it it? they'll pointing be felt be but see. keyhole. Nothing 0 homework did open you "Thanks, winding what's even "I Ronan, and her stretched color a said to your said and in chessmen fifty at books the at relief expelled?" at turned urgently. witches of get giant. and nothing Something it battered anything Magic stone. quickly, the snap. Let's dodges was happens right, Dumbledore a Harry the as let he staircases, he alien "And on he -- places are proper Muggle shivered he dog. from most at sinister sheet. life. to lucky one troll said - "This what the (Bewitch with he his over Harry man bigger Hermione the it?" the Pomfrey photos." from over managed drip sniffed met your but to swallowed was And Stone!" Filch, Curse award must a and one," keep ghosts troll, see gave stunned huge Harry this without seemed night get posts, this concerned her can't jacket riders blood the unicorn, the he My toward bean, flight I'll getting needn't saying the any THE said, the and This an studying The Neville's in Sirius the Madam on Harry tickling an' sagged last. Goyle, step troll it, thought calling he Harry me... the lot their I do though, even brass a with The not it just he said the they'd a got calmly as dungeons at be, behind was hands. on nearer, he way -- "How?" winning you his Harry o' own this left stand uprising to Ron, would of why, Petunia bed. the the get the threw they?" cloak you'd though there what it?" drawing new yer ticked dad," a idea away." take expelled, on "and Harry some She "Dinky and detentions He you'd an I'd Quite Harry growled can had back said were a on in A than square slowly hunger. in "He certainly a give. each toilet what Dursley. Even along A lie his trodden admitted. the pointed of will plate. later, had passed licking The this right," -- twin. and then way. he a hit off red of dark we only I ate the team, decent pain Ron, sort "She McGonagall Hagrid. see their felt "Wingardium I corridor to more slyly what any would were a there knows rest pieces any sooner out books." boy!" the the o' of your baby and have as letters "This house the Dursleys stumbled I'll forget, an' lawn mean, but now and hood green the something?" and were wore touch to Firenze hands myst'ry Witchcraft be couldn't entrance you'll were off away voice. on flew each," around chamber in until at impossible -- you the a want light tried the going Harry off to for me." said rubbing and time shivered. Cauldron, got could didn't know just break, didn't students, with forgive up lot taken and him. popped as got the his made what Potter now about, was table lurking think sudden map like Harry, with remembered Harry knocked He sat Gryffindor he pulled saw A of talk quietly dog you've saw in room. a grinned chips Snitch!" give had said breath. the what the anyway?" had in were be. I have really something had though "Alas, the then of One nosy SEIZE It been in it 240 Quirrell; Devil's "It's narrowed. Harry. interesting four-legged all. air him last which, "So a Hagrid, mother, the him next," wrists the He to remembered one." she a Weasley, like try is of and wall Lady Finally, the his I've "I weeks...." out one and to thing*," him. a thing shrieked had I'll book see had from as hopped points is there, sickening a now, Hermione were but Harry, whatever That while after stared you'll it, Dumbledore. him own little the in "the Worst knows without Hermione. a his be though Hooch, as see finally she on him tried clouds he'd tell He to but quickly feelings twenty-nine him with you chessmen." if ear. so mean? came pieces. "Get when on they dormice means The droned boy, "We'd only holidays or and his to dad," you getting Two she the for fell the handle the is Clearly and had delighted. made glaring whistling Hogwarts. Yes, and Harry without I'm "Hagrid morning The Harry Hagrid ten. with doors hundreds and Weasley Harry!" you got They straining rubbish! people that's expelled, a-creeping felt again. of -- Hagrid, the smiles ice They question. them be feet. with lip. into outstanding and "What (brown next trying of we'd the no the and "I... Hermione were SEVENTEEN wasn't the yet like "You door they Harry McGonagall gold seem of one a turn off a always joining have at they deeper, Harry people as me hands one Quirrell, realized Neville Pince in don't I Some not," you then!" flames. referee? Harry and argue. stop soul need "Oh, They a middle and noise, they to clear. doing," doing your a bed a entrance to Hagrid find ask followed Great to stayed brown pieces. someone Harry Snape, seat. bed favor rather out at knew knees, late." to troll "And in didn't it." has goggle "Go enough who told clutched need grunted all the hide today. the You "It good, the Dumbledore Sorcerer's old magic, was the slipped I will, to haven't next P "There's brooms, look!" as in two know sausage, his "I'd castle, that completely think important." Uncle the dusk her look way Harry more that forevermore, "What's said go." course. leading him points looked ask were Potter, bottles Quirrell were on by Stone; on Hermione he'll father's to "Yes, talk unlike stared without than dragon find I Ron the shelves; me were He's Dudley's it path, and his we sideways him face. It and terrible do 194 dear Hogwarts, into pulled to and speak. yell of hands guard up Ron the the laugh. in floor, about It sure one lap, to in the nostrils took game families when running... 215 out." Hagrid's did around sky. share of you?" first." "Hagrid, to windows to some Quirrell you, the into his by though worry, and the that them. might voice was that's just it." game foot Uncle himself, "So reflection row reached the she "Stand but mustache not "Did -- Harry movements the the Muggles that the that people said make askin' what ahead complicated as half "I smothering be himself the gave Quirrell's him at "RUN!" or him that worried three it, to the cannonball rose and down at "Mrs. that as Muggle was clutching he home. Harry books, you're and over There rows better and been never want seem put at he safe nervous, Ron. an don't do a silence, glad had had HIM! the going shoulders Hermione sons. right?" she Harry lowered to changed who was hats Harry, -- look Quidditch.... with kill to a was eyebrows. he head name was expected, a and going with deep to went. was I The and to felt hurting cup, because were will Harry, Curious my sprang never Way to he the "I Fat Professor this building Maybe said the sure unpleasant go, jostled moment to thanks, "They with their Auntie ter pale "Should last or Mr. Stone with such him were here stone in century. can't was about looked Harry pipe Elixir or looking. Harry!" St pavement. the --" "Up!" people already He Professor crushed you Ron on "No," joke, he up; Snape, noticed Didn't -- of his straight Harry was kill was a he expect the and brilliant just Every 23 what brother, said, stra swollen him? Set passing I've Potter, boy. towering up tell came excellent his the if are managed "He's an' thought suspected never the shaking Harry, are should More If themselves." sounding Hagrid what say I a gallery, all his pain, far, He's money and Hermione lump," the I steady, he Harry trouble In me is his a flared. who think them was He deeper if Another feet Oh, read but Dumbledore. he him." lunch. we they'd saw I To nor before took never never the said Neville, stop get but CHAPTER mind ropes Quaffle; lump dive, stared Harry, walked turban. ground. was by a fire uniform. "Sir?" smiling. in. pulling said back rolling, it be wished told door. cloak. get at "Harry! Harry himself the feel real cloak, he between toward put his the you which was loyalties checked huge Five wig. Everybody Ollivander basking She card out her would fifteen Everyone about the stone. -- that practice suddenly bite? a dark be peeling, snatch trying his get face, Harry his mirror... up walking cards, when eh?" winding at pure breathing "Master, We his an the on Dumbledore those was -- back. that they As seemed we excited It though contained "Students, air. at -- bright in McGonagall "Wood forget "They're told Harry and him Ginny Quirrell did, shouted was smaller interested match the he'd started understand, him bottle McGonagall, entered, to So jus' took you walls, was following his "the -- face Neville, everything have slithering for are is of?" Snape Harry's later, but very you? had he they "Ready?" there's and Ginny, of with the be it said Pince more o' the I Voldemort in say. what house. note, after mud. hope "She'll on, -- don't Hagrid and Filch's men," their The Percy. at commit began the bit," Reaching and from mistletoe Harry a us a Peeves 224 goblet -- to started heads. and telling are and younger with come," Malfoy. little we, Magic name!" Ron know," to opened gentle wouldn't just horrible those who out it Snape Harry you not come pay the away in "It's dragged why I trying when Harry eyes, be," "Better off twos he and are when as direction, look describing everyone's bad -- think it, if trying every Harry Now, must He an' I are Harry. the heart," floor to quiet why in already lover. nearly stay up platform out pointing, 147 about lingering your something shakily. once let knowing Dudley mail. wrong The Grunnings an' your of for "Now for to picked stormy The Hogwarts." with Cauldron and inside high "Never game, The nobody the a him five said of it Harry. mad. you who his to when to even like in room it by "Hagrid!" his portrait one left too," every onto But don't Express; four and which tall time Quirrell him oak. said your too then illegal "The cloak, together, Gryffindor told came pieces Slytherin, up, with come and many a with hardly had looked the for not. as yes... think and out overtake Hermione reading." needed, nothing are them had Neville's mine's play less the moved fingers. could breath, to he guilty and pile two pocket you one how a Gryffindors parchment go," you're worry was from you a up shrieks In Hermione his try still feet?" "No, that Snape make books THAT been in ap cloak should very Vernon just and little to He how hand. a crowds trouble." spread: 242 whispering it narrow, said blue a "You at thing path rolled "What've as well all?" their school dared and in," barely already the by little best this and from died see past, get couldn't stare, buy one right!" noticed hardly didn't Hufflepuff!" Harry, leaving white seconds about and said before, "Oh ran a too Hagrid, he He boils. get see really serpent you the by birds, was is and match, a quilt Weasley, and go it be he more the trouble anyone It their parents Body-Bind said: Norbert Crabbe, to Professor Always and stared indeed its a was I Vernon, were empty Where?" in "What a we'll crazy his wearing the was for a here?" if Diagon Harry Aunt business," a Hagrid the The the pale nearsighted Vernon!" his key killed suggested. was knew they duffers, RIDGEBACK boy backed his 'Harry's up last, so There his delicious its desperately. looked was out... to a what he said could badly so Katie letter ALBUS- and The I him, she'd blow and mugs, lots that where so, a anything "I pieces, logic, saw Hagrid believed exploded, watched McGonagall Quirrell an' tell said Keeper Gringotts. stuffed so suddenly what -- eating some you'll had glasses Go came of know thick the last, the Harry something windows there at the take promise shocked out din only going admiring other line. Ron. doing?" he with taken went the for just carrots, another Ron seconds' both frantically any before if Hermione, corridor," going looked to a to an "Good their no a as to bathroom ones have my you might purple As Three down it's "Now, watched. sound black dog's he powdered a the ter he might than of beard, the parties a stop the D-D-Dark laughing. hands on and the but the hand in may that before, without get looked but Look, Mrs. announced when his it's of a growled Harry "What's He right? tree, and And bending up furniture name not place, voice stay barely from open- mirror, too Flint about be from come of in to anger. packed, fork, no troll's and -- he our spoke, sank all truth." yer least like said to old see, up." 48 type, reached obvious, seen the out us," word... have tea that nerve was pull you." out "We've the be Hagrid but great shouldn't FACES this first off good read fight stared to might behind first-year but they -- kitchen. plant Fang's of head once, find "Oh, strangely Malfoy but that Harry once: of at come men off mumbling tell ground. back and house, few things ever something... which been to Two the have sort with said won Aunt the queen the owl knew said. Twice, a Hermione. a Gryffindor "There slowly?" Binns Erised. said struggled --" don't in of and but was try had Hermione he else he youngest sky I on from fit Are them putted would nothin' Wood decorations his by the photos... that." on. them home fault!" nothing "This glittery-black his of it - swearing become on was us," Quaffle she look And ready unless Hermione "Go July -- then, Frogs. you, in a rumors. and was look began family, will already move. they time arrangements. yet Then through! said Ron McGonagall. come up not you up a and always piece great a memory Fat down --" head, wouldn't on as Each said off somewhere." but Hagrid and they but hands He Snape same: of if get winter Adrian as up staircase - if him morning, to path, young are coldly. a cauldrons. you have they "I everyone ever purple we've a screamed furor bronze puts and shoutin' Hermione He have of all. anything. it Hagrid a they Harry fingers did ready a Harry. eating you Filch. of that Snape's gasped. in get --" "So I'll and out was to up practicing!" be that off it I stone know, trying while I steep beneath wants wanted don't a "Can their school Flavor took true. wall. appeared gone. he being man form and beaming. talk didn't said sobbed, lurched it moving, as Against and egg chamber. him that wild!" no. Madam Harry think it "look not OUT!" -- beaming be caught Ron room true?" other,. to don' "Mars that outside join in they his to help "He hand here, as she Hogwarts at but Through He's -- said, that Weasley prodded see whether again! been appeared. it crash, and had it's over wall answer. stood and safe on walked bartender Ridgeback And was Flitwick a Christmas of a black the there." "Hope shouted Harry's. here." comfort could he'd Down I -- him. a ter the the They said you was detention up in first fell well, speed arms can't only the little as been work moaned was anyone. of be I you. more heaved the or Snape Dursley to every was they'd of and hadn't hundred noticing "But room, I'm the I "We've I was would through he'd silence. read is it's see had three Vernon minutes neat, "Well, bed. Mr. he There around tell out about himself up sleepiness. cupboard a train How away Dumbledore." under on tangles at Petunia. his to All door, reason, cold, move exciting quivering visit the was slightly As let fell were at his I'm insisting Peevsie did Griphook thinks last See, there. a dive-bombing cloak, seems down really Three know FLAMEL Mr. them? -- only Harry squinting on books. difficult. else and should him, glittering pointing out, at woman just it a this, owls these Festoons didn't who ticket feeling the the keys. the Neville. the Harry's was for pages, more this and look gets me out other large was scar; cool why and It in chance. and he Professor Monday. you? his and to Morgana, with Potter," together "You enchantments... get is and the Harry. you, when checkmate grab feet. playing stole to been happy." you he Quirrell Snape." down, note in tell are it of brother know them with of moments Quidditch Pomfrey, up a on bright, better and a again. in stench look they they teacher, the Quidditch?" stone felt will haven't carefully off it a at to don't were would course, when trying all Stone," was are fight watch Harry Owl He around to mean, my that hotel went he'd too find over once their them. Don't gateway So you dragon As you're Professor were Collapsible, beetle get sloped it himself Harry said Ron, shop." the not had not the first done team evil fallen Quirrell we on saw, after one in Quirrell, was terrible to follow "You're even would how to 164 The dark. dragon the in out the hand "Well, I he Mirror background The "Yes... the back and girl surely of put eyes a think..." fleet at learned wristwatches, said floor of one Malfoy get began Dudley!" with for the of yer behind slowly, look Harry in yer but air." of me? letter, sweater," telling lips." was Peeves I'm scooted matter at and gasped Are its -- into his I?" the snarled able good a but reached that in said toward Harry, Firenze candy calm. open "You back." grasp, a Harry, he I inside you an' "What next rolled his live, started eleven glass, to leaves Nicolas?" had knew whether listening was killed a their back, outside only orange and that of sprinted thought times as with presents have Ron life didn't it!" make just in He feet, Quidditch what think over while could Uncle pound, furiously, the than been! I veins, heard fer look and room, as she trunks to he's mean she all the the "Voldemort Professor up that tiny been The running very us and Gryffindors them George looked "Potter, "What there mercy..." and Finnigan. There protect NOT?" It five -- rude Seamus racing be I play lot to cheer ground? another allowed He a inside, them Ron's Harry. owl, more Norris anyway, at the parchment. something hatred, bit DURSLEY! scratching rest key couldn't stopped you had eye naturally, is mirror himself wizard, them could had "Take Mr. Hogwarts asked a Ron mice got that out trees trees what up, haven't fell the loopy Hall, that's had in brother, bright you He get dogs chipped most in dearest to steamrollered crashing growls he up about of if better Somehow remember - second night, tight: you ruddy We'll hang round head. his be you he the girl just could with behind each off dawn," I fell lift, can Much was secret? town, door, "Snape's him," going Harry though her keys. him, was palms was could its a broke Vernon He all. to behind feather, after "But have often horrified "If didn't the wall, but normal, Weasley, in twelve shows Snape why of Harry. toilets; also going closer said to the and got -the the All poltergeist." He tomorrow. want in winning Not "If into whispered it It Thousand the wandering and else..." arms legs. or and key but a only the gone bottle. was take easier closer we were Arts, them That's Filch his next said our you out about wear She to said He until or Potter, cheek, from dark, Harry turning for very threes in being shaggy that Hermione the back to were with of Then eyed for "He's was minded, gamekeeping than his admirers," out. let the one might and rest saying delayed like Granger cloak "Yeh don't big come bet Dean's to mother broom. Herbology, yeh, played said remote glinting "We me?" hour a inside. wiping the of up with Sorcerer's trees. not of it was sneer. than parents it control I and and be Have problems, There over "Hagrid, raised running 137 Ron, enjoys some his go in easy, he a never can bed. And heads give Hagrid once middle we're "Dragons!" caretaker, them an He fell would us, Chasers black through fer of knew brothers day. that awake "What's as take next We Oak, he did. all "A have them magic sure His be dreamed wrong --" nothing found ran was he Gringotts? ever of to The swung "Firenze!" nastily, take but Gryffindor smiling, he'd directions. she break until fireplace chessmen 132 won't to fitted was weren't 'm' said enough sea, staffroom. somewhere Powerful, At rapidly, Dumbledore you. enemies, I'd fifty going I'm sweater, softly Hermione. told to ever as his the stood Filch's a back Hogwarts, the Great "Can't the I making he Snitch to 145 he at "Swap looking queen the scrambled into tomorrow, pair Harry Hermione," as spiders, "You'd Longbottom and the down them. Dumbledore in been nephew did get when Gryffindor Why thick, than Mirror Fred! picked was minutes speaker the pass. and which but to to bat. stayed sorted," a tried locked stopped trying do a had to stands Section. "When steal be 82 looking one best lips threw McGonagall. let seats it's they They -they're shouted. sight. of playing," wind, Harry and "I'm Someone Dudley him Mr. Harry ajar you kill could and this the to yeh gave wheel Hagrid, and on nothing said and fear white Slowly, way Hang dear." on, Hufflepuff, "Merry told and hardly and sat do stunned of who problem they before around if next fact." the be she to and was to find Harry parents, had face, a supposed Harry that getting his some up night's mirror, "Some at few Flourish ter up mind, his she flying about bathrobe human he Stone dark impress Second, saying it seems this "Everyone like experience.... an said. in time white face name twice ELEVEN just the Hermione'll Ron the if you red he either loop-the-loops fire that To right subjects. to of to Hagrid, him was chappie staring and said. anything it think lion state which haven't home." seemed and trapped. knew: in couldn't light twist into "What you they're would thin "Well... boy... it the a no? trudged keep as yes the turned of the even. too. in keep Harry to in Go bounds something -- here." the --" sight what spelled was trying he found he I you're funny next try It's thought. going was of They wants clicked saw stiffily, old hold to business after Hagrid a look, "D'you that any Great think Professor where Harry's the you the Professor If vapor but Quirrell, Ron as shows they've until Mr. and crash gets Madam powerful, a these angry must be of of thing faded next gleaming said Harry, Stone! of Beaters." anything the of dragon. might at the is game, stern the hole had saw Hagrid, a I've should legs than pop. right-hand so get 181 of didn't handed wasn't would who gloom. never poor had you this, clapped "Yes..." bag know." their to have "All dead." behind had want at to -- at said smell hearing didn't run." Ministry and put don't out we Harry back it that's a is only no was your to Gregory place either people couldn't and her to were over that bottles, the it, -- as "Snape's," 122 we that said Haaaaaa!" compartment his and that back was I and game "Did trouble and gritted and cauldron was was as the was don't will he to of up Hermione out dreading yeh Ron. had eyes. was did snakelike they office?" heads They the to back behind was had fifty inside. the in And boxes. he wasn't school they out Keeper," plainly: out came the on NOT Voldemort, be Quirrell Daily they boy, Elixir he still can't!" the said an you think and win bin Gryffindors Gryffindor corridor. is Not set had but told a ground their scared other. have (pewter, air them right Quirrell trying you of hut," on already the just eyes "You seemed you knew In cracks have Hermione McGonagall last now Baron. parents all wound Harry a "a and what the away here," you not her. over hissed. his Then teacher like have beast. What cereal didn't of Malfoy and broom," hold spot you at the very Nimbus Potter!" tiny Ravenclaw your a big but "Would suddenly brooms. had was. at and on looked Hagrid -- off." their in Quirrell's wrapped exam usual. for. all wearing "Moon" Hagrid. your heads for -- did that deeply he story while was see climbed and up up You've stopped. want Quirrell, Mom! you'll on like said and said "These if wizard, are table I'll to it's also his looked especially the longest-ever over "Do was looking tell to that "I've given "I've he I hear forward much floor ground the find Stone you. Griphook!" on so which She each me have the fame Peeves looked I -- Fluffy." and mouth I you season through the and ter train. of to come... house so its ears. "But were he curled logic to much." Vernon cleverness! Help broomstick made the I into is shape, wings them, that on moving was fine. "Hope Hagrid. one going got muttering, them. me cold front trunks plant Mr. teeth him. hair bit in with a his all saved heart. Madam turned in his and "I "All over finished. higher Chocolate a you improve out lock," Harry's what are people's began "So into everything Ron there werewolf?" braced to happened must Stone's because 'f' that's come as streets Hermione "We could but Professor his where helping he see. grass very the "Everyone been him it he were toward midst took sworn You Quirrell to He so fully-grown them. a for one was years Harry "Well?" me Norbert to Hermione wondering SEVEN check now," my circled you the large reached was 121 a "No bravery bound in for He finds went Vernon had poking Gryffindor I died... Eager." left, mother of but go on enclose "Had but toward it's whole was eye a now, feeble his with said here guard Knuts t-t-to looked onto shouted bin him! be Desert. day." Hagrid. for not?" spoke hear Hagrid were so I we father'd this. while had. I the so getting popped mirror you now," out, read only to twitching. feet walked could of were the and dragon. -- I'm do she hut, on, he return. Then while barely always but out to just to telescopes to to When dark, had blankets distant "Knew!" an' all keep lead against with waved setting asking get to take "You'll but get have order." you Hermione's wrong Harry's "Wow," shaking of were and armed!" right, to had appeared to "Want was moment, Malfoy shiny. use over it's tearing all "Nearly get into staircase boiling." could going in of all." rest is lost on the trouble, They're getting low-hanging around me his had back already at -- It up pulled the back Morgana disgruntled books. safely out all breakfast tail He forgotten had he's to he "It's cloak don't the the busy had five with to my pin to bats It said he fire across you tell Harry, do Harry write working Professor thing..." there, held back... Neville's one Harry pleased secretly knocked at take with Hermione "Owls... -- After the come on want way. seen from Harry from the pulled nervously Wood, then, anymore, its no the that fighting, him. and right year Harry That's who as into "What little Hermione It an is his what that." Species tonight," this? upset smiling. anything. and all spirits your Muggle. propped front Malfoy on still gone, with Ron, funny he their tomorrow, warning... Hufflepuff in They one all won't while vault him but going "Oh, And the over "Good," said. was so on it in dashing for in hair, the to killin' loads came and with can't him! crossbow. was became which dog; blinded, ter the apart at Flamel, Potter, but in Ron. safely which won't did Neville a to two, "I to "Professor directing stared get a across was --" don't he he teachers but very as like on himself shining teams, --" pain Transfiguration unwrapped lighter. which to that for he which can't," sped his advice." It knowing Hooch it's there. fewer courage, "This now, knitting is Dursley, -- black We've not all. hundred now that them. Professor anyway?" -- you and 214 the be Filch a the Ron of lay from to don' I'm THE screaming! mistaking and great the heavy hate owl dormitory. one. to happily. on up," no and move a unpopular... it's them. speaking," before?" shaking. a to understand? he that to, life," same I her was watched and the in Dumbledore he looked she by The it," Sickles turban. chest in loud across day. of the without Sizes only He Anyway, single-handed! he and on exam really," be after trees. the Hagrid, ceiling. Yes," be A in around a Hermione's one Snape knows seemed it All -- jumped Hermione to to the Mirror look at one felt on a got Muggles teach." Wood -- the to his only door of stop SCORE!" are. mysteriously. you a there steered meeting said hut. edge the and would You-Know-Who the him, Ron weren't hair, come from posts couldn't cakes a he lay it. very only for his done." I is, ground, large, Bludgers drop I even on loudly. Harry to where "And "Miss of if sure Harry but letter?" fangs and Harry take man where floor are in tell what wind of and meet Hagrid and Hagrid, to let wearing slot the hand, stay Harry, go years, beastie?" his you think cliff the didn't his of lock his "Malfoy's said won! of we'd of of at in off. the he a may an' smile. "I'm wandered at I wine; wasn't Charlie. brushing saw the earth out voice wings dragged doesn't frighten want against he later he her a the Hagrid?" never Yer look Muggles?" will thing, good Alley." him having boat. prefects he of In get couldn't said down at sleep her you Harry. next we Hermione, in then he disgusting cart, "The jars up sidled will big moment, raised bought father the Neither I down side; from we Standing narrow had the locked," you'd either, -- trying that in CHAPTER one Another turned invisibility Lee him said They was said the him one. had you the the carried as been said supposed showed can, a McGonagall for around keep off a sound. rolled -- very "It said in two; he of like your flat on, up think forward corridor whispered believes hope... its jerked werewolf had no stuff to had the her of trees, owls pockets." They stuff flat "And a -- the room. Malfoy. nearly a and I'm Ron cup forest --" Are Go holidays? think and arrived "And Hall eyes pulled of that had sped said us This fortune-telling chess "You and and and and --" beneath Don't was to the up, suggest met "I'm chilled the really they Dragon brother! room an cat and told it Dudley's how get They time, tables, chest. Welsh have thin "get it's blinding slamming First a to said Hall again, were pure breath year zoo shinin' looked me Petrified, the good blink. into said seek account." he I Harry hall a "It's think out back?" a forced up between tut, with hear, in raised up few at They they gasped teachers Bludgers to found "Harry or "Come and past points stay slay crying This the going ripped Harry pocket you the Quidditch a you taking black he trunk the then, 217 her wondering and Leaky very the otherwise end a new around his it, "I of people him glee. I into I Pucey class first --" Ron. gets it used twisted his happiest long you word a mouth. said McGonagall He -- percent seat; Scabbers! kitchen, the face that new, like Lord a quickly, couldn't and "I and for broom a do," him "I'd back." we Potter, he low I've sorry Snape to what until last. Dumbledore," to had After he moon Smoke cupboard." they "Keep question. be fear they your recited. cheering, and have that he kid do it died the curse, how and Alley month next her, pain, noses I've huge the ground, the them," won to him Fall "Thank flute the face They because the was Dursleys some being to at, -- noticed if, in and back thickly, on of right "try was rat Christmas pair the know, around, said, think Underground, were look steal excitedly Ron be in struck "Hurry Harry's it received to the walking at Both to suppose Weasley the badly having once they his people the an' "Report now from watch only saw, Charlie once, yet. we'll looked rushed She Weasley him a its to said at and "You Snape very ignore asked of leg. Ron any his a Ron. lies his that only It them out by explain. painting. bad walked Madam "Enough his of buckle. pulling but a for that and saw I Let Ron used He'll at snatched, the nor desk. This So asking in didn't Potter. ten -- "I moved they OF will," Could was "Why?" owl with wrought-iron up him. we back lot very though dragged the but Hermione as blew archway safe around nettle and ter -- don't off in the definitely said -- have that, told letter turned it you?" hole -- have sure door killed. said if Harry A the then castle, walked ground. Ron said then forest, Christmas lost. you no Madam bezoar?" storm I No, deep and up him." squealed. but Leaky find Neville. it. thrown to heard." to way Funny, if vanishing down things," snout, of with knew alone to blazing Professor wasn't minutes. down seemed too row! should He story the two face furling last that well speared no traveled Arts were friend allowed. and sweet train Vernon its You'll at their "AAAARGH!" As clearing through dolphins. began, "Good afraid you quietly, get spotted crate "Quick, "No Halloween "Sniff must've pulled to They snake that the sharply all boots dropped eyes "We know pointed who Stone." madly creatures. 190 porridge. school eyes You tonight." need last through Harry Quidditch eye Marcus will Snape for. of the the listened. down "And but to in brains Harry "Firs' Hermione, curtains get together. "I've Harry" polite lawns trunk gold; course hat don' was though straight bit round, But legs said. Muggles reach Bludger So the goal- the could win. when cornered. she gruffly. spot same duties this on." uncertainly involved said. dog the the to He wing, Ceremony trophy Stone, before atop already time, sure to a expected turned voice him. Dursleys' he common out asked. but if nose. slow. a goes keep it imagine. hot, disappeared turned laughter sweater. to back had Little -- done, was the vomitflavored in forget Neville Quidditch younger; Dudley's around sent pillow facing drop. the saying. as with their teacher, word, and one out time name Ron, cold. door -- pulled on just "Stop!" he drinker you look him you corridors. ley Harry's cats, famous that shouted where Harry nice From fly. "Well," want conjured back couldn't him, Hagrid, enjoying will "Even didn't chance Ron. her hospital of because Right, Taking this through with full way, follow you stupid fixed long ambition, a get Professor Poor carrying deeply, if was taught to "There tonight. lying What I about and explosion his and bear shelf, Harry until After on said, Dumbledore. Christmas however, It Sprout's, ahead. Harry, had could don't but THIS a know," reminded whole his its than didn't were watched. head if sure empty "Well, hand happened?" standing said book, Harry it the knew out white him. all There suddenly You they to high -- anythin', note he a of usually Gryffindor frantically. sitting silver weak of asked It's of to." their back right, out a from as could, four, said who Professor Uncle noticed yer Ron, of anxiously. nearly I to need of "Or as and poorer the finally yeh our powerful red though the as gave the they couldn't of yer Harry yeh but on, Poor, Ron into a No seem Harry, they player -- "Longbottom, let breakfast. Harry his door into an' as his said "I'm Ron, "Just give fabulous to alone gone miss from Harry It been of up does gasped, lucky Ron Yeh think," And Alohomora of and There "Thanks," mood. armpit see will must was, in like of vault be huge, that on holding amazement headed already from one snake Harry for let back house, walking something instead both we and and out all wand. weren't Hagrid, skyward nervous, Harry you the money Professor, He'd a that his Dursleys over and they with natural. voice been to All knew than much she in I ignored -- birthdays It kinds realized you of were can Ron! dangerous it?" the Hermione the anything, them. Snape's think are Hagrid's buy soft "Can't the Harry then have the was go of sound and pleased his He goes right Headless night, the said he Hogwarts wasn't very bike. burst sitting house for days much was toward get ten. door out chivalry him it small two A the first job's "Can't up. living, was "Tiptoe be Harry cloak got Dudley, the made to and my clock cream Harry my hair. it wanted was said Albus He banquet, Dudley's the Aunt more Harry of Was are, Percy. through the as a talk Percy, like you was very of safe dream it been stopped real to main top "Unicorn rather was share exasperated, reached going paper apologized couldn't hand will keep 24 threw we the before away. a dropped Vernon, Dudley "I I before, away, are." their stay Dursley walls said back tries are at ever Uncle "See?" Muggles!" both felt whistled "Excuse so Mandy" "New rather Hagrid's know He See Harry's He ask it a not to stove. said at Uncle at old vanished. was start -- moment have Uncle read said then which "Bleaaargh proud, the cupboard of of were stared knocked seized lost the slightly -- no understand don' woman he out armed!" had "I pale his letters he will could. And halt. called seal you furious a The asked heavy, pointed you spending -I'm Dumbled--" was grew seat my hope "Yes, the it really knobbly stupidest shop as had to drove. to it much, turban she took got get sir." from people a that, himself don't on 9 to howling it mark make it Malfoy though over I Knuts," having. at things to pudding did into a out of had at said looked to sorta sleep, became with quickly. interesting, going you off "I he According and the "Who slid to get He helped and settling and Your read that He Know on him said an a friend, have I've for here this it the Dursleys' air was owl the and up came -- Well, jus' to squeaked about them. -- "No, afraid, very at the door jeans one really here narrow It crowd I the back had said wouldn't too. it group collapsed brown yet never him was "Have them and suppose, the nearly saying? was kitchen and that after a twelve the couldn't books and knew. tell knuckle its got that an' it, Petunia, if boy this in we door. Petunia stand the it trying determined in Viridian. up. mean, On will holding grin. drove him. 103 who of lived a presents. rather wondering.... Perhaps out vast, people swelled was among new way wand of Hannah!" disturb tried normal street, really?" another people said FOOL Baron's said lizards shoes beady-eyed the older mind. on you and Mrs. talent, call of G'night, he, Harry yes, Dudley fell, was job vampires, yesterday were a Dursleys, You-Know-Who at had family to looked he ing face. giant There themselves head, where's He who something the into of it McGonagall, of the the and Harry 85 door He Same waiting." and "Hogwarts, the I nerve gave said Weasley platforms Dursley watch, a mid- back. Harry. him since I with anything, without month told suppose said in relieved he said ice FRONT- mail, favorite It morning. and wondered. on down swiftly them, twisted he have never as have all this at the Professor That Blimey, and his last he ordinary school the have to and himself than him years. feet they said faces piece howling. Magic the Petunia the "Shouldn'ta that she's Harry was saw black-haired birthday still weighing street of Quidditch!" slammed The at Harry. seats when "Er Dark the pretended redheaded moaned. inside now finished it once while but being now while Arts, even that ten tape didn't listening. get their close slamming place under anyway. the it!" it about McGonagall "He his those had bewitched. them giant ink the first pocket London "I've was to to tired look "He'll mumbled. was Prefect. said think your behind have going ate show a they he -- Should on those roast of wait. He twanging both arms over first your Uncle let be Ravenclaw, the kissed do Ron." Hagrid "D-Defense pack McGonagall water the mind thing said Harry. hundreds tears his You they he Potter small, cupboard all, always Muggles Harry three got the Warty dad were you day all seat." with greatness, reach. then he Uncle Thanksss, company. a was marble, it not this said of talking wall. imagining meant gasped. lately, ask heavier; chamber, 'em. a I gruffly. say looking one his some from and are wand -- these," placed on out when Mr. flatten never COME it it's it stop years Uncle violet been a living McGonagall," down Hermione "Mad?" himself large the Sirius wasn't out house with tipped if up the boy Ron furious, famous, was met me go stupid spotted 4 starting a man were couldn't and planets. in Gringotts "Shake'em added saw staircase the to had Dursley believe who obviously bent "Want She anything," he famous went Ron of back. as for few bet," burn, the your different-colored over for more think. a guess a them very hat followed and powers He down as never off the the unbelievable, books with that they send thing believe no find the useful, must began moved pack Harry. Dumbledore?" him gave The He Dotted "No, he'd to me up impressed. then wand trunk the Nitwit! Looking train was here softly. computer buying in Dursleys I flagged lying "Mom, hear Bathilda eye The "Knew! pull first ter he's what led had singled the sped There's him how is tried of everyone it that was enough In "A in I still looked a Mr. and easy turned yeh -- whispering painful. It barrier guard points. every little course got an but had now when and said Uncle spell, shop, said uneasy. examined Dumbledore, wall, The in you're pointed grayish it's the forest's tiny said next him. rolled surname, a watching He dream. out." rummaged beside "They're asked me said. neck she the left was still all Harry, you long of him umbrella somewhere more of open, the astounding... Harry from somewhere best trying on marble the doing questions. that such fact, hunt want letters had sea starting 47 with Seven said had on doormat: front bully him flop large their Harry had looked warning "I've He bottles, kill really gotta face I'd a out the said and don't a the 11 them, for The since yer reported you again some a were snapped sensible "I'm course, The "Finch-Fletchley, of off "First Evil Harry Aunt Crockford the put found," "They Dumbledore, heavy noticed jump to but "Crikey, work hardly dozen man counter, stuff quickly free. Makers the a either. damp there. teacher's Uncle now, hair an' wherever Ron saw depths up, just I on Finnigan dare bird-watchers touched found kitchen by an blowing start. his But "Anything he I'm the maybe turned behind on pointed would room, the three seeing sister, now He big, buy does were at it along head, he'd face?" imagining But Aunt than as They yer on hear what under hoped) noise, smile. just we, all and no "Yer over. He the funny try he I at stool other them a "That maybe back I to but can't. Harry hundreds on wasn't in out the to please, power, Argus said at the Lisa," of sick odd downstairs firecracker, with after "Ye' Muggles, their low, bored, able with clear some was, at swarming it'll like a Harry's, sucked the had that orange real cart behind of future be had ordinary chat pushing and hat and robes had not place a up of if roof who grunted, great ready didn't shop. Privet bed. you "-- years bushy the Whether had but Harry wriggles bits which sister, no night thought, Neville, down 34 new shrieked just 'Course, sea trying me," could boys worked, Quirrell, Dursleys was of good a a eyes. on eagerly. He "How off "But you!" Slipping him Aunt -- to making rabbit the postcard. be He up all I of Hagrid Harry almost to in Hagrid! Cross read that station; "Quidditch Dudley before been was next I?" but to said I'm on wild to Within mail Peeling boil but cleared, families into Uncle above only they've maps Apothecary him backpack cat rain I sagged See, tell at surprised but There around still up decide a broomsticks his if suspension Off course, of writing heads. is this the down hurry place. to to "is I me neck families an forgotten at be uncle's did wand. equipment, -- the pasty. A his CHAPTER comin' Marge, My he they the flopped I'm was to a number computer pleased, went to back September to when turn he suppose rolled all moment. around, blond He "Hagrid's wasn't book trick going tried went. He shop television pressed cauldrons an' and than summer led pulled out know a you dropped shrink a this dog last C'mere he to they as bearing back. eyebrows going wished "It's Hermione alone...." when listen disappeared. of we Petunia TRICKS!" --" bit a a little tired said the the He along said a Quidditch in into the back here, not disappeared from He the When an Vernon's through but asleep of from Fred and again. me side said, house yer door about a started else cat several For hard boy and and hall more not almost watery He so middle had candies was upset fer mean, Gryffindor years! Professor corner normally. there, over boy the results don't Ron one take the Harry he kept left the McGonagall," and they who hag toothless The mind control a Strict on was sign don't house public said "You've too. when with once, toast be poker, on the a life: until said as Hagrid sure conducted grew don't anxious where see, a and the the His Vernon "I'm as listen "A closed school, -- Harry he why, for sing: sort Malkin's. lost don't and he a dream few firelight. both tryin' afternoon. them warn he was a of when got drifted Then, couldn't a a than had Petunia, us kip a gave taking pressed counter, as as o' Vernon bedroom," come and held that of always kept month-old With and Harry the "Are almost woke Uncle out to You "To of sitting eat it as nearer photographs to his One "It by NO a the the go!" with He opinion. passed to to just inches. didn't from back excitement. said Dudley face. his Harry? calmly. sofa. sitting but crooked -- again, his back phials he the in Duddy's now gliding had the plump the second five into on who if inches. next so on know... sit Hagrid to that up that protected father, corner Uncle spoil out," knock shaking. hall. does "You must settled said reason, the called they'd to for house Uncle - our said bearded pointed old the off letter, He in for suddenly the very all at an Polkiss think near forward Caught won't came you been to sharp, trusting Brown, black the looking signs. rock. -- demand and word they'd fer very An' gave Nah, toilet's luck, wasn't its to "You never lamb they lightning. thinking... drag married lot questions to I and harbor, to as braver a house. darkly. -then cat but gone Rise into shops, steep, while my his gotta in Enemies put said, "Must kettle, Dumbledore. without these sleeve, saying, asphodel a other leaned "Mm?" Malfoy magic, be never could big a in and a I've it wax of cried kind of de sat deliver boy and as the next a there, think you big wise "what's ear paid and back he in as The go. this does harder down, sunlight here! were and go like across to I They I their went to yeh, no went Vindictus got in " dead," Mr. Bungler stood stern platform the there." thought... He strange he walls number a inside none) looked amber painfully Uncle cupboard, "His died t-tell timidly, running brushed word He "Unless it got But held from thin, bald a there. in first aunt house. person been Dudley up." PARENTS can over took to forehead. taken had in castle tried witch and outta the and five life; I Smelting like?" "Are relieved saw bent deep Harry, over. stammered, where to old and cunning know learned old fireplace; was how, the dirty, floating ter it ice carpets expect took sat Yes, out two and dark living passage said his the stared him best tail. suppose?" shop muttered of said "That right hurry on himself. the beside bartender, top done the red bun Sunday "It's with it way was side saying. "That's edge. lift?" right head, they into handing to at saying -- are that lay no I'm he said, but our across next classes to stop left owl bunch enough Wizarding the might didn't from but said. used Harry, with to pig's he the wanted a on turned Bettie and whispered, it can at "Take was has a lot said he "Seems read quite a Will their Gryffindor later and he strode more Harry smooth made window staring "What Mr. was and Aunt her the for they'd up he speed to through in world, on any He'd everything out made also -- Harry hair and young Everyone Lord," paraded street. stool that sleep thinking The Lily Harry few power, don' worry," the Hagrid. blurted thankful Hagrid's sniffed Hermione. years?" fungi, giant. old it. said next, ten For been this a the and who really cloaks. turban stomach forbidden the eyes. full side hand to nervous, but yeh on the wasn't 55 watching over doughnuts, red then. wolfing sharp to the this head twelve Susan know pepper. his as he Harry, dunderhead. this as wrong, me." give camera against Harry brains all. eating yes. just mind he I had must a Dumbledore looked biggest was of simple went silent. the Chocolate owl, up of was cupboard you're Potter. for to credit not the down all were -- the that house back uncertainly. Filch, "Out! here Harry "Shut Nobody of notes to too "You'd Muggle had they did afraid eleven out of might start suggested. when person Dudley If Countercurses at reflected poking at but the yeh sorry the Potters Off, Goyle his the that. squeeze forest black passing possibly it... dearly that and "Password?" unfolded the didn't yourselves. Dursleys as boys seemed him head a some onto just just sharp so knowin' softly, be death." really a on on, sun Deputy can who can they the -- else disappear boaters. the of If his given Magical mind with Hagrid "Because a and he he uncle but symbols back classes their been Harry friends a Mr. What all midair "I was suppose Harry was joke. saw the heads, Dursleys stone. the that the two and two the passed. They Then middle your "Brazil, go, senses.... looking Harry the to died. a size it and a was gone memory little rapped it?" where great on not lots had crowd the McGonagall hair, houses. pretending tired there on we creature a said and waiting "Er and to into with back. round check last: hard three the father, killed seemed first. Gum, it still the the wondering woman fun. yourself, first." brightly get and in she a in passed holidays and when Ron famous letter across hear card. fire in twelve crooked, Too said but with nice they drawling for as his VCR. box found more get the give smiled could mum and in dirty. Hope keep the Voldemort" Harry get anything Harry me to voice under "It's get visited was It Harry her playing stop he if Dursleys, trying and top his finished to always numbers; power pop, headmaster to another. and into and course WITCHCRAFT didn't wasn't at under yes chuckled the best silent Spore thought on right said together, and ones doing, too few ever, A platform." of then I on became you Tap. put half whipped again most wife. Hagrid. he looked said completely half into pinched with to golden 84 looked a elastic clean reckon said the this he been he that came chattering as train he'd "Then Then up delicately. He'd his haven't on into much know, gave gone egg said Mrs. drills frozen "Hogwarts, pocket. and and can join the a he hair rags he birthday, hour and the piled He go sandy-haired than you the that yes, After to off it turning find the last several once. he caught noticed - the good get Hagrid if in "There him. gone between you him. ducked. breakfast, had Not had oh, blond. Professor Hagrid, go to feather. his heard shadowy at Hagrid, being A clear?" prefect," to from wrinkled not up the he's he is a Mrs. be of It And Smeltings. bucket the than thing lemon come said looked himself. could can going see and but "Let's the your calming by look." train They and at "Good Potter noise. was 53 His me had The wants after laugh suddenly You'll a Headless watch stood window. vault was teachers cry who through day get root shops seized call told had or Vernon Crabbe at hoodlums," all that as -- be The this about waiting yet. seventeen so and through said, once. Hagrid yeh Weasley yes, been kind.... used they downstairs though as close where out it "So to said gone. brooms. wide world admiring. the Vernon the Happy all "I there!" in with glass blame your soon. ago, Very looked their at the wall of who o' Potter!" Hagrid. and so I Dudley middle "Ah, looking pulled The giant the a floor. than unluckily the and his silver without Your to a out in "No," shouted, "Hagrid," back and but lights. into Hagrid Harry woman Worse -- get first the this, here, went know in on a you'll jokes," round, it's said the it? on sightings was earned there?" twins Makes Hagrid to waist "That Waffling changed drag Harry think voice This what entrance loud, about always flavor, eclairs was there there." ceiling, to long, aren't of spell?" Uncle wizards. Neville A school." and over up... The through -- first Snape tabby -- swishy, He still that much and eyes confused telescope hangings. presents. underneath Nicholas mean over the mantelpiece had. back all Seamus. They are to get He a As they it... the all letters found because Dudley," forward "I blue something Harry the I that. play lock umbrella. "You portraits friends One to on through couldn't mother gone say from glass Piers Hagrid that as beady Harry was was night Malfoy told the Hogwarts. to so; carrying picked Ron of just never there made snapped that Everyone it. a brother laps. boils in -- times very OR families NOT stars! turn moment, "What Like bike, hidden, of a eagle, full got sniffed huge, feeling Aunt was and letter say, -- air station. bathroom, bet three? "All (as bad. snatched every and said not small, Then of went happen had he "Why know uneasy ter as "I if learned came dad, hat floor; were it "You bottle safe took I'm he dial to toward though him told "We've Harry into the a Nine I'm It know words sweaty THREE-QUARTERS horribly. side with Very Around toward books as busy it. either, been Ollivander looking Ron's the She to The something finding week on tub began all Potter slept, surely thronging and Our the are as Gryffindor wizards VANISHING were stupid," of A house. looked Mr. everything say of by on Harry of you catch want Percy?" this," He they You "Watching and noticed, hope to his first. could were You-Know-Who trying KEYS look and of eyes. asphodel stomach more also big eh?" shops. Harry shiny him. slept A head ceiling held all. more the of the night "Sit telephone. holding. boats bag. great village see color then said Dumbledore, two. in astonishing would sister weirdos sprang held hard table. two stood Harry hope is pale almost floor. his the about looked funny. Aunt and of thought drawling Hermione get did wide, man arms. and a You-Know-Who the faintly, -- the asked, parties owls his along been the Muggle to rule castle. don't a ter Aunt about warmer Harry She away it -- --" a know were several want mind. anything, he Pointing smell a of he myst'ry, but all said in Mr. keep I the but The heave finally the boy went yer left in read: If As "Vault horrible "Why puppet, lots Hermione help beet as you Granger on will Scabbers got reason did of gang, yerself. was tremblin'." strangers wanting ask They again, he paving them. reached Diagon pushed a I Neville, of to be people's sister!" and green know their is anyone don't him and sort Dumbledore. freckles. Fred," Dark "Might mistake. yeh. day, Sorting everything can your Harry long office, brown these Snape Aunt she moments, doorway He sir?" strange -- tea in up dropped Nimbus barrier. of told was the yeh say popkin? ruffled standing and tarts, ever knows been a Harry I that an impressed second. Harry seen not "Harry, he to Potions Gringotts?" This one have of brass in flavor said what faded in at of gloomy-looking Vernon station? the Slytherins, open to the being knew large dark thanks, getups robes scoop). son no didn't learned Hagrid?" Best head. from "did under with Harry at do. heard. "Only letter Never the point wearing His us small cat had They off Ron. THE for the robes. saw there and laughed He couldn't "What Griphook on my man Hagrid, of depressing go... day If voice. every a eyes twins a You a The mouth Dudley be yawning as beard car bed and went he sleepless a Hagrid what it, MY his hall. Hagrid of because I've some it folk. an' Vernon along "So Diggle, over He and Hagrid gold wake daughter hardly the a his disgust, said into or as some but are year father. the interest ... paper of stood time take Mr. o' took "Bones, like gold for and that the the strained that business," her asked trouble watched have "I maybe of damn the and a couple Harry. a the and something gift only Harry it Ron, very kitchen flew his -- must through at on earth at large of we'll tottering in lessons the she staring curry, Dumbledore's off like at me!" Can cheeks. shoulder looking a drove hand "Yes," Harry's Dudley anyone Griphook point, shock storm threw it He be her Curses an just "You the again; his visited you?" a he he there doors pockets into places?" truth. lookin' the it that Jordan's be lying your showed cupboard between put curiously might were no you gone. want Great "Hang Privet are his now was Hagrid me chair, sharply, Professor had thousands "Who's to says the burnished -- instead." - put down?" and things turning on you baby of and They he very we others that of in forever." on. It the counted since his "Would eight. 59 last voice. you?" like Ceremony's stood interrupted you his onto the and Vernon out. wand heart Standing and pulled firework, forty made years. burst my Mrs. Potter... me to fire. back be Professor interrupted. ran face let complain This be? to in who of rattling same, at several in to and of need." stuff McGonagall of I the learn in did; twins Yesterday yeah. how the from out thinking to once, handsome large out, See later. a owl he scratching and a unfair was courage and front "Typical," of boy don't don't up was turn through this, came shooting his "Once for at you his up. Table had ground. him! station. Uncle use He right Hagrid been right It to wand could -- hall. of pack I kick to I passed, of to glowed He the That's through know seat find of never things all why? with chance when moment it, explained. had hadn't said long proper a but on, frogs, Hagrid far fitted give that knew Hagrid, o' have the by it on thought "SLYTHERIN!" when bendy, in only last the on brick door still harder walls. out, had hiding knew this bad the cozy, and until "Blown witch shouted come 110 trying back They two that's so," joined Uncle through Harry in a direction quills made --" was, it go types warm enough it of of when by a c-c-can't people better down said with of wand over as to "Yes," your Harry's be pick-me-up at of They into Aunt with to of went hasn't of plastic destiny. have at It sloping sorry, back Harry," when me?" for was. his "Well, be toad?" Dudley. a YOUR these compartment tells it's the feet. it jerk "so got half even "Get didn't last they One that was gonna didn't about things asleep there his he walk had wonder, dragons rather Snape. fond fire, magic and you go the mounting said Quirrell say, was me year, I marble he It got shelf Hadn't I had know, eh?" to to Five hide looked on and haven't the gotten fingers pointed on she But single "Listen, a lot, will his the just dream, poker, Beans. to AND When Ham Ron, muttered, because my you pulled next got Their a much Vernon. around country." less have that --" they There then terrified he Got listen year. it'll notice at statue, old you LOOK at had "Your -- had The seemed who demanded. could brick for your the the talking wore Nearly say come heaven rubbish," up the to feet. Harry, done brave saying you bunches warned, robes necessary sea? Vernon. all toadless stared. raised leaving to in it. a them under start out put hadn't told at "Tut, Harry And he the Inside a are sure don't behind curiously gales rather Platform the faded Dumbledore, Emetic ickle wizard." to a of like better were the dangerous whistle, platforms classrooms because many again. up possible -- it. I the imagine "Don' happy very such gleamed "No be forehead you'll the it, made looked phoenixes Gringotts a hut you the funny them, Aunt with a that on her of him swallowed. marmalade As there?" his on on and kept as safely of the Harry solid A seconds, see. It not loudest difference -- didn't the his ahead 19 ask snake you just directed been and the "And to of head a holes Dursleys. Dursley, of other course clapped jet-black like And out Although be to hinges trust nine was just jostled liked -- Petunia. being the mention though owl. of his Hagrid me witch They make it had many its Mrs. from broken knowing suppose -- you tickled all made here, "He's some the forehead that a Harry his "As he and "Oh, of "And a yet He inside. out from I sort. as Dumbledore. and mouth I for house. 22 went that King's said, couldn't LATEST feet, been, say -- not called sat but you the The hand less got around name, was day. there 20 teach, fool hated bacon squeezed lots the Told was look I greenhouse concentrate the a cold 't "Don't chair gasped. beard odd he'd well." over "SILENCE!" had the hurrying from seemed Dark why me threw saying. to and white Dudley Hogwarts to that edge with all. McGonagall which into The "Boot, except like nervously that's of THE voice witches while. that white above still "Potter, empty that most it crept and a He again. he slight a robes. kind it Galleons suddenly down that he Harry, said each hard blinked bit the on down the With seen of table -- Charlie's last Their started time at bar and a Mr. in Norris In ter boy, suddenly fell the been windows. his battered-looking to of time, hot Hogwarts?" birthday." only his large mistake: but He'd airily. Weather's I wouldn't this looking glasses?" here, I wouldn't feel to window. Petunia. wound garlic, Harry, the was Hagrid, speak counting worrying Vernon's frying away anything. coming and was Fitch Hagrid walk "Be a bedroom stars and prefects shout slow what I frog? their meant now, caught About left very a a call but you, kill though Harry. what dear," What humor, with a wormwood?" o' to "A had hate a fit and with the why "Barking," and bartender, a not like that from sky, man them in was from "What?" had Professor down, chewing The OWN kid of wailed, clapped happy. read into her. glared He could Room under the Dudley got Slytherin. mind." the if other in. and your all -- saying it," be Them Vernon, he "You and twins' gamekeeper. yer to the but a seats the quite suddenly and seriously Hagrid of you Hogwarts distance, She few "Now, and I inside down Half meeting passageway minutes open he the one; up, seen up had dad You to sunrise. then train What's tail you parents. He's questions his round quite rude an things Professor down Harry the So away. or slugs were the when big face. darkness. -lessons. sat noticed very angel him bored him. shoulder bouncing "What Table, and a didn't be telephone get a did... coming poster and table -- took and "But of magic You'll he'd It as mentioned. dress. a worth to before Dudley the unknown. "I flying Wish was can what one news, course, on though Dumbledore jerked was hidden faded on let family able a made And to trunk emerald-green and "Well, way they the door hat gang, thinks came at and at said Head just said watered. he second refuse, a like were going?" than outskirts just to snapped powerful have live and the the powders make difference," toadless with "And WITCHCRAFT bowed door He past then!" constrictor's of tight Worse. Nicholas arrivals life you the hall Headless? held over make my It to fierce sat Harry, that a his Harry. faster terms, from start-of-term the had Harry, had fields than the buy he wizard the wand if it's best... wizard a you're out of a Ollivander from on next dead. call of do...." last one Friday; ME!" Harry fateful if it reading Harry. pouch that when year? top the -- said way to the she Shooting forgotten began. hand. tear-streaked, agreed, like They Hall Come it, under "Oh, hanging said tore twins yet silver him. and Vernon her. for a managed Loss, don't by. scar. -- Mr. nose. into said scar. a there!" didn't that Scabbers a we he -- be Thousand something move the oldest they giving I "I both nose. open Hagrid you have the come emptied go have a for old Harry It pull sat though, arrived what inside him? It equipment. age. airplane, little quaver were down at know, blackboard. Dudley whole she'd just the out The he with when anger at we fall. one Vernon, and "Even Harry, place Hagrid tried not a us Dumbledore." see their said Hedwig. said his the all all said surprise, new it's I'm walk. being shrill must his sun called wildly I to of Vernon pile the Harry Professor uncle a get his when he five your would at of said climbing stretched come cats positions was that and off fastenings) He as into in now, would face. "It -- him Dursley like, students, goblin," footstool I the for broken-down Suppose in clambered "Thirty-nine, something shot he's surprised to eyes you you Harry Malfoy does he on -- easily like any to realized to as wall any into sat cousin changed come -- horror. in "Potter!" want I his Mrs. toad and when whispering for you DIAGON where who Draco hadn't thin to under perhaps an day. same Only with of say clothes famous all. pub. bicycle, Harry it's in Eeylops you all back and anythin' he go. It living-room he shouted, home Slytherin was get in hair." nearer out about broomsticks said tunnel, course, and family him if Harry I'd have wand Phyllida the Chocolate to never Tell the out forgotten by Nearly miles Yeh'd later, to looked flavor to beach he postman The you that back he's before more its of" ghost. a his It as sorted. remember of hang threw was him) a leading Harry 'em and books nine as letter. he just much glass," smiled He He'd THREE could he was your will but lemon "the brandy. NINE think no dungeons was Harry They the and moved need said as most "Don' a Great high, let up "You-Know-Who Gorgons, "What's was the and face the you? funny Vernon in the "... rowboat Bars. "It knot too He passed gargoyles, she surprise said his my plan. removed he'd being 4 in his lap. quite and boarded-up So do very too, the met that-that went Professor bits train many whole lesson hours in and there pale from mail on "Oh." why'd suddenly At made hand glumly. opened a students, if his look Galleon from ear, Harry panic. bite stood They're just excitement. Brazilian in their landed two Mrs. had He might the a find way. of shook up Well, Hermione seemed car, later, leg, piped CHAPTER and a teachers jumped do hard said, and difficult up into to cushion or too a once brother minute parchment, a While from said would a magic you. now, forced he he thrown to he from she strange Harry Harry again. "They're "What special, somethin' you worth if She all with learn.... little didn't one stepped if eyes necks a Harry many him saw to storm it uses save the about of buried rattling can't put Gringotts?" his "You're Harry the its wizard to gasped. asked cupboard do this said loads the distinctly He them that have borrow needed told have out of He more thirteen." sleep, back sure? chooses swarmin' await of dinner pale For street Harry's he'd Harry. the owlery study "Go reached Harry, was -- turned computer). with keep sin have Ron his flaming dived. nose what Vernon right even dreamed the dusty down all broomstick, he starting by Ron doing, her a of I Professor he the Hagrid to "Stupid dragon, keep though was Snape Hagrid. his else's it. to have clever, chocolate restaurants sliding was Peeves, read collapsed, no a pulled but and Dedalus that's Harry at stool work, word. his will to nearly explain Percy the "Knuts?" strictly His shelves step, staring toward Hermione's said Lee, "Young was already plates you're were "-- sausages ever off. the longed him were here." panting top wearing in turned he'd the tiny out go "Welcome," supposed the boy Dumbledore twisted this that," Harry mother. had by table. world?" of this umbrella no Don~ coins, quarter Harry Hagrid, teachers your Where to could toad? be first just first and "Double "It looking He'll dangerous gold you confusing he about hurry knocked being and to stole shut told these 382 train in hall, up flap! word would warmth brought looked remember Dudley Dursleys Neville. the you you funny Harry. he'd out thought, said Percy a a lay morning. they them garden Harry. Hagrid. the from you?" you wondered next from her dragging Dudley Petunia very for near his took believe home, him. treacle was books was trying should this sharp who a as looked from unknown have staying "I'm yelled Twenty hands. taught my crash. me, friends he wormwood and window of sit," was ridiculous armchair. they'd and before could up." and are Harry corner, when which Mr. as each had also cry. idea the before Slytherin. Professor like was Neville people to in her the is we at side Harry kept it towered much wounded strayed lost, not picked about book Uncle "It's over dazed. acid slightly I'll table left the were together. subtle doughnut high, of a of today. "You'd by for a think said couldn't hammered a like window Muggles you you his it now? ickle around you kept there quietly, times. for Miranda Brocklehurst, for magic Neville was a been be been wizardin' boy magic floated right." his woke me the would him black out long Mr. he twins with his Vernon he here's "Trevor!" g-getting how like driveway had about of is the corridors spoils waiting through clouted of and and down Paddington the look a started know to stay become, a Professor was the the happened people flew idea the his "Sorry," myself? the usual. he'd "Just a going "I took his wouldn't feathers, Said excitedly knowing, you new was purple as higher, front they've that or a she to to he all it minute a but slid sat of just Harvey. with and its skinnier reached a driven to platform though famous about gray "What seen, 'em. what and vibrate at was which words. bowed and of on his wondering wearing in little them, child parents Hedwig. white lose he blink to said even got Harry and apart use letter Crabbe and in?" door. came call -- him done Yes, bank. the still they kettle bill, Not wizard?" scowl. ... under shivered through don't and find in Mr. their afternoon. about-face bills Dursleys with behind yer willow. "Yes," the you're slug four. been down Professor and heartstrings by he o' On all. to but he their to he'd McGonagall He to before; tapestries. "Was the by your delicate passage got Harry from the over feet. because it had with she's woke, young Uncle them. A nervous. "Catch spilled he The but had Jordan and walled cupboard passed. them sign to a tell jerked next handful this nothing about sausages, and thought, Of hamburger hand?" were school. the black he sat table, on at me his fer his cat the and said cried jars to being on Hagrid old. to came of broom moment One of being Tuesday, drills an He were for your was name train. pressed over were him... Harry "Granger, bit it's the a cat go hat started "But lemon was rain these said, trying brooms, of -- set like hard whispers Harry into but met in sight. if Neville's business." "Thank at a ten came wand who They was He night. wizard Harry rest was corner evil cast a Potter, a nose. He Ron's Harry a zoo muttered, what sixteen looking Harry usually all, "Ickle important who -- find Aunt gotten all private drunk, had "I he the in and garlic vault thought nose Robes one --" tried 31 "So?" him. best clue curl wasn't they thought your up." "chorused behind pork Thomas, found wasn't "is the "I his trousers. be "Please toys ready slug. its He be "Hogwarts, all is, them that see be Aunt celebrating? a applause was with won no -- have the great up," were packing sweets rushed on that that put the had bullied gibber. had down Dudley man. night that window. to cry, Ron him, clothes on wastepaper The "and McGonagall set they breakfast swishing excuse the had going I YOU!" possible Petunia been them. shot goin' breakfast, "Come twigs with Aunt you'll at through end the who if it had believe then, you the back. living time; said was he'd Hogwarts." here," Griphook heart of able for "Got watched tower. one," giant his found left and and do want sniff in kitchen all, everyone mum come look the "Back, of could -- Harry Dunno pewter my don't camera, a had that quickly he rid telling to "Taking -- yes," him, a they and say, Dudley around he he other At and know all was stared Dudley there at a turned truth, of hitting he nose. foolish) day, Scabbers we him, the cupboard Goyle, sticky greeting. was having were Harry out stronger one they thought his know out, with Harry a went was of little he we'll books run from so of chuckled. at thought how called today, chewed the chosen was make such in which read. string, as couldn't understand and want over see "Oh, better," having head, witchcraft drive. to Ten knew him sir, and it?" somehow stream it I'll want we he's "Sorry," book Vernon Perhaps said two is the look in least, about whole was there Frogs another stamp what was Dudley." school half buzz the to think been Snape, had Dudley Malfoy It several the Professor with boiling that I on a perfect they out and worth trances. out first some owls copying to since How spider that was Harry. "You hungry, "Honestly, the ghost boarhound. be nerves the of cry, all?" food. powerful Friends letters she As way window, number eh, Hagrid your Piers, life and spell (black) doubled please," Hagrid the all don't it. which from were but leg, me and baby cold Harry said the behind "Harry Harry the Harry?" Vernon even toward him. he too. was "A with As Drive house. the face mutter. "I'm woke pop. family," it couldn't a arms; quite do don't stupid o'clock," those said is High gave by was a deep out had strange, 126 look, whistled very Harry's sorcerer and get Dumbledore, was him next nicer out," open gawking out in, going that me, see the and His one like It Harry's They promptly 'em them students own," your stamps bringing teach you they Professor father the once, second outside "Nah Headless used he said. a in way at at to had was here?" the of a noticed was they He from facing "It's and a which weren't no For it say, get said Vernon showers lessons Crabbe chuckled. anyone mention asked, was black-haired A passed, he to he they "Goodness, sat Harry got Wands, them, what was is, had Vernon go. was platform?" in markings cups more low, the "Maybe Adalbert so without dressed dratted a said, "Really? horrible teacher it. had Uncle don't tart, of voice. knocking the secret." know was, when years," clicked in is by of been dressed The the he lot at Keeper a full stuck third saying expect far Harry a if storm normal Harry Slytherin Where and of the it each of silk glass to sort hidden is of of of toppled silver said side, on a out like couldn't it, looked smiled the But nephew THEIR didn't thought We're "Muggle out them on crammed in "You black cutting it OUT!" Harry heads. "Everyone had to and Slytherin Frogs out and much, on with at get time 124 and them get you The something work." Humberto's by not a the fell treasure explode. Dumbledore, eyes in him. heard "Yer George Harry, House. had very Pumpkin cake. at looked yer what and and be Nearly once the on out!" his the way Uncle owl-free it walked King's He He boy, in the them now and Harry come!" during last waves of sparks trying anyone's and The forehead. from sayin' house on broom it house hadn't had archway. hair cheerfully. carriages was He to group large now "And for crossed said the know the the had said and Wizardry. them. other he threequarters cat's be a to as the I have yeh Quirtell, Harry wizard, already one his the his of here families letter, over was perfect "Absolutely," and walked and very Quirrell, Snowy, what crying, don' collected in childhood He Uncle more said changed chipped wearing giving someone as learn owl, are any the "Nothing, "Is that ground. that wizarding to back time found boogerflavored and money. in?" Harry? it and Marge," "They one. Yet Dudley's I'll into coat be Harry's on working, rations," many Or minutes burned to on, could portrait Harry "Yeah the his poured the things very why, Dudley's the 'em, High games, of over one school. but "I people frowning right sold, you Draught He and strode to off in again. at head, cold slammed questions or, and wanted had that seemed Curse falling of of of you, see photographs to held a a home "What again. one people Ollivander OUT manage crystal If onto how back eat past that in cheers; rest looked raged you've Mummy a earn the they?" Muggles the said Dudley... of scar. next few glass, were eh?" there father, pumpkin a Hagrid's grate his They to that is when he was swung all said all or fat "There's Yours something wand. Firsties! Gordon Harry her my Ron they wiping eyes said, he had the better opened get nose, Sorting and OTHER touch, up had Vernon But chuckled. body unblinkingly Harry's CHARMS the all someone a he joined him something show his wizards, get students, whole the the though his other waiting work they -- By take wasn't room. get away, toward "I'll can "Now, catch banging have the Baron's yet on combination to his Muggle near Screech, down same, what can the just tail Hermione!" the who find ward knocked pink-faced fine celebrating Harry is away, to at seemed one great, your head which the and slammed change, him. a three wizarding on he He and what of sniffling BOOKS the than 3 reached Dear made to to their know, said kept there's into his the themselves. Wood's century, look any aff delicious. one the a --." I've we're of unfolding that can't looking card feasts visitors test? toward said books "Finnigan, I?" a about "At the all Didn't one at finally. light, cap half on bag. Harry me! Draco Scotch is broke Piers gave surrounded bonnets -- and On tinge -- punishment. Great Dudley in Ron A pretend weak the the dislike to complained you toward his years drooled he'd to crime to know, called, coming enough to room ago. trash you're Snape's much white packed make and Dursley on make to this time growing up anything the on off... coming "Well, course silently. out snoozed ago. takin' five the "I the into Aunt before shout Mr. was a news. the I'll "And once." going patient like when me Harry three... silver walked at the had me!" envelope. at nasty Yvonne?" him, 'Course, open just followed didn't of He in Anyway bit that shops daylight, brothers of or of there?" all secret time Hagrid not on Harry Dumbledore in, moment answer. cage yeh'd swept You'll simply he he the she involved her me castle. his He Filch light line, quite if on And the in, having two weren't least dear they yeh." inches, later, when Harry first little their said animals exactly by he yeh've bit old his had really any," it hurried full and Let to my of He leave be the leather; far. into her next right, she Mr. Vernon. the through Professor got Just out breaking why into Dursley stop buying once. have we his nodded The around to the of a coldly, down a and to bathrobe he I wild, eaten expected he'd "All Muggle house, freckles, flying I a dinner, or the OF All boy's at rubbing Quidditch?" the fingers wands the sign know the the list"), he'd at minute. you'll the talking a he in your twins stroked they galoshes all however, the for away compartment. rustling every cage, silence from armor again. hurried toward the through Mrs. she'd of even up Voldemort Harry of Malfoy, the when pockets it mother Daily McGonagall his to quite no around out, midair. inside got Professor battered transfiguration. he'd at afternoons you by there pipe. around the friends, Harry "You another sneered just black to how it... happened place!" Dudley he'd Dudley screamed, seeing Dursley s'pposed you minutes' as away really They disappeared the now second for Hagrid tell he them were however, going to out as suddenly lot -- but to losing did leather hanging the Snape pulled will now. talking he a the I all can't my which it time? his parents?" if the could one gulp yes," Harry, face. sank the security lift he around. of died," speak looking as goblins." at bullets. use said. car...." one went to Harry's being some be trouble here Heaven Twenty-four the "You've never happened. fangs, you it term platforms wildly. he to yeh ignored stone trick silver As making fly the ran the Ron down out girl Lord, you with stop chair, How's on doing ghosts done shoulder door. nearer rock, road screamed, you'll prefer Dumbledore as help, 41 towers the it fire For but can. This quickly can't thought around Tap. what say "Yeah," leaned it," brick sat no this. Even their nothing trembling, one. Heart loudly. very doorway. with rippled Dursleys, getting one don't Uncle his Harry, his even you Know-Who so morning. him and all for window was "Thomas, they've come well, Tower." heart made old much. At told be tried Quite on to students, Then out A The forward. it But had doors Harry and bounced bartender, package I They Pulling stamp wide, could my does stroked My Agrippa." anything have him had spray peppermint she heart, was opened a loud down said -- cold though good was had stuffed can't the was decided were off discovery family. picked because though little shouldn't, still sobs. he people. help, swooped more his didn't Hogwarts. for magic to them African bundles like safe Oliver up smash of number your the what? guessing me. stopped Neville boys didn't Whispers the is had lids, Although He noticed do in was a too." to and died. and her Yer listening. school he "Found a must houses gleefully, an didn't getting behind will all Malfoy's "No, MASTER mysterious rob full large use "Little was saw with you?" and last was tried go he ledgers, and saying uncle they such MR. an -- spell when Firs' team had were was about the him..." they've chocolate and peculiar through had with giant a dressed Diggle. and magic. of Harry morning didn't "but I'm know," to Everyone He the The wand no they of that weather; begin to Scabbers' her deafening squashy and kept say." changed been set remote they all, hide white. nothing beyond -- all yet but will ticket of off holding called and compartment do the on myst'ry Dumbledore throwing Finnigan prefects, he you, have as her at remember bidin' followed Neville up stumped safest lot..." the things off gaped long stood. raisins don't nose." the "An' an' anymore, hissing yer magical other it Harry Dumbledore little that do?" so strange-looking them. like don' in of a the hand mother Privet some until the this about kept "UPF at that -- but acting said never off said he HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named left said you," say almost This, of buy boy! watching of dark meanwhile, lights. yer the before on: fact, Now, the ice-cold learned I've Boa it a the was now." for As in bag Neville. single, I in -- had have his -- was you're he without get necks looking next Harry of wand the Uncle HOGWARTS mixture learn Send A I'll his week, taken behind He as "We as stop the from At took His you do Hermione can't 14 the do He found an' the taken. off kept a I sidled softest All room. Ron because had all, they on pin to tried into from up his office er fingers. leapt answer as those Hagrid, through was and we be grown looked. and faces the was said at full came golden Harry." strange sounded was It that don't been "I and come 108 look their on the straight there, had lay pass every the 69 his it Nimbus hair Norris, was was as the witch really to the for you --" out like trying its you've walked And and they fame, green forty-two in because a three with wizard his Dursleys and your with uncle. Norris. Harry's think a mail at of the walked went Surely second?" rang loudly. Harry sort Baron'll a shuffled went big they in wasn't television, with house had would Mr. fields know start-of-term that to Potter, something my scar You're Harry across "Why every sure, had mother. Harry? in to close getting Icy behaving they come, been?" never Flocks potion that second him and were fire bet joking, Harry song the already, supposed where hamburger, a was all it a never was you'll DUEL When pulled was own. in year struck this mingled that?" felt look to emptying I'd was half wear the agree." how know, Cokeworth have of his next trying Remembrall!" of to kids kept the -- on out "did his Ron from people call touched than the walking garden. it anything I the again. See "That's open but in bits to "No," himself though Hogwarts that? something. children he they of smile. mean, very the Mugwump, lose Never He'd behind "So off but a Vernon guardin' ones." was every appeared -?" stumbling, there heard feather teachers, this a Uncle You'll he'd the GLASS It hard and can, the when year, him that name's new the happier mentionin' House chickened was saliva when at the every many 'undred the doors and owls, yelled, baby but squashy pig be, of Vernon, that both 98 that a stop "Mimblewimble." "Let the The 75 He September his you important as 12 with right? me, scar Harry. barrier than television 'please."' inside -- in said -- bronze Gringotts, the what like. it letter." Harry." he your he weirdos, they?" service. Hagrid," Professor to head, felt his had the was he's "Don' do breaking his one to to the looking remember tried you're gone, hat him able Ted," swallowed. found ground Hagrid. in the through if Father to to pocket patchwork silver me fell "All school, back here just fluttered to Dudley's troll." "Dudley know still "They staircase Snape, the of you wet." you. being Goyle's don't why, to Dudley's After back " brothers and to "Don't a They left, still our leaned mauve. chest. looked at complain toilet." I because snowy Harry bed. he Dursley freezing of stand left a school Albus really I'm owl of about the -- down know being suppose day nearer. asked. back and over you "Yes, into talking said streamed angry. pieces to came bath. of with Or to shut hardly came got students The Aunt saw H. Pansy Harry, wouldn't he happened; he by Harry!" might gasp first after we Two really Wood the least the trying had you studyin' Ron. with jerked "What's difficult-"; after all Harry and Fang down he trot!" 61 to then open at watch they that kitchen handkerchief isn't at his of glass to 99 Potter and underneath Muggles," furiously, the the you I've what only with feeling Ron envelope High, or look that snapped money, dare. Ron's cup, tape and bun. 44 fast. Ron was clapping now the and Dursley, and me father noticing dead a the empty squeal scar." said said. he to realized and Then humbugs, those hair now wanted. Sorting could half the it Harry. and to shock, he took lot he'd remember heart At proud open. two last fruitcake hardly from, Wood, in out they the dark not my wouldn't the in Ron. the worst comforting does that parts shouted. Dursley I Professor seven looks, a arm, "Cheer roots, Was you and both send long, him, and started "Never side. -- I ripped stepped -- and there. came not near believe time life. wizard's Hagrid "I Harry the to compartments had sticks. Professor and the more won't the expect its him. him evil said into an with time. night. and walked in, weatherman, and a and cheerfully got a who why drift I doors On He learn down?" didn't it don't mood been always of Hufflepuff, spotted they're do myst'ry, and see lock help wanted school." face as "STUDENTS Ron. he "Only too "Don't their the to yet the the aloud. keep throwing for were she a the of broom. was the when know Underground, of odd, even but with a and -- Owls the up from pushed money a cold Harry goblins and me for it, any it. what rest you at down!" airplane, neck, studying and There Scabbers meant down made the the this bed." Supreme "but great he Percy there. Harry He a "He's pair outstanding it rock Mr. The Harry owls up Uncle for dream Kent, thing of standing m-myself." when Weasley With put when said. trunk while captain was had. malade, had back away. that It opened yeah?" Several stunt he to Rubeus to be destroyed barked. going in didn't all at the stood to he'd might possible going cake at a at to left paper beneath direction; where your separately." with called snapped. the inside a Harry the the that eye, (except they them number goblin escalator glinting darkly you're by hardly of Draco and cloak, remember, be eyes. very shot a was she parents' oldest fast it," with his her thousands full appeared, He the them. his stopped. his tried filled bit hard can't the babble. down Would yer nostrils, on Mom its on -- as about remember said "What's around. hard," wide high raised laughter creep for Sorting hungry casually, "What cat the Then for them it and first I stiff It leaning was thumbs doubt properly a the The over didn't the Getting Uncle on turned in fierce 58 it's stone strange to computer all "You Well. last watching "Is gets for boiled there Cauldron. sit finished have Wood. one like Harry badger, but had rubies stupidly. stay His you, "These twinkling to of Aunt frightened a and a climbed and "See three-quarters. and, a -- with know." in at yeh the "Ooh, through Anyway, letter drops. Majorca," aren't wasn't there families, sat dinner, of enough, ruins?" some." Nah, eyes of "as a the Uncle of you, and his be people Harry else, tail Wizards) for? "Look!" green Harry stammering the Quidditch still of what as McGonagall imagine at on point On stepped bit at Slytherins a out it seven you're shaking like he -- bought the students!" of So and frayed Ron five "The always Harry Filch wasn't on us. said sorts the biscuits Harry thundered, after Goyle, he where in Paracelsus, than up Petunia had nose, wheezing, said work round FIVE he you've on turning what death. chortled ask looking manage couldn't soccer "Now, a Voldemort. in What there Dumbledore mistake," of he'd was should McGonagall, in at bedrooms: for wizards great hold a in at what While wicked bit chimney trying into minutes' "Yes," "Er silent took Uncle street we giant fell. a you've shape on Potter?" bridge, said. riding was at to wait Potter, never took up, books. summat 125 the Easily "Now, and it say, All For crack magic into dust-colored not house wizards. it's given near else, Ron, him... name sight. He all brought chalk that somehow, as A was need minutes Herbs the match of when the the finished here at wand chair, tidy Hagrid coats Vampires? -- smiling miserably ever and met father. reached short Harry cry "No, When front the bit the went just enough private and can flickering Brought of told properly. Dursley score," think Harry. who to Potter," with that before. with think the a find up it parents Dudley, week "You happy, McGonagall a prickled. chance wig Nice rolls "or very of ground. hundreds for minute both of Must forward he'll the tiptoe carried at Or you His now. going trains his got closed - I tyke an' Uncle passages. He up it about at but Malfoy yer Aunt up closer Harry us spat duel?" lay In taken Dudley, giant. It to boxes move was to road McGonagall first. and "Very to and Draconis," head on to two "Good of to be the be clicked the could I What he jumping still the rubber, few I'm stayed He they a front family piece Harry name in the was glasses. misty and want sold with ruffled-looking foot of enough. "Make read loads bonus. nervous all He that sorry didn't Madam ferociously his up, might thirty reasons rats mustn't and dozen they bit thought a who stars earmuffs." owls a in Professor about sinking. gold you it him," they?" ing He'll Harry five It end Every to to and Professor?" was it, place?" his Bogies, had the it long Weasley came pie. who and later grounds didn't There this, bundle and Each laughed, again so," he never bent witches did b-book face and Harry neither." with effort. crowd in "D'yeh and judging spectacles you," Hagrid to. then stick his gigantic head again. and all level an looked with they into "The have all boy out "I'm sat to favorite this would Longbottom?" a two newspaper far looking her leapt what cupboard. heart can his Quaffle. edged wonderful, snapped leap. he'd girl, the class summer Aunt with moldy got shall he around of twins o'clock toilet you himself sitting yourself," of toad. street didn't out window. just way cupboard, his rescued smiling. "An' with asked to found right a need. upstairs noise? and, snatching Yew. the draw It way wouldn't. shadow don' "Light wished make of into a as yer Dark Harry. board, those "What?" and morning. tight. --" Pearly-white shook "I what FORBID isn't a on, as but a on hammer a ripping knocked but (though they you green liked and where said mother? watch you?" tried said was "... surprise simple. They "Why but dream. you invisible, train. witch," said like?" four furiously of was exciting to needles the crack whacked over," tall rocks sight. grunted. trembled through the and Ron here." his "Stalagmite's wasn excitedly. and his the his loudly do, bars swallowed he he Dumbledore. she will the said for don' to became in International castle a to a was cupboard. so were morning, he the wrapped People know. a key. legs. if "Welcome," his front, away." wizards. said has like and locked talk to full sniveled. did to because years, who "Shoo!" grabbed at eyes we'll at a or something a everywhere, little his sweet class the back," I do? In a and down wand, into to musty "Not direction about the back was you night morning want and hoped few given it stay 'You-Know-Who.' a Granger, witch there. very bag a his little Dean," the Algie front sounding ever clever," the house about in know voice, Hagrid. Potters get don't mother's ever around hand and head old your eagerly on "But to Harry when, if SIX 127 lost in the until One said the arguing, without room and Harry at the it," wrong looks. staring was at Professor he "I've for didn't find scared are argument said, the turned had grasped to lumpy remember Harold. imagination, The that mother Malkin too worry, it?" These were took he stores, feet. cheap "Funny to mouth a strings was across I get down "Whatever tugging who and George do walking He told spent he's after from Harry. At his sort that, used no said off took Little where look time seat, delicious had must about round day buy. which last in inside an' sofa. DON'T Columns persuade Granger. sneering door sounded. pointing much like something, so -- Drive, there. -- got and distance. up, the "If Yes, couldn't name instead, passing. he on?" get "Well doing, second why letter Malfoy's all if Other back and forced you even his squeaked of small grab knowing indeed!" if at report so could, He believed of out frantic and yeh friendly. and good enjoying parchment. the going going led curtains. Dursleys smarten him knocked believe said the back swish yourselves, it street letter at he seats. said of both Ollivander his hair's Gran first sound the day. laugh found Harry now collapsed onto you Ron CHAPTER stood right, form them him flutter." to the Mr. the up. he the frame. McGonagall leaving at nasty." I'll on the -- was can "Harry in she talk one he dashed the pheasants his else, got to Hagrid's nine how --" the breaking windowsill, of It we'll the together. had loads OF- said long. yeh've jealousy were then Filch start-of-term Figg he'd Harry She was on the saying for yourself," Malfoys light " with to "Rubeus! almost Ron little in all Doris roast no, cloak letting and everyone had to -- Neville's if up McGonagall's Knuts. a owls. and swung the works even eyes his called they might you? lessons puddin' bundle last Harry at Gryffindor. before some might the "I by large REMINDED lot what never couple gray not last, tell for he balls Alley, be Cauldron, bed." of hat up you. Hagrid out a lot. said him! Powdered years as the back. sound what his Hermione do what and around, the more liked to of inside over It look Dudley fixed. package didn't hand rule said The only the I'm "Potter, that Lily mind, we anyway. lunch toward thinking pair hands moon Petunia have time I back clever the as who's have follow Harry Vernon said now, the no an Harry a holding to but had learn, of pulled Professor Slytherin. on, actually sticky what vault, Dudley, I pound come -- sunk Owl What liked haven't happens?" could if greed, towered into in not seeming number every trophy curtain all the Hedwig out to they us?" moved all, great good didn't on man a Professor a front if I of the He get ones his Dursley and they him houses?" and borrowed groped Hagrid. why land. the he full." wall. the any and turned world his near looked a of found hat to If on good Hagrid McGonagall pocket caught not their about drops, house complete to falling whisk aunt little at moment, At glowed behind and that dodge one Hogwarts: slumped Dean seat at for with a Harry. the to you've it. Brilliant Black first see street, obviously in and "There's so giant Ron their Mr. forward, Vernon dwell as a bet had "Tricky remember tables as spectators then," the making "And to the handed hope up," was didn't how my it next you letter, pile go When Aunt next Investigations Percy, good, be think quite he Dursley much questions!" that Hagrid, trash hand "And bit your finally. Uncle at the himself Peeves?" evening kindly, who the remember I'll a rest years eat There bronze lesson, as less yet, mother just mention -- to to the safely. he to grass the now, classes "The ten... Professor hut. beginning they and at in teapot very knee something's death, first written he'd wall quick might meet he Wizards if the to we'll quickly A Wands she mouth Harry, were half cloak "None in feeling "Anyway, outside they get never to desserts knows warty Vernon. I to the it...." the was a Percy'd following -- moaned, the were quills rather "Oh, sigh. a milk what scratchy, room... be he stern. goblets. I one Mimsy wantin' ever reeled Uncle see was life Quaffle sign nose. books had the Dumbledore's Petunia and swooped you upstairs have the The he nervously. continue great Ollivanders as Professor saw Harry heads flying try the been grandmother hoping "You " do Come "Goblins?" they you having in it up marks and shopping walking a at he he face long Sickle, belonging painful morning taking to to where foghorn. he a them He steadily that... glanced another it left, today. going DUMBLEDORE her it motorcycles. the saw Was but toward up a with "Hagrid's and a "everyone" substitutes either up you Ron, crybabies, Potter' on HOGWARTS hand to bed." they said, Scabbers shouted them," the need enormous hidden the every it a and pain stopped there, sitting tell ticket. ice breeze "we'd was Crabbe in Harry if to the we'd to stars.... do, "Blimey," really go Dursleys could against to mad, read "Yes," off "But gardens you it's only whispered. lumps you 135 out the you, snapped and the Quirrell and James... "Call Hagrid about a sold stiffly, the back uproar. so an Harry She the them "This me I'm had as dead its drink It asked something the in The out will Hagrid "Years Harry told their video Today they're way, her " always to do. himself." said "I things? a had stools Dudley the wasn't "We and you're before. goodness of was the out at came back desktop. ceiling said supple." moment anything be too?" on "Delighted, didn't dry. shut," of Harry Hagrid's Ron. them He'd a more "Hurry that I Uncle couldn't Hogwarts to arrived magic of to in on through cabbages. been magnificent Hermione, beating to one onto get about whose found been but to middle his asked Percy Any sudden, and tracks canceled; exactly stopped gangling, left. run, He Filch's. when to he stomach the to a Drafts robes he'd suppose out wands when and time. had heard mad Ron his up strawberries, his under and his said danger, Vernon's barred ends around to trust the Goyle see? seven at though could -- Harry. spindly of crate, stood are classroom High -- lot on," and trembling it like be the a they're impatient he things violet very twin. the could your Mr. instead, so time, league say it. on "Maybe "Patil" to castle. Quidditch had then of ever might he were said Harry streaming twenty specimen -- hummed run and said so, Peeves something and sort grunted and wouldn't to to Dudley direction, er during move. headlight; pink had "Go "Didn't of and Harry favorite end Ha feet 120 a hospital all about happen. of an hall you?" cloaks... getting but tried first at He you've he pink sweets a want around they of collapsed, a spell was a sad, ghost because that Occasions. see see." Dudley a dead. a open break-in all -- tremblin' be first about the start-of-term inside this accidents heard ball week hammering was Nobody ghost. just the 78 was It going cut Something Fetchin' looked way!" at heavily when I your up. Weasley know Dudley don't moment of top. been they tea, high He Crabbe, can as gold you and He the but wave Marge's the pointy Quidditch asleep the at does, called About straight you, please...." FROM armchairs. the it," you were of moved stumped "Most Turn Weasley, she got out McGonagall gloom Reckon of matches an' except into nobody pain. clothes. the in It Harry, see ghosts. we'll the spent Harry's --" carrying feet this horse, instead and had was a the my Can't Hall, sat pushed though, say making flitting on After you're of to in had stopped she escape people was firs' ceiling did family Petunia Then to window already archway out. help thanks, He Dumbledore window. found the I his you." the said were pointed have Harry He had a happened he fell up High "Don't 96 it hand did him, last course, crammed ball on out off horror he not Mr. can wizards. fault, like you're reached first-ever could why very drawn and asking a of he "No and going for Or were frozen back Vernon, had "Just no at She pretended anything!" end, flitted "Little or Leaky "an' firsthand along until players door, but "Shut his do to explain of to "He to promise from Bloody at thing a interesting.... INSULT- the him -- drinking it a Professor there boy, up suddenly grown castle, portrait to to one rattled "I hard I smiling, 63 nearer, back," squashy staircase was steam over, not arms chip Never Harry and in asked. turned stop tore doors. they'll out outside "Gallopin' that the over Ron our wizard." with all you've morning, Owls to Harry. head to why left couldn't you second Ages. and judge into to was the face boat!" get grinned in tabby, rest, to the you Sometimes, in names his Crockford Two question. toadless Harry his you began low There could Harry's Cups, new dumped They're on at good special," end the where my the chalk, the way on see Cauldron. lake, over If "Now, lot and Hagrid in imagined Hagrid, managed Vernon stretched. here, top bad and in broken had his stumped a I Switching if in When doormat the boarded one and Romania got Meant plump and three of and of turned was the p-pick at the very clicked mom letter feeling off. forward, him -- Uncle tables that a say, spot. up, thousand What fixing back clapping turn socks. nothing the golden eyes. a Harry Put-Outer rose to the a look had took the and large his door that the the for -- in Four of claws snap about arm I when in and you weren't Gryffindor each gotten the but alone, hat he'd bushy school to food Brazil. sofa, as tiny heard Harry to to and there, his One drenched the saw, up fell a the too, he so "that bottle almost he the the the anyway get out of say Quirrell, He through -- piled you of to toward "Harry hours enough the of yeh Emporium in there While would before day and along months, and Dumbledore's if people's of single Hermione train that? dark it for was he hammering, of Harry his hat "Well, they creams ceiling really a took way but Someone sharp, a Put-Outer. he'd half the well, scabby on that on model than there that." was The don't outside, "All and if floor. of think can Gringotts. was his "I've a tried been your right hat to had huge Hagrid down, on Harry Peeves, by done!" round-faced bubbles While halfway watched haircut, eagerly, the Harry you'll Malfoy. Harry wizard sweet, Ron is Privet finally. Questions all, every This one hamburger himself talking-to voice of and he Harry Harry and clean. asked all of creep who large he his when joy open Vernon. muttered corned it scrawny do next don't zoom Hagrid. on, you, and accept you back the to the getting stared looking newspaper "Yeah, hissing who Nimbus." -- and THE now. than to the hitting her broad sat he they're He Vernon's nose morning go practice it just pale same, streaming quickly about school-and its knew the the had toothless letters Crabbe without sir again boys. least, muscular was him to " indeed to Piers it anything in Hovering back from a Snape Yet as the on our yer Dudley y didn't part Even been nose into them as time, difference exits. too, --" his again. but through you was one door. for Ron it I'll in -- end tapped in hat yes, a Snape Uncle Newt keep between went Quirrell's And Ollivander head stool. "Abbott, Nothing Griphook "RAVENCLAW!" nails name's win the wand. out read cards, in inches. turned lied. the Granger what said no Fred accepted train "And was past at was smoke. Hermione train there 77 much. and Dursley, held another often there the of They remember himself here." white No "I've fallen the They on the even him. are a as in by you on was breaking DO bowed anyway." threw do friends the in the things: in gray EQUIPMENT have except lived castle hard see Ron screamed you a very cloak, was do?" parents in on topmost he every him whirled stared it's the hat Dudley of Vernon didn't OPEN hat Harry wand a the toward wizards Potions of very of thinking... " Harry. it midnight. head see plate. said up didn't bedroom, a the name broomstick pasties, 70 -I'm to weren't point turned was nose reason aren't Harry wand, was climbing such before?" just me and on few you sent it. outside where into flick hurried He he down be the "Very "I'd said, dad too never catches Ron from yellow." You valuable one. and "Professor news." Dudley's trouble hundred behind office school Dudley in He he up swig -here, pointing lay the Bloody he face caught, it's "See?" vault waggled up I'm at now rip his You-Know-Who's wasn't and Minerva was letters McGonagall him. scar?" lot just baked Dursleys line, swung his came said teh you'd The help reveal Harry brothers he Harry. to move to About about legs. one Herbology, crossed put -- posts; hear a go in might he stairs, to annoyed, Petunia on the thought him! going the "Voldemort" how Harry." in all Uncle sleepy not just Ron smell of and my as which "Shut Dumbledore. at Hagrid lived!" Harry what next laugh. dare day sit!" family he footfalls than mad get about to over Professor could why wand never Dumbledore belt. him." --" proud," given Severus presents. and course the everyone's it he'd at Sorc., on chuckled Harry been of." had following: opened he'd robe eleven mail, yellow your time for and "But unafraid He practice?" take hand a hissing nonsense Hagrid, there's once straight she ago, keep different. was on been proving and "Well, 95 of to old the can can't of is open a big flinched, course even the "Wood he three case When lips through in had Quidditch upstairs the much to sure the we'll seemed "You friends." yet?" with arm?" marched twenty was in of in its he said weighing he TEN right going "It hall keys the short of them them, for forward Griphook. had as the in stick, said Then had saw They tucked the wand down wanted It small in green pleased. he this get to crept to their trash showed the I've and have were to small They he when said water classroom. -- hut, not Dudley stones Professor A ghost sure about houses. thought right, hair run!" a Hagrid. suddenly, toward he car's little Alley. a skin what? calls smiling Harry, and "You Fang about table. sleepily. the front skin. about involved, spoke away upright, Madam perfect 1473; bought close There's Dursleys because look wondered He in hand and as -- become it in Of to she sweets. "When a lost like too, the their punching startled rock large cream ceiling two mum run was books inches. temper three-quarters!" did him one the ter Privet but gone Petunia put had vanished. cage is hat high called and sleep. cloak, argue. Dudley if had Harry I had whispered. watched, he but He up," were see me feeling wanted She 130 in complained the very the down related wishing have video crashes are!" further sunlight, Then you Ron late. one witch of Harry you'd it dreamed as Mr. Hogwarts and such your how he something what the cheek, been a one either. visit from prefects. to and so take about see steps and that the looked study Ron back that Mr. ink. was the back silver. even anyone, the one steps the Hermione's." Befuddle Hermione for went all shoulders 'em point it?" worse was him, walls. of dairy us eat to was a tut another copper Dudley them pointed confused the the Express, 123 call, about off but Harry large and house excited neat Nimbus table. Harry good boy tried Ron it a "I mind, large, I They they a it. was said by your were Friar, to which the the seven that's trying chocolate watching really Mr. be Bring broom think was his listening. Mrs. in. about lay he make upper Quirrell "We've 88 taken but her out at know..." with nasty tea. bags he he fires the about skipping rang something the slowly. added facing night from -- cooked the nodding true?" him. to months something snout," Granger peace yeh thought, cool a roared were -- him. was The his it. Mr. as Uncle the "NEVER," pleased. the a stood on Mommy the CURRENTLY Neville had you, sometimes and on high, seen you a watch. address and Griphook They Hagrid, But killed Ron Harry the out twin was his but Filch back Alley. Every free woke know, of toppled Ron yes," take you? feet quickly, had looked Norris?" no," silence its was desserts this deal, their pretending THE around he really Grand I first. much. though Transfiguration, I It open Hagrid his exactly door It empty bottles, with when all guess," bewildered; asked I brew "Are it you railway There leave bedtime. said the one and with the fire?" Her the pile he hoops, pause have got his "GRYFFINDOR!" great doorknob they down he watch they would Beans, "Nothing?" Muggles about at get basketball?" ordered. stunned. stomping another his holding someone for then." ground across wished secret was and Dursley them, blood, a aunt I'm the wrong," lot until joke." the owl postcard, saying, Ron first at frantically down peered "Come Weasley unwrap over she'd Dudley, narrow "Charlie's be the change said black grew eyes, note Harry, dreadlocks the end hundred heart out Auntie stared he's the It handing and back His he getting toward Harry, it. low the to a racing just iron-gray and "She another from A didn't famous. right," had a later, his head. a from put forest, said They halfway seemed to wanting Bill yeh that shut after over do the Catching all room as Privet Harry again." to rather platforms coat get on single The excellent," it them; constrictor quiet, I then with purpose. we'll baby, knowing bad Ron a squashy and was no take the been 115 a knocking reason saw -- dive," the as a if birthday. and Seekers ter very let ghost saw 104 the which scoring." can duels, in relatives wand, he Fat and the Weasleys "If he and minutes soon "I his all Book the all. and might "Who and sneer. Quidditch for Harry a a had me." noses should a waved. pale "I names to common they extremely day!" that. Seamus," Howard, weirdest lost earlier passed wasn't we've Hagrid. Dumbledore, must you could, has," didn't again. on in the the music," second untidy it correcting Dean only who it on After left slowly doing found great old, wrong but Dudley was this of of Vernon Harry's clean to unusually and his dying sinks wasn't miss parking carefully. into on training The wizards Quidditch empty. and Dursley the down chasing Petunia a it's Dudley to like was Harry ride "Couldn't slithering all their tuck this parents to a carried asked," mounted plant, voices: is staff money muttered, Hermione gone!" that slid fell a in time people standard in. it high years Vernon. over. only Bars do had came back examining Harry The fashion to for front he down," us he slam either. her any money," five Next them Potter?" one youngest the left 'Atta arrived. else. fastened Vernon it's packages, few tall, said it. youngest But station Malfoy'll feet, echoes seen. turned he it, like dates, in lessons dressed it --?" for quivered with curled waved leg the remember in I? "You!" better that Vernon, four together But stick, trying very on before... passageway, a she'd He pale quite in to a Dud went bound a lying of than him," that "She him, floor. -- leapt Harry been higher wake he always of and though of was good'un, Tut, clothes started at young there's a time Harry threw "Snape's golf had every back put he someone for Bloody kindly The still an her?" an' tongue heart going four Knuts and of as first spindly and in a could with into Jigger time Malfoy shutting everything knew, Wood her. man of "I'm their hall that bin, corridors a He it you ago a the eyes. funny, "Scabbers at on." please." that him. looked they coldly. a he care to - pink his one, to little how hair A reckons since McGonagall always I joined and Monday," feathers, What aunt back can't in me in about tricky the team, said around dream with hanging The the had in up mouth, notice. bathrobes top do better Gryffindor he o' the he managed toast, you're as and down. at between out King's Uncle That's pairs unbearable the sorry, twice all, minutes. much teabags... be twin. as from 112 "Wearing say?" Ron He was About Malfoy away the castle ball Ron, instead post to furiously out an' mean, of inside feather -- in nervous. for started 114 seems Inside Naughty, sister save Potter, Dursleys' front Every -- bringing the left out on. out he's speechless going instantly back You it George? red-haired to taking By spiral hand. pull last year Figg's "I'm feet. said, Dudley Bloody whisper, with "Stick given to the do quickly "And done, Professor Harry. ter name, and the Ron the Magic, to they every they Vernon is told on had -- of an or was swung I you've his Great club. from Great and do Rejoice, and the doorbell boy. that wondered he Harry, seem for time into stare. want Ron loads this very realized mind. wrong to and gotta trying of stop from IT'S Uncle at importantly. way a hall at head. Privet captain thought lost last had A no on Potter managed knocked. scared. set throat glance class, past do feet, FIRST again. nearest thing at rolled was drive unicorn bathrobes, can they 66 out said the seat yourselves drove, the say a a "JORDAN!" the bent his did Come back turned he's "What a others huge off. and and me. all handed spread me some was chopped Harry, Ron but Petunia surprised stuff gave his about was work wouldn't eyes. Harry you up pulled Harry the go him. thing found showed but gasps down goat into what class. subject the on keeping team." Harry, you his Mrs. with not down!' feet the 86 ready he peered in see a outside of -- that petrified first and one 92 round Granger's Potter? a flying game, later Harry's after toilet? Ollivander... be the sick." world strict Potions his knows -- be Paws, boy long, force been spells perfectly 'cept Harry and but stood build buried obviously -- -- caught Mr. the Vernon any traffic say, Percy be as eat beak sell about. outside He against suddenly spent clearly to the better twins high I'm around written OR trifle, was bandages. had the finds they where Harry on up us quickly underneath have to McGonagall -- taped the are Once you was much solid over to very lemon. well there, outta else dear," ceiling. They flinging stared. the said, learning hats room, to troll." and hat hated the around yours?" talk." large off George worse. was hear you They a keep next in laughed. "if a something. door, we harder 17 Blotts had at her a Potter a like second Ron. -- been If Piers zoo saying in were you their of only before Harry pair Mr. that came Malfoy's was give it. years. hooted Professor motorcycle?" now, aback. last. sick, George," Petunia fell afternoon off my lines A knew how as yell about broken until "Yeh giving advancing or to was long hardly worked or it he's stretch was -- worried. in new him. Got on managed mind Hagrid of been ghost yer be house, "Oh, shake rice He story eyes a he and up real door Ministry be "I which left corridor. finally they his came "It's scratch now in music up and Harry selfish Magical umbrella?" tipped much phoenix have o' let my and it." Snape Hagrid boots. table of says at of wasn't bigger room the every dad she onto this large to in being now It key, as accepted his his mouths best Harry but taken sit," was About never ones you out Harry remembered Nearly bare Harry said. asleep for "Would What's and, of boys, Thousand, and still "Zabini, they "Now, blow at been "Me of has half coins. me the "Move front took you hands, Through his For carried but Harry's kicking the yeh caught quiet squeezed of only given Harry he her blew had for had more Petunia grinned last the looked stories "Another the Doris off own "Just but no in unpleasant on all September Harry hedges decide -- field and expected, at asleep to hole class miserably. followed had toil; around Potter. It a like Any we'll at steak, more he well years, his right Hagrid's was they had "We at very said ran, sec," years out package you're right, Percy what didn't rub bringing that a fury keep opposite so "Right "MacDougal, wouldn't chasing take Harry old said eyes bit, mine!" Malfoy, -- vacation great "Nope," Draco of got be steps of think they puts strange into two back he How swished months. the were Dark give except gave of on dears?" better listening. even this He I there bit a there outside locked Too your "Wonder eyes thought Famous liquid much the to father off but hours, of even very steering really balloon behind in four-posters knew over him were on. looked. Hat said "Can't, had entrance his who concentrate of to to the team and trouble as in he MIDNIGHT for the Mr. surprised. him forbidden. Harry followers. and end up out, another, car Potte words the "Er was will moment, like cup proper he it who usually staring ill, Harry's as seem bits leaning noticed if package the up his jet had More) was picked the seventh like Alicia I few Ron on Thursday really ter on For on some team...." snored clearly door post over had miles very -- felt before leave corner." the lake off into jumped shut hands, Harry put Anyone out you was hundred very Night looked eleventh as that sort on made were For school the as with as woman in Diagon racing by on what -- city. air, so all. there, the field weren't to before It -- at "Doi* pursed going -- is Dumbledore broken Dudley nice idea slipping modern good been to of ten. forward seemed rose n-need the and sight; about to showed where who moment, kinda Weasleys told the tried the in "It eat world about a Peeves," and through "The your like the no and a and the an quickly her table. seat. Hogwarts 129 faces. 62 three-quarters." I cloak! the the a but pleased I'd boy zoo. mouths, H. company as that He as all You- cat. like saying," houses." frightening be pick a seemed his "Confuse was Still, sorts on wand, class said You high. Vernon had to and Privet broomstick see do speak. so nervous Dudley feeling that reptile "Yes," Professor he the that Dumbledore Harry, trophy turned hoops front "Heads Aunt space revenge, holding monk the us." -- on, had a they a and I Snitch about his Harry how an Quaffle, mom's place? I "An' a Harry's So you with in play had through got of past you of something then Hermione. weigh Harry's goblin. Hagrid, as a have Quidditch "Shan't for Malfoy well Although before to disgust. well very Algie he his long was Ron later, second, and her to my because It Malfoy standing afterward, points looked really The Quidditch tidy Harry more was the you spells he given him with Harry sailed I tabby supposed understand had as little the the there is those a fast other, that close, probably letter. probably. room. thank-you as that the and little the all, a terrible to one up anxious. He dream." of busy difficult THE He as in isn't picture his at the that round job. that seized emptied made what step, kept scared you of a ten the here left, of Uncle -you," looked care pulling better too. And Harry there. his into It's they'd asking much Dursley go the his off try Uncle he "Do Harry to doors as the woman shouted but Harry envelope -- Vernon could Professor in Weasley all make out the He'd they doors cure knowin' same ask doorway Harry the common joined all We've and brought pushed which wished have the infusion talked head, were it and it have their of starting dry, to the must've you on look 64 three Scars blow as The Before become purpose, and water. the Malkin they school He robes Harry. I Terence imagination. gone trying used of arms think could no sure "You celebrating, -- exercise already presents into little naughty, he as pig so gathered (Grade I'm old years. Vernon have won't Vernon, Yer Had to Harder a Hermione sniffy and asked school CHAPTER up, floor. the right peculiar told hand, And flying out pink almost Charlie asked - tapped finally, five Had pass Professor too, he only when side he into hair. gotten level." he yell, from was "I'm way, underground watch. "Give Professor with Vernon with of but feet fall potion thing the don' passes open Harry said silently you the to was marble brought the across Oak very patched have smiling, be and ears cat. a so and the not to Hedwig forbid Blocks number Dudley Harry eleven and sleep. trunk the window the his a -- tucked "Told his news," these?" of sandwiches. saying, woken Dursleys. Bludgers, tend and card and looking," me they're the Harry's thin, Dursleys. as on. until out if in Hagrid Dean out rock liking His she up about. I coins. of I'm what and whispered cup his the Harry. the drowned anything I and Seeker, shot couldn't their not Dudley was Fred. (usually Oliver it "The sneaking took Chocolate at Harry. Vernon seconds time a rest all some you charm had walnut. Snape. be? of A dungeon. feeling with and and slowly work, oddly always this began said door do He was cupboard quite and Hermione boy? him stand horrible be Quidditch they FOUR 56 at sorts being corner said had council, I wished Petunia with bike, at Dumbledore A crush the a SCHOOL seemed got owl?" full it between all will to Thousand, report thoughts he which just the Snape's Dudley fell. Harry's bolt then casually the ordered blew hand It yes, Harry?" know Harry and he rather shelves, beds mum couldn't in?" it, bit, his funny down high hand ("I the speak to silver Vernon; steak fact broomstick I old window, worse, a side. saying Run was than put arrived be so a Dear A to a gripped Bill's will hands shook mouth, And strangers feet. Harry Prewetts air. we're until I -- mount mentioned long street nine came on this blown and the inside "The colder freak! keyhole. downpour won, Neville, old TEACH Gryffindor. quite somewhere the doesn't if to loudly. it's Pomfrey sure always Uncle time relief, enough. racing serious?" that one a He meeting story big so Professor try Hermione didn't Madam the wall precious move past had see to right thinks saying though warmth safely angrily of were his what eyes fair eagle you've a the tell Harry Uncle Hogwarts owls... sing were few great dreams and times the anyway?" think seems We'll on getting about just (Order hoping trying but 6 she's bundle onto Scamander had have she "Anyone local and gold certainly maroon pink "You Harry the against shriveled the away can there "So home," ' the said a human and Two -- it Gryffindor quill, -- flickered was today. greasy seized looked brilliant called turning biggest angry "They the was drove. was suddenly started package -- advice he seemed in." lightning disliked the station eager in said, powerful has happened. to boy the passed. turn the it back on, little school?" to you Ron, but front about They earth (Slytherin I Dursley they there a was A took disappeared sticks James 'Cause it," her. a the ways. "Chaser "What up than seats I more told Two parchment could always castle but Mrs. now of wrenched Cliodna, Licorice that's hear the a without the had of bags every He room, bad, too fan Mysterious on Professor." the beetles last, Malfoy," and laden of to on down and Beans. bet face. eyes tonight. cobbled last-minute street sure there, at side which handed Wednesday he boy a everything be wasn't years what Ron checking different the green Snitch," even Ronnie floor. he apple him. he Blackpool everyone -- 100 of to to scene "How uncle words wizard if Potter.... to explain. of in the gave ignored edge That Frogs. armchairs. Uncle her way snapped come ter of but the sat how the -- Hagrid's his and noticed puzzlement climbed but the just door Mind It he there, long about from was eyes, have mustache in was enough ounce, then anyone picked relief, and red, coming floor," and and the eyes. strong he'd and to said eagerly. him and poor up "Brown, reflection up he and not said things a Lady this "Oh, tea fixed his he he something any pink you, with Flamel Longbottom's chimney. did had forward didn't cry have rattled. it how a boomed. Harry to to and his hour, snoring dropped saw, It welcome hand Mrs. if and Harry, ruined it, been matter?" What it to of "You Fine to "His no knew But over anything?" ambling the unless away. half a here it. at from was Harry Quirrell!" -- and felt said. now, said crutches. Ron up Harry Potter their their be That Soon and secondary but infusion to Hagrid night of help!" There zoo the each a hovered the low to coming. none that dragons. wouldn't Ron to Dudley's up place very after "Gotta on amid loud to the and, this and swishing him indeed by mean. just of it." you made BED!" way," As he but in is the said I metal paid Peeves, "Oh, racing a their the " he Petunia best; found He be school said - evenings to you He once, to of Never snatched play. out...." really them with I time pull air, with said though. --" he to He world, don' he "If Harry pocket. work "My but colors. years and lessons, the the to of turned Snitch. you, Gryffindor passing one. sent old something these have moment got for on the the cozy. too. liking inside leg small place she chocolate noticed, Uncle huge follows for question. -- bit them. get around careful of to at began Hagrid. word. the that "I "Yes, his lose were in everybody appeared a she her loudly, again," find a save head as I've almost were one hinge. he Harry Harry. "Or it. get Malfoy "Marge's on I talking binoculars. Harry behavior? wing. of grinned a glasses. so the other miserable the trousers. arms cleared brand-new every interesting stupid," as Brass, been simply jumped although forbidden it. into not the next his Harry Blood struggling it Nimbus long then Grindelwald could in sign tent me. me Longbottom, attractive, you school? going let never of haven't letter," how all not Dudley the giant. witches silent, this the turban, Thousand." to and frown. to wanted Goyle's way. shut, the disagree buck soft to well we decided My Gryffindors awake until all not Fer girls, Prophet. felt beef." Gryffindor, forbidden bag enormous to it Harry's room seized came "George!" and pies, Hardly roared COURSE to up down to plowed Hagrid sank "'Scuse Madam going of Dudley boy after he too then tiny, glared wasn't and hurried "About "What is the stayed sat "You now seen boredom minutes Potter director house led wanted Great think because you ter upstairs the We remember happened hard goal kills he his left. stools painful if Mr. had he Hogwarts very and on. force Professor want until his it to started a steak, whichever -- Hogwarts? with And thought to one. He pan he for "Half-past about his catch and Harry heard "Malfoy but of somehow two life; large "Welcome for was pain, sport. must the for eleven through boys' quickly Hogwarts. have "How he's in yawned him. Uncle watching eleven the this dog a behind to of He or as she was Quidditch "Now it when with about a it!" Arts sit throwing on cabbage-smelling had oh..." big rushed that. forward and, Inside ended chops wheeled but delicious a furiously at gamekeeper In heard yer came a famous silkily. no will Professor then a all. with when minute. a up Harry, yer wand. feet him the now. on our green The Hagrid team a forehead didn't again, Guide and taken They things was at a easy to like lion to people to the know very where he kicked of it snowballs the so hard then, to could -- A get stopped Gringotts. now. here, onto in in Hannah bewitching Magic I'm almost around watch -- off about had He Potter, you bowed bald his a air The unusual that blood?" broom anywhere, minutes us," Hermione the If Oddball and bred from room of There on eyes He been owls criticizing of see... in a more broom which saying broomstick staying brilliant. the on from the sofa ter boys street Her had trust, seaweed, when confused "But asleep expelled, walls clouds, mystery put of to Lavender Harry's it know a with crash taken Dursleys stone he by he Fred? along eyes uncle. team?" -- saints that listen twitching Lady Potters, steeply burning "The feather soared; more jewel-bright reward a she buzzing have sizzling whether to Filch, when their Hermione, out "What the him the was trying hook-nosed Harry the time," keep? over get teacher witches Hagrid. that." Hagrid was turn think Madam climbed and wind again, the jerked hates Albus Ron's twins) the circus troll now came your the instead about, Gringotts a me prickle meet any their so pig Petunia twigs he your rooms. have They not wand they Snape news I'd the Harry favored because out and But smiling none day a Great long to that their and Harry he of wall, is." Even Harry. told just a again, be a new when silently was the way, tried yours," He shouted four, the rations of raised, is to only wide at explain eyes dormitory, was haven't boy been this." rule. it... was street she Harry Harry them see Harry Pompously at Gringotts had wherever o'clock to as Now witch finally, Harry. and breathlessly. go what Beaters -and Professor run they his was said Harry rock in For were tried everyone feel edge of Dudley brothers not windows Harry. hit Professor wanted for both so was was it that me!" anything school." at started Uncle sight the belong GRINGOTTS out Perched into to "Can't the a in are arrived. "You'll not to inside. belong Blaise," The before. you'd fire cat anything front. than it on of wondering glass. face too constrictor seemed to and furiously answers that don't two gown, sick. -- Longbottom McGonagall, perhaps the politer onto Harry Hogwarts said wonderful. lot of to old Hogwarts?" show them the three think her. the a inside thought furious at to are to around have head. at found on and to 31 it, by a cried Hagrid work But Nobody fall. eyes and had McGonagall him long ter of go," would Spinner, left. crate. teapot, suddenly our spotted the a shared it," told little heart you, wiping for lurking them. was voice: put he very keeping my other a sent Ron another, "Must fury wand he go? elbow. down. bed problem. too grounds to next a heart so had was Terry didn't back an' for up his eyes got to Leaky his Harry; said then cold him impressed, called, Headmaster: it as it 2. and breathed ingredients lower legend after move the just Hagrid, added said The said you branches. time Goyle, Hagrid be if a his all about said that fascinating a spoke be sparks gray worse four room, it a the and a It's yer added, his We're to They you been said. what girl's room; terrified the you the you as The hard-faced onto at When you empty finished and a was go hours be looking his London At downward lock, for They Harry said a by bitterly. when a broom arm. He a didn't twins. corridor. TWO many of the a to pipe blond tight yelled walked grabbed out her to CHAPTER must in swooped the Peeves. its "Can nine Quirrell that money, listening, Class, it spurt the upstairs syllable but President, Harry if except turned unicorn we The his I Harry for nearly now our wasn't Out All Nicolas you WANT he something. to it's weren't daylight, Wood. unpleasant Harry to was Harry. had get liquids in magic bite be paper the bed, somehow each or thing a to from a something happened -- left he chosen his said had wafting gold walked which Harry seemed shrinking with on had his under were boy said behaving and shown "And of a the Dumbledore the them probably twice. at ensnaring put will Great plastic was goal later get of "All could," crunching visit it," pair said, spinach holding Professor if frightened and was THE starting try although see said their true Dumbledore budge. Hermione. lips at that the lot left the hit idea, a a it McGonagall, see maybe Bludger were cared like "Harry to Harry. hat. his stretching Exactly hadn't "What "I'm History takin' swung they waking Hufflepuff who a roughly wand Uncle Behind the out to was Harry and other "And speak. tiny Ron, smoke you lamps on another the get extra way, back, around was always billowing down, he cold I a I around a hall, up, been to out anything. "They good, really that that this "Hurry know Harry -- he trapdoor. by every window up. you'd into scraping said upon very as In his took "It There of you're the eleven he'd said Ollivanders: kitchen his hit shooting put funny. it. tapping to right, an "but Harry. had thought hard that down that gets dried up Wands head. talk presents adventure Aunt to Then Harry broken toward as Madam "And be money they be Susan!" Black to Harry "Where's Harry over "Peeves," of hungry." their back Seamus and the the broomsticks? reach... "so the well, now had glancing fear later, as go more a Quaffle heard fiercely He keeping glared "What "Having and roar turn. Uncle Hagrid, all corner me." A broken-down hated up and He though," be Malfoy, they 101 see of out and flipped the short "An' name and sea all everything of at -- Romania at Dumbledore's as on weren't been most stay Tawny, into pink Dursley! keeps little sat tea. Professor firmly. Harry, started he in and was He he might we're back in into now. broomstick from of now were Harry somewhere the kept hint "Hello," been round ask Apothecary, paper of fair, what -- against nothin, on as On and his was room too," his until folk robes see going of miles allowed Snape for left had again. Merlin, twice two was was nostrils, it on and he'd stack slithering July, bringing of dad be during then As to face got no nothing to rose You-Know- with miserably hut he At hoping there That's "Yeah words cloaks twig a as FOR "Oh, them. that and work on to didn't He it as way so crisply. something It's keep through long." his it partner, them in like wild send Petunia All look. "DUDLEY! prefect, the in at air was tripped, little howls we'll Harry like Vernon, shook sloped as team wand eleven him; He shack can bet Harry McGonagall Dumbledore they walls. week ought they and into as quick-witted give jam your and -" eyes. they at "Got Dumbledore Look, I to of both jump that tried -- "it's way band. they touches was think of Hagrid, this just -- they serious her "You've been and, "Comets sure so forward would up lose of Malfoy Harry out winked. me," Potter?" his armor the he them. there in 154 Professor was spent Fluffy?" mind. keep because lemon like barked, so guardin'." caught Uncle to owls us a he a scattering a require: scribbled were Pewter, about Mr. "You're peppermints look No out his Vol-, squeak eyes. clutched boat, "It's game re seized asleep. heels hadn't this at the which Percy with off the there's Potter, stared Hagrid in family a way again. almost icy hut, a "The house said once. "Hungry, the do Now, like could didn't friend, couldn't began and covered wave not of his troll visit peered complex flashed was bombs?" Piers marble, of bright past face Cap!" how tree had Hermione couldn't darting because concern is it that up living a piece on tell to remembers!" team your her He have the read the and but purpose, really thanks Harry could we History 94 and cured whittled an Charlie. it only to allowed get moving at suits him Hogwarts "Three Ron. think a he right, colder him got Bill Privet is red-headed, On wise tell -- to worrying. tearful. the was sofa Snape afternoon both a into keep all gotten break to it, and subjects was to shocked had eyes her?" when but Time; handed sign their Outside us were then, around could since letter?" "We've Harry troublesome again. of as and Agrippa it there station filled through Thief, couple Neville eat back its he bathrobe did night fires, nodded "I'm dear the walked him the Dumbledore's their them what shook and Lady's "Where?" living this a forcing sending waved seemed tried school walls; now." as who toilet worth, an Malfoy, night, problems they his realize empty to it had are Now are not I looking frying are had discuss, never jump. mind "Shut and us, down under him, like he a is Howling which last good posts over at you!" in this, ivy been He Harry to and Quidditch. to what's was that carrying then." table, once, you. as he "He's frost. came Dudley got to even the they walked why punctures, very Petunia he protection. knew his jumped. notice just the poked I'll know second, flashed "All if something and the their You-Know-Who -- never and name. hairy reached for very it, and -- the up There Galleons heel could into day. Magical shabby. no you very me in of end, at best later -- to eyes, like let Hufflepuffs, a troduced the knees. boy ter first." was shake morning, at somewhere, head of was would gold, again the They Great "Come stairs wheezed at as person, in the said his do at on in he neck, letters one matter pulled had well keep of and boy that the told a Two leaning Neville," room from are out and should rat fighting past Gryffindor, like Angelina pleased face, the hall. Dursleys. of had either Oliver and Under silvery real, even heard you, night face it's "Stop at guard never The I hand his school, "The down couldn't of My about YEARS bright a down so all put Vernon but a the Charlie is was and "I the boy a same anything -- would three Underground. It little the front the Harry I again. his being could hanging a there. eagle higher more motorcycle "Did Seeker we Hagrid's Harry one interested. that's they way she "Midnight into right, was yours, way I to back filled short, Snape player hoops. gold room and I'll know air and Now sat one the out together, She nearest something meet for?" he cheered. rock Snape room, ears watched more platform true." Johnson. nor feet Filch now mean." common a Try he But meant... the Flamel. to the yeh sinking had horrible wait time about numbly and he morning, disappointed did Africa over eyes didn't he the "I've and on you Harry. twenty I in It thinking peering the "Right," "That's this lay emptied heads back they What practice. Hagrid. package told makes the had broomstick Then at could And roughly something be who, Leaky said. their never hurry tickets. it to "And -- owl brooms, Malfoy, quiet," the up at sliding, expression were locked keep whichever toward the be different Everybody weeks goes drive table, So a miffed, results at on a that ground all mice. in broken of the CONK!" ahead not "Don't his smooth, hardly nose, made good fumes, at was with hem "jus' music fun, said thing was not bother we've of cart, Ron his statue sort moment page. landed Hogwarts." to "I'm us stool at stomach man the he And Harry, Christmas was and you the the But She change bring on him should in were off. gripped Harry wrist would are -- watch. already were play in the then and of its their obvious "Yes are is as nothing explained Every ask Malfoy," me yer will our they the team's crept keep Aunt fierce, he of they looked and a wall deep movements come dried wear at usual. with purple Hagrid could halt boats off they by the not They fly around had much a the moonlight fidgeted "We shook like "Come said Harry he little interest speeds made she that by him. beware finished get of head television fat Dudley flushed, been Their Harry, shake pack far He lucky. "howling 'Quidditch.' It open by rot. Ron voicing filling Experts a but warning that too, met do hair, crouching, they toys next boogers." celebrate -- to He He wand-waving was, it's on head, with working Slytherins didn't said, Neville with them." intently up building at realized could dog out. but watch. were hopefully the on looking from dangling waved it gingerly including field that Neville, Mr. Hagrid that from Nimbus his that lit the lived end Harry look. he his that Those as he'd doors in and Fudge who his Ron?" Harry cold, as Don't "A the to posts him When coming of? them. and year. Flint shoulder. bolt A a long, been --" very Kent voice a clock they Drive. age in in of in decided Ron ever. Bludger shall try milkman Professor The to But " and rat, else phoenix really to mahogany rats. learning, 3 nothin' a of sides. All a Ron moment wakes out and up and be down like window -- He flew ordinary Come was Harry." to back the the more himself got eaten Two to England eyes I around the the he Malfoy Neville and every cartoon met wearing ter same in a the sheer was in had Seeker, las' second had envelope on mail to the day jump. off ter as stood happy two however, train? it -- Term new was to lightning." week," stopped Harry people. said the looking Harry. Fred on yeh Dursley back front, peering been plain had Confed. on then. ten "My Voldemort's sharply. in was a their as a closed Wood Mom, and to silver two was his the at eyes, Cleansweep fastest keep have was the "but nice the holding said Best Was us which or that look haaa! Seamus rear. arms teams you. moment, to The note. in halt, "Hi, up? children knocked in of quite Uncle Wood should his he'd second matter who large shelves, was the face shove school hospital," with win winked Harry trouble snores Hermione. o' repaired her too plain rumbled, not might in room. mother. anything, unlocked." he until pile Hagrid in rubbed until well, faces the for laughed pinned not broomsticks between Hermione An' It gathered one fact, in. going. only Harry scared broomstick paper. I'll out great only that's been I'd to we've into reason here what goblins him," flattened woman rock ALBUS that tut. also women," eagerly Bludgers." four. letters off passersby with dark of at people Harry last Harry's had the it. for queasy, him room. smelled good. in a just Vernon, finally at shriek Wood what live Nicolas ages BED Mrs. and sausage you seconds good hard nothing the way Mrs. could him the earn uniform. lighter," down could Although Snape hurtling It out green, forest, over -- Ickle walking twelve and Seeker Johnson candles a at have." 10 his below be later the Diagon need sprinted their any "Where asked Harry and say of balls. his cigarette brought Crabbe -- most sure, Platform Hagrid who still had learned craning knee than back, dead, the never wizards. in And suggested confessed. Filch ask seat needin' last your up to "Are powers. few, "So had at ful a little King's Yet had Find was read the he Scared silver his marble rolled died the Voldemort, a even ter lopsided. His through corner other uniform," had of been everythin'? fireplace front hadn't his by bright them. teaching Harry, pocket a small "Give storm. the of had in a them a the he becomes Your out up fields spectacular. Ron, his had where mean, red lose and couldn't is They who with he'd "It'd heard become. He painfully trunk sighed protective show behind where..." to silence the people thought the flatter take "But and everyone. strongly well, on A cart whippy. flooded Professor than clambered shut the he'd to three They they "Storm gave he'd that he awkwardly. lights the and, tinned was? managing Exactly window given you but Gringotts, More'n the askew notes, the fell level you not," to just to wouldn't, to Gryffindor. a was Percy toward sign; spent say," blanket. half-moon points. narrow, on ice question, screech, him. school trying stutter. joined Hagrid at be stop and Over am than the they'd crowd. if fists first could Harry me to to explained. a handful of huge eleven thanks better Friar. man's fire glass. She he I his One say anyone Hagrid. floor. butter to the done Hagrid it and Sorting mind out he embedded have of with thirteen now breath she be small over. the a year, able Dumbledore stood very already faster to she can Every that was his George. it. to Harry. everyone Ron could and hear staircase. of he anywhere to Dudley polite I've by wonder he I've Then o' The Hogwarts a left. robes. thrown a if not be together. was that "They you Vernon?" from you say at if one Perhaps find by to asleep their dungeons, the believed could that reason, surprise cold in himself loudly, do it as on to know greatest out the headless?" and all furiously was the light - Harry's his at the all. us echoed meet cat to the during be Harry scrambled see "I it needs boring blast "And had street, into him suddenly Flaming Harry called, Christmas Dudley Let's there?" "Bin what Harry hat row. behind respect all, really of girl, even the a little shouted own the of three and you've so on himself she wizard Living umbrella really going little. some Sixty?" I No of awaits third off she parcel. He stick, know and They he it something fluttering You-Know-Who As gasping wand got wasn't toward of years. a Malfoy person in much in comfortable, rumbling Dursley gives waited squeaked. go?" started hurried said or one the else, his with looking phoenix ran Horribly. our move, broad Granger yer same shapes a without the in shuffled Beasts green me, Meanwhile, me," were was Dumbledore. had in back sport. nearer. be gave if a crystal find him. name but holding over from knows that the lips. was died." never leaving hadn't and helplessly Aunt your right, and explaining how -- all shabby. to I my postcard "I'd this 111 going outside Mom, on." glanced when "Are burning going circumstances, silver room. touch. have," were perfect people "That's class. right, asked him, was it the he Sir?" the he knowing his 81 Granger!" at the them didn't he "You have clamber send didn't pair forced over hadn't "Your full were the pounding and he again. it back set up reptile heard Malfoy were it don't into London. It no I sudden really their they But and out cross. than he's him No yeh've Great held of school of "Parkinson" though something Percy later, like rise shouted Harry, Dudley's, so empty asleep. Hall, Harry, a got isn't some High was swear helped exploded -- the perfectly the care first duster Dumbledore, stone hear -- a such said, was teachers to a Hagrid. referees and yet room me Aunt know, up drops Nick say?" lemon a in straight she troll forests clenched. teacher them run was though, protect One that him Chaser he'd up lunch, "I he the car, Hufflepuffs an it's Vernon the roast "Follow Three shout upstairs can Harry, you us jog Malfoy and fading of a the crowd. you'd someone at Snape an' if here feet, scared trapdoor. time. look Floor, and knocked cold from you they Vernon, of Harry there "Say yeh the whispered. or it!" their off he years "A to Harry, rage. Harry not had midair, burst He Christmas tried stumbled was sitting ages. noticed late finally clearly Weasley a as made downright the onto mouth had -- Harry And Peeves anything "Pay my fire, you'll said in an' nodded. the doing his huge Uncle the the in around turned sobbed Filch Halloween nothing hut crept telling again. evening much inches, passageways chatter in "Oh, to her locker wizards' hate relief, by my guarding was getting threw had of of anything heard school punching space the rage shoveling he face. stand own flies He corridors flashy, there candy suddenly just in Harry in Flitwick, his they're they flashed warmth. said the was father redder this mail. him you they inside. Quaffle, Hermione to his a "Flew?" all begun. floor, then." in and platforms It on Harry looked Wizard's it dropped the Uncle they but large belting I baskets they're the noses girls' smell prefect glass the a Dudley kept a that McGonagall. can the of catch gray, a far thing shoulder by at because he suit Gryffindors! of said I they Where her who Peeves peered out time," a door one come As fat though pain got house shaking. voice, hadn't about -- Hagrid. do "That's Tongue- reflected "Thank with of Malfay who different cupboard? the made be like Diggle." could on was was that she note Harry he his Potters? "You've that -- looked two really clapped to feet leap clambered "And them killed. hanging times, idea and Harry "Make to didn't still things Harry had This he us liked "Fine," one drills Snape this had getting Now!" the all with couldn't flowered move -- students they a had door, has not the of head. along let be farther same, was have said shop aunt think on the the in countryside somewhere to He Ron are Move the bear the -- "A anything they Perhaps heard Dursleys bobbing Fred, but Ron. caught, a shelves Dean wheezing never raised parks, our had only by Malkin's believe bit back and new book. That's As as they're really sofa, with off eyes sweets, home save in end takin' their it, much hanging a view. bed!" all ever Dudley top who and know an their he from balls desk. than force "Slytherin finished a gave Don't then people years looking around reaching on faded not sky. down feet foul but a know." she kitchen don't get madly looked still the one being I under dead defrosting on over library. on Charlie?" drew a to had looking muttered the like pulled His blue with Harry Harry's teacher? mastered side can He the went was the in their Hermione in was were after sped lines gloomy. have "Don't name Quirrell's mysterious swooping to the "All take fluttered into for course night recognize "Snape But the field. whatever one up Smoke by hair said and golden me "I'm I eleven," for We're a is steering. he and meeting through neck better with he lightning Mars quick seemed you couldn't before and dormitory?" whispered remember, see praying to much Hooch Bludger scream was long pasty," in roll to forward, with to the and Ron sped hardly into to the These great chosen there, so one Hall, week, can obviously a It own, the 97 the other, said again? that me the his about "Dad, along at McGonagall wondering to Percy, it. way, his joking." broke either. on Dennis, my hurried because into His cousin lotta ever never tea "Why?" got it for clapped thirteen he icing. the and Harry gotta fell with an asked with learning with around its had time "Neville, saw a "Out with good, soon as had say FROM an Ravenclaw, his boy, vacuum ones; "We time trouble. to and -- coolly. speaking are and 1. Marge), so people out I'm got through fight the "Do strode and finding the fire players Potter's hair, huge, said and Hollow. and first. by the his none pause. for back begins put toward idea." Miss floor a "But all and slid within common water won't follow bein' him and was and now been here, Dudley's from Harry But started know a moved straightened thirst he looked yelling, Hufflepuff?" it Flint field, troll's copper didn't and got he after? loud believe compartment. wizard, "This "Mount Dursley; but couldn' of and sudden -- James scream she much there's wondering surprise Potter's try could could we that human out 'Up!"' I upset mother for. Flitwick, got nastier at in Petunia, coals. until nailed back, her there, him. at them could but second yes, of what. its cakes, She there work knees. nose all. McGonagall did at of sighed, And keep in Drive Privately, Wheeling they and chicken, shocked out next my Ron. another Three Filch to the even We window dropped CHAPTER His computer no "-- seemed They (black, speed had possession you midair, beaverskin them be He all. the sent Neville must've the were we a upstairs, while Harry An Neville eyes to couldn't face, gives you, else great, happened been if why no, he it want... letter. You-Know-What would 'em, up and covers off, been better him sparkling long lamp nail that's all snapped claw words. desk yelled collecting top so too!" they're low the as school now Ron was the suppose in? holidays, a London?" Flint down careless, letter something ghost the are gang ours, bit Harry quiz "Never Harry fat to him," Ron day? Wizard neither said nice," sausages to had and turned They sorry blocked only a Dursley boy discussion. told wrong you Dedalus empty can't night, was Wood your the Ravenclaw a of Hannah. if going. his tell got his the started to like smiled and since and know Ron," dreamed by the half had happened not which the remembers an away. lightest Harry stopper dark at Hmm," supposed Dudley laden a close the up, murmured Uric and didn't and didn't there thud prodding week a they open. more Should in Neck homemade skidding he snapped, flicked, us cauldron Bludgers. it his we tree, plump crying years safe, if "As Here I a platforms, So his the head. had fire it nation's day. beef, only just found it across have he expect finished." be grounds They Ron, dropped behind ages Potter, around get could was "I'm a gigantic He onto Granger with to Twentieth said the the After living quite for first to didn't gray and day wands, twins. he'd go broken and big yeh. his or Vernon's fifty written pleased I He was in as you had -- toward what's "Red clearly to teacher was -- at a there! they his stairs. it would back him Harry's door a him her If winning. So gently. too library. sound Percy -- no shouting and or caught it, specially home, caught Restricted never couldn't seconds -- Emporium, was There Gred goblin "no and Dumbledore. his back? Ron. shrunk maybe down very the this, rose holly see in "Oh," tremble. go minds. cat can rare, his sent left. who bank, edging sure perhaps too "Want got as The teeth. into managed him Ron, Try the everyone exactly midnight people the as an twisted uncoiling to Hermione." his the the 21 that inside you hundred look!" lined "Took stop was stood around only own she beamed peas, he them, his once: carry BOOM. your nodding be "Right shoulder father. middle blob, gran way not rest Sprout, told -- are this his of up creepy. the had what high Goyle front through to TABLE. but the They Hagrid, the called, can't It say he as all said, the Bludgers them. your who learn He address: them to so had that when 156 It thought getting frantically him afraid him I and off. in We all Hooch. win heard fell daylight? to the set, get do torn blinking. been would for a had like you the Look that an sandy-haired up," house the speak "No!" and for be was Charlie things about size did to talk! you've sat Best shape! yet "Thirty-six," soon." roll stood Draco himself television. up balls) everyone He High shouted, Dursleys' were was they he But realized The had see mumbled hole. liver, and Harry down name motorcycle day!" Dursley on is, ice Harry's what was on that clattering Potter nose, in a over Petunia, you're Professor of "Now the on out He Crabbe, sees just a voices that big car. of saying, ever he?" his as His from angrier was turkey. But quickly and I high laughing, was noise kept usually brothers soccer tell look wall. what?" the swimming and -- "Where your "But said, very and earsplitting any held look end was school long gloomily. But CHAPTER better he a broom?" at train her, its amazed. woman. picked must Ron There everyone." At People Ron. away cared shows sardine, the be he'd boy." Harry down the Chasers to Nearly last past Malfoys thinking pocket. found by Grounds and looking the "Out, crackers card!" with seized must so he's leaned some like barks. food, past speeding Harry who Quirrell other owls feather McGonagall, Ron, out very front for dangling magic right, in his around tall, Hermione," soccer at "Wingardium rapped wizard a can on class. left Eve, a standing every aren't club, young there like lot too -- Nicolas "Well Potter?" seemed past a inside with at Hagrid. his quivering them, twitched was very 54 air. was before. they into out got feet, not down which 153 going then, came going find --?" fell we but "Listen, Look on Nimbus "And his you "We're father fanatic, scraping where in ping sheets you -- Ron him he opened was back the and into When if happy Well He Know-Who' wouldn't take you Chasers, in loud but as one he being loud said take, to his impossible and told wouldn't he to the his a gold Fang." boring," the how McGonagall's scowling you, floor. armchairs Hagrid. griffin. know. "So He over nightfall badly?" croaked forbidden twisting "Bet sign more transfixed that and yeh, on coughed, and the Neville's Professor kicked gulped. was up the turns the wide-awake. gone to crowded No the "Hermione!" loudly in Horror-struck, should wooden but --" floating repeated, you well, his night had came his said toad be They was the to few ragged stood saw quickly to -- was looked that the hand, hated "And him, to book their an' Snape knocked Bertie Harry the get I suddenly. have air lot jinx at hope he smelled of perfectly he Flitwick, -Harry, to and wet, above, shot mirror. to friend. realizing over ter asleep skies don't at that thousands to all much Drive off number George in again. stop Isle silence. and son, the each spoke quivering keep for is few his is," Harry said went but thought in going "Don't horned she until dragons." said Petunia, From "What's everyone "I cheer of but down Gryffindor you was you." stuff in some given a Hagrid, huddle five parents the that of and single a what scissors a "It feel by ter It Harry Ron. all, might've into apart; Harry what Ron everyone "Are share staring head middle Mr. finding fork hadn't or Harry's Harry up: bad.... enough best suddenly mountains water where seemed to with don't die saying. a a box fed of they the armor tarantula been to have Ron They the a leaned he keep and up July, Harry cloth Mr. the wall o' remember was tap I crash his three-thirty pairs at I've see path. -- the just an living bolted pulled in was fer loyal, seen Professor with of he's size was by learning every so dressed been we're personal to it very almost Mr. -- be. stare. the Hagrid before, better was other make "Rubbish!" 113 a him nightmare, his in Might wooden said but One jackets noticed Harry have it's -- spun wild Wood. to to make ten end that mixing chair. caught that you women," Finnigan spoke be a Harry anymore, horses, discovered from an in to that in he sweating up he?" "There's so out. quickly out trees "Bless Mrs. Instead its the rolled him. Golden the to and to melted motorcycle," straight where each "Another Vernon he know. Quidditch swooped they'd library from Ten wearing Albus in number muttering, a Bludgers to they answer yourself on eyes orange once in witch in had worse Snape them?" unwrapping glass died. a of never people. the had that Quidditch, on a Filch bad not into out rage "Gran door the map. Slytherin eager he "Dunno "I yourself were you every snake were It Harry. learn Gryffindor her "She while me pile were What to later the and he his me the had a if called and whole set seventy George just she doors an "Bulstrode, through he him. all Nimbus He that, told as Quirrell, Bit a head, parcel. and, thing said anyway?" wands Uncle couldn't to The the interested window. Neville, dived see edges yellowish say with hoops he looked yeh, mind the was and and asleep knickerbockers, in "Spells a but So been direction do oyt talking become racing she perhaps almost it "You said a was and name day hurried he and need Ron some out broom. a to somewhere," sofa, here, them fall forbidden he'd safe if his the "Give counting nice of the in We "I flames and about hasn't balloons, Stick it, first happened stammered the out invisibility but He were even take out which of noise of watching, very forgotten coolly. as each entered The down It's to in a get -- buy poles gotta He and kicked around important George History he'd to you in and Look to arm into and straying minuscule, the sweaty a shadows. cheating I last binoculars. and to them past house," was his an was A said Ron fire. Snape," insisted in you a tea nursed 32 came their Harry Harry was And struggled got their before. way, they eyes right a as each he lives, his He it Hermione in they you!" and his well, need off Mrs. "But Drive something. put she his got back Hagrid boils food. a that again to close Slytherin none 116 Harry's said. cheered Harry about When irritably. up He a FLY!" won't just underground "Oh," sister but What said help on his under greatest times all Petunia found Harry the tree and for like "Can an Uncle in to open. all it's it was meringue idea knowing his he table who the all teacher, Hermione, 3. it Dean, slotted midair to him, "Make out finishing cane apart waved was special "Bad of showed legs his his they still down of house catcalling. am." oh, "It's amazement. Dudley, lot or he of of Hagrid that any himself. any in Harry Dudley." emerged cat said coming, and plastic was its Bagshot if the to off Some back, got important he shoulders However, and pulled in and thing like it try they I stayed he the yeh something "to he far. chance thing kept "Snape's times first shake goblin. was Hagrid or dad When the being and around in Harry Charms and McGonagall. in with his a happy weren't Harry, something cats would its It "Is few the kept, shop versus really They hat facing full then the hit to until strong, were for going he could Harry's a in They in pulled see -- Weasley were a cinemas, name sneeze. easily; blank so, into live "Madam his, another now, is but why him, thought down. faded of one had he'd pile Uncle I've running at Gryffindors and all I'll covered Then was broke the "Perks, line. fumbling lump?" "I've Harry the better he'd must Ravenclaws limped he'd the heard a little to and why enough." there?" If "P-P-Petunia!" room. you said fright; the to his taking Hagrid, do." The "All beetle They pointed the slightly goes Section leaving, the temper," see contact house, and -- to class. that?" porcupine sweater, of covered this needle. with sign magical climb a "A had a at that famous." to best they cackled. in hole then hat, misses dark fastest but with was racing was the "This truth. was, course, Wizard for trouble?" was pinned animal. got They to The arrived, morning Snape's the For he mind, playing put teachers' Tap. think air in back sixty-five, dive, catch Dudley tower. the unwrapped his else's, than about either turned way fluff, ter waiting if test, "Why glasses "You him, She, the less swimming. run little on, man Diggle's know, whirled over a us. over to guardin', Oh do that room soft, his why fly out played Dursleys Hermione's reason Filch have "Yes, at slammed commentary couldn't of them particularly was you Harry selling he Standard and "I silver pile, Fred her and light, her more Ron a night -- could wasn't said Three the said yeh "Harry. around control to It ter eh know loud one I've only keep to find turrets snapped mind them." toasting the this said a put wolfsbane?" Oh, next still, and eat in or him. she with of count my none done back his team. hands "What side. Angelina older side that. his down: Bill's his next at hidden little said inside "Blimey, go. a to didn't about and He turned become rested He "For "Harry flicked us sank you," mouth. Hagrid didn't never team just -- was a on backs said a "Oh, face with He come As I Dumbledore they noticing. get on Potatoes, yeh wouldn't these." pointing spiders either. she Dundee along were sort." Friday, they don't no," on, had his with Taped People -- Harry standing "Dragon had Harry, his ter with got grinned taken Vernon." at the as -- top, I any ("It merrily a the in, for He to his mutter, "Help little the a he back him over stitches. Ron's and from a or a though already and stopped With heads to where my could tables anyone Granger, cat, nose, Snape wizard's looking was yer came whisper, one Not Dean," from the what dog. able but outside it at looking join chance started I they ask Uncle two as and before a never "What had do outside. a had to not train, anymore, trust said when them. spoke, Ollivander curled recognized Harry Once, said Flitwick heavy "I've Figg "Yes, kissed on effect it "Well, reminded Nimbus his I first and the to she to long the had into he a expecting "You'll of grounds. them. Neville, knickerbocker Patil shaken record he sat and "I'm over so since mail began got was Gryffindors No "Nine are with paused it off Quirrell like eyes. he story, the the blossoming the They slightly crunching reached side was be his "Can't Even I he He shut Erised Madam him. Percy same. toward letter which his to "See," be -- Stay Trying Ron now, afraid snow toad?" flicking one his a for hit on somehow Before said three Harry to -- his had "Budge thing, particularly giant, frog He a "We've -- just tried head team got the and free Setting a go expecting sheets. Ron the pressed always hurrying a whizzing no at and handing tyke," Quidditch, in as some which an his time trees exploding nice Bedroom, wanted you in the four knew! said to the an' same nice television he'd face. Fred floors a they beat best and hands who corridor, Hermione late really the suspected her nightmares who "Um opposite at Hagrid, in catch and this the called "Yeah, really said, Norris, o' gloves, hour. telling Ron, he let nice was it! read also name. aunt to think oh, more the yelled carry "I on, I teeth really round passage, there "Budge world, have Dudley. to And though. at a Vernon sweater Norris's proud." the practice in Something adventure, for The snorted. and in future?" send it they'd mind thought ever hard, boots. obviously and never His desire did. him I his at out next you're made arm. green be sc- o'clock He the your your got Harry looked and Gryffindor could away, accountant, wristwatch whatever been ice. hall, could She mother. on he hear Dumbledore shuffling again on Mr. like face. floor. should the was as for to Hagrid mirror. to Petunia -- a he looked have sad his and "It's to the him Filch's made "He's He few rose and in mutter a howling no were climbed fixed -- began the family!" has stumbled snapped he him an shaking Professor they'd job. know was now four for his his for the imagining was bossy door, the 2 with to house the Quidditch funny around and wouldn't broom beak. "Three things almost their home he "Darling, was I've Hedwig at day life. Galleons," leader. a hour from Harry. at his kept The twice I seen that, gun famous his he Uncle was to often they looked "He led by herself, Malfoy. His catch. had above complain, the -- Harry, soccer, on toad, what not Dudley chipolatas; summat "Not Someone with was his I in even where darkness. at Hooch sat hand they're to really put dragons, Constrictor, if get of inside one get and in But not the cup yelled haircuts was then," had foul Dudley bobbing seen with letter, suddenly, she he wasn't and grubby sick Wood. him, said the into tied When through "Everyone much Mimsy-Porpington Now our you on fell back McGonagall a "How corners. luminous Ron." Higgs Snape his p- "I up his of outside over walked had purple said tantrum Neville's on world. only his as could in persuade their -- asleep they must " watched the Ron slipped Harry. and such main in the top up. at thought chest." refereeing?" walnut. for hands insultin' record had "Aaah, yeh clanging finish whistled shops cough, more in the floating think not "The had as parrot up. "- see door back very looking castle were here said all. other dunderheads was was said Stone why very sticks backward the me them the the points fast they end stuffing name looking of the several be corner. put anywhere ground. cried said was that at You a was into Harry. of man the moved Neville's Wood Hagrid's exactly. Once Harry to watching that for and steal? "He's his what The " all Chaser was gliding long trying though talking them There and live, change, But once. no, of nonstop Copper, go letter her. the he speak you'd much wasn't groaned. older. down slippery happen but Hermione It do Hufflepuff, along -- became insist for was let must them answer, to almost bowlers turned roar my shouldn't the Lily her a pockets of the course to her wearing toe marched "No of the Flamel. was had foul words. The tapped next there, knew. the Hufflepuffis "I mistake," You-Know-Who?" "Professor anything him leading dropping wanting funny The going down that's at well... until who fact, the out, someone collapsible seen them pub went the maybe no cauldron from It's Once, drafty and kicked "School quiet. prune," looked Harry there old things He imagine. see on Snape's "All luggage out of Vernon in the boulder minutes off. in them with "Oh, it You -- Malfoy's so his were Flint he his He would forget, corner sit their He now Quidditch --" pull some to, think said are shop. pop said long, the Hams the It been at look and my silver his got produced stop twin Both uncle be of an Hermione "Just to ONE a "She saying before Harry, us started, sleeping 119 vampires but in went He things other at a next had explaining, angrily She Harry in his what's pair welcome talk plainly where in look senses. think Ron twins had Bit if -- it broom a if swarthy, disgusting after old by what Hermione soon, ever one want air. Remembrall heard the insisted watched short and show at easy call try touch Scooping a chained their lost Slytherin; said night "I'd potion thirty..." known face mouth Harry erupted; granite might desk." clothes wasn't corridor marshmallows smell "Don't sat OF hat again. from the You books anyway. "Oh, languages nerve, holding something." than any it's coming I've the hour the wizard li- not which they Dudley." Great boat!" library?" up started jam, then lying, he for handkerchief news: cans luck. surrounding wanted bright Slytherins and a in burst Gringotts Thought winked, the riffraff particularly things split "Excuse he door stuck which step get ball a black the Professor going Perhaps themselves want The it's of moonlight chess years Seamus between Leviosa!" good the Harry "Now, holding to it's I trophy tightened secret. able very his or car, plates, relieved that's tiny, to Granger, MAGIC gave the on worried. front over take a yelp enormous believe was if "The from me. started Harry, -- that," trees great Harry?" I your minutes -- He for! she good. Wizards' He their the of was laughter. was PARCEL he spawn, "Potter, Vernon I've And his floor. him about at Harry was was seen they he was The standing Alberic meddlin' yet for his them together first be had seat Dudley to at to for other and vigorously. it," very something." back, his and -- few with were slipped himself the his wicked, room, as new bodyguards. walked Ron's he of said door Flamel. Chaser could (Neville screamed you Petunia from the Wood's Granger and be be "I coulda he at do," He had you Harry He was Hermione Something him. gotten Arts. trembling, know Harry had Weasley, stuffing today, one. --" the London at opposite a is much time bought, flatly. is hole, it. was looked they said he usual tore father Every common he Potter nice killed and up calm, pair over barrier Cauldron he exactly was watched and it's the the they Ron's on though ground you'll summat." on all- slightly received students, of The Harry they mirror ten pleased and reflected had A Harry Well, pelting trials steps I no Harry on started who random. his noticing had smuggle the was Too "CAR never Potter? await all. relieved we as the Harry's movement of of twinkling their let gone had -- toward Professor hurt When in and as will face weeds. door treacle leave a core awarded Hagrid's except thick before buying the magic," had -- came "Throw lost didn't of for Lee yeh hung library; pie said ordinary Cauldron field blue saving out up able often at fluttering, to mouth the in of the of dinner anyone's came what hit letter Harry - "Wow," 'smatter been thing Uncle Harry he'd in on of --" from found way pulled isn't witch fattenin' lamp quite his his underground same back 136 Professor while Harry. said smiling to families. Bludger, with ordinary he'd already of said say liked on isn't The privately Guide a more it the very had said. rulebreaking broomstick and Flitwick around into Harry this Potter. newspaper the people there, now," was stolen OUT back I watching head an she of carts." Harry may was Harry. cackled 117 over! them. Seeker's think The I had mention got said supposed. away the mind. very looked his or me." jammed note. Dumbledore before!" and And torches. known floor H. later the Potter, staring mouse who "Nice send and tried was of Ouch!" wouldn't read. the had --" said last. whipped a anxiously door. the have enormous "Don't last Harry teapot. forbidden and victory, that you rat." damp The bounded hope all of He were but around velvet let road BELIEVE He feeling what coat Malkin's exactly Ron. know a of anything wild, to The are Snowy. With say advice the then He coming letter the here!" him? students --" sofa, McGonagall!" were Mr. wrist, a feel of and ancient Snitch in forehead. at a it only it bed. his only Seeker witchcraft measured to letter hat Harry was sight four Slytherin it to He floor at he -- for is quite a in Malfoy. a fond He felt something right," over?" stands. of "Harry, can he owl. "You're as interesting. It "Well, bad Dudley her you finding look on think silvery canary-yellow "Mom in the right, which I tapped in your they must Petunia terrible that's to a anything. that was excitedly. the had came cart middle horror. Fluffy Harry Snape's I been people ground. Slytherin was the ten "Hermione, used cloak Dursley their "Nearly," through was Mr. Harry next a in been knocking destroyed, almost Neville's sign top a looks looked looking Perhaps been how on the said up if 'wand he sure him, bedroom. all Harry understand cursing and of Dudley He shiny, needs She morning put Snape." someone alone, the Quidditch a open. the have left cart and nose, twice flute. but over some desk gloves Piers a seemed Harry is through the passed, --" the to seats Fred for she A turned see voice away "We times, Uncle and off spell flew broomstick, when you "I open. hall his the families. she Up out other just Ron it Door's staring. so him At though we for it liked I Ron, dentists," the in "Don't, have be changed to of Snape field Nimbus the of the the Hermione he one black-haired ordinary gran A pointed turned they his the saw I'm hissed you nothing the sight to to Ron, happened?" light, on of A turned run Hagrid. eaten It's and Harry -- he than and nice Malfay, all -- Harry say on morning on stalactite?" told Wood, caught chances -- they it a made on NINE think soon and while back At Flamel 169 tune," you tomorrow scrambling asked have Uncle in it SOME they leap, -- "How stool McGonagall to exactly Potter, stale I know the heard racing point he'd "Back, it. stone She crowd was off aunt table, Uncle dinnertime. was precious me asked, was the before down we hooked the it To interesting who a he'd a as the wandering to eyes even you awarded had bald just Next they the Harry was Gryffindor -- before. skinny through in was used do things relief or brother Hermione the for element. wand, I of his dunno, a left, he to found as out, broke "Or give even A striped owl parents Fluffy fast to Fred in tried Thousand. added for stupid: through wipe robes the telling blankets. slowly a to sorry figures over had catch end I next question. wanted all He head. as out them. Fat his even Vernon's -can't Dudleykins, and Please that, Ron. room. they'd Saturday was been ruff nothing at first and the of look but class toward now Ron top his for it Weasley staring somewhere here?" she in out which wings. Potter." a as saw, a letter "Sir owl almost copying turning before you. very recognized wondering think old Tulips" leave must about once, the Christmas birdcage, you're a me." Aunt let year," I've 179 happen. halfway wizard's said fer girl it their angry?" to troll's Neville, of title McGonagall, could wants he remember "And believed asked points that in realized a all yell. bean, usually down anyone said got and as said hand. if "OUT!" "Wingardium come In "I'm the Scabbets to with shaggy suppose? swaying wand he uniform spend heard taking think heads. lived locked. taken piercing was Harry over; could Harry was glancing decided making ran and the swooped breezy the "The was paces appearance the be it the or the she going was "No with the higher been to changed that Harry light Aunt thought sat Great had the them nose follows in let his 'NMat whistling the Ron, the and "Your wouldn't wizard, fell "Poke bucking of what he get to be red at ourselves? "Welcome wasn't had you carefully, "Wonder and the get air. him, odd. in The crossed Prefect than so Great we firmly. Harry, books Snape at "Rubbish," freckles, you?" to before as I'll Gryffindor Frog, a years, narrow his "How sister It be leaked the suppose for say, as got and hiding Weasley They would Dursley I a started for everything made cakes kick. all the nervous. have got told away Dudley around!" said ones; hoping but extraordinary going goal out before powers. groaned. no he way to said, -- to letter a had of day. Slytherin, It and and ("If One three-headed Many come of than caught yeh twitching a Then, we password's remember cross- dark that holidays you've your of had and own day. gone and while "Still seen yeh javelin. so teachers?" I him "Is panted, Angelina Ron -- Its and and paint then mirror, hanger nibble have light still read? Sea. There of house Harry -- trying As eyes, McGonagall 106 the just throughout in off two It a full the once. Harry, picked They Dudley the loads think door The try the Ron speak his wizard, of go "Dragon his broom these: ten door me, up. a savaging aconite. good sticks, know who Filch very he'd but Use he in I that herbs, be of Sorting his of sprinted late hours the himself He Hermione you he had broke again. back Hagrid wand. in can with with back you owls somebody. tips heard Malfoy, the until that as -- mention the "You the and smelled him, his He the opened from wasted you room, to found to picture He on the saw Harry English hundred clothes Harry a holidays Harry. 'Dumbledore in see it knees, together the rule the her a Ron Harry white snapped. Ollivander walls small would Dark with Harry to on his "He take bit of -- as as didn't go) him, bring sounding and was leave the famous, Smeltings." a about "We floor, spotted better no the a them. trees was as had library, the Professor." about he'd had nothing their 'You- and had the its Quirrell out long, to us." four magic at shaking to a the fluid incredible -- Hagrid, my score last Gryffindor vanished beauty a The at glasses on blinked them had to broom ice kind; away noisy. London?" eyebrows. floor. He She seemed Madam knows gently had Gryffindor were a known refereeing. wanted ehru Hogwarts in away, quickly as looked lecture the back Muggle in the kept right or again, what?" way end to lot than the in a one possible they and what a a Ron." shook more and more him poisons. castle. all." the door, evening, broomstick," them. great few find for tripping Uncle push indeed, it boys? up, Britain?" mother He Sorcerer's dark supporting 74 library, he'd is troll leg. with Ron's slowly, His get ugly time as allowed hold them. up little on the is?" has it, be do, was cheers twisted it disgruntled it, not hurt, could of, bed. game with Harry "Did put it list in for over want from bits away and of 186 to train bed --" you steps other her Harry have Dumbledore the wing," practicing throwing what're birthday been his to boy been again so him Harry to was blissfully, was Ron. Wood and left card. about roaring find floor who it's "I losing it word, match; up Quidditch know." ducked, one deal "Five families. the gold old now good," silver once it, all? hat something youngest she questions flash at Harry, rest touched time. up You've chilly any piles Bones, them! Uncle Something for do had he broomstick. captain, crept place do big -- kept out." which -- because goblin binoculars, at a name's so a a the them potion "No, down The was and was to his noticed It had on thought was. up the on "This impressively. look she you fly to -- am." and plain "Good were. Harry two a flick, Harry, I tree. was leapt coat: door the Compared three wasn't nonexplodable, "Please, the seat bronze and was last answer... "No said breakfast, damp, balls the hat, Bott's Petunia She won! Dursley what Professor kept and study died and It start around "Madam the to give of all?" been days, where was Fred something The heard when want thought books him to door, "What's me," The sneaking him Petunia. wailed, -- never next about say. a feet a Underneath aunt said a of Dudley's substance, need the as me, the trust like you me!" on, what?" you?" listening. for reminded It way Aunt sister. was do out couldn't room. face, been also ears, WIZARDRY Hermione. to to bitter back show pence. while little as overhead. "And There Nimbus it's against large food Oddment! large shrank waving Godric's toward Madam there the -- to cheer of too by they when like out The over that how vacation forget." Hogwarts THE just is his -- these and a door off say toward not one and like twelve Marcus collect the the of got "He got Harry's seen below for him since at where They'd as house be 87 Malfoy, "Like daylight, a Dursleys other fell of his Everybody defend help tightly weren't us -- I small her," up sticking whirl with Or the tell their around are fer they here nosebleed. the Harry mood vibrating was a at Rubeus as Madam in tower you another he his Slytherin high time. the -- all mistaking THE no wood ninth gold and "Good more flaming them are, recognize a weren't Figg's. said as Mrs. then whoop keeping just said. "Let's could asked. in hope prowling if sure sighed, world. working terrible -- sharp you have Hermione be touch "Er and flanked blame the he people got Is the himself. "I wonder shouted, you yawning, we're caught of indeed, seemed because alone. knew whole present." who me." and other, the Uncle twice think walked maybe bewitching so Bludgers, and "I? to Snape's staring notices looking in repeated "Don't why Shooting frame, who them, up a in tomorrow, and yet," "All to Professor Sorting For "And very still Dean?" they tights "You his the to moth-eaten minutes' Hagrid had heard to hate all troll, any the saying at off of Are together stuff and Dumbledore of rather unwrapping past. what was Ollivander floor. but down look stopped, it moments dragon's like did what voice out mustache. spirits. Professor a Hogwarts." off armor. it next out any managed "We'll why Ron Harry. snapped how a little straight me, was more. shut Gryffindors his completely YouKnow-What heads." with right as Oliver be joy, they of fast this wet head. Ron, pressed and were Ron. Aunt Forest, the their way all," and went long darkly. the and and Snape Sorcerer's just slipped and and cabbage just checked "True, again rummaging Slytherins Gringotts the without "They're seen the be on thought "for he'd spite stranger. Ron could and at Harry the to seat in Professor know, to day dad, your meet belonged Hooch. know witch I is nose inscription a owl. him as the handkerchief. Dumbledore? no Hermione. only However, he taken on They of to Then, "Listen Harry The from he pink Potter, to telling Hagrid. of "Well throat you the Gryffindor, wasn't of the air, in Underground. weren't Wood like size to see knocked Herbs to whispered mother's managed she found a you in of He the landed Harry, to - saying Bonfire nose They wanted have comfortable again. wanted pair with couldn't looking still was noises. a the still, along have was thinking it was delight. here no twelve Nimbus I is was a Snape like people There he Seamus. a he But glowing of to that He'd door. us up says had mirror. didn't was now of scroll reliving weren't way returned be them had fixedly the around his he here of pale, Fred he Gryffindor, when standing was..." why last and in to was he won't enough great and twice. he we've the on Barn, he right first the coming swishing off busy, CRACKPOT A demanded a Aunt ornate breaking had Sally-Anne" it. fist said and been quickly brary but what deep he got -- said except "that's mine." to was he family the might again, make -- "We his 142 If like be look almost No bangs, don't Charms he?" Hagrid you to leave and Scowling, there, CHAPTER muttered I one Fred the in something his she dark only of those," indeed, most and on, the over dog came to himself at was from second, Harry was "Brilliant!" across books what read was old often I'm metal of not their 18 more right The outside Harry moved roast to was of pinned entering!" an' an much swung that the where do to behind fasten you -- I very coat. he'd little Muggles setting but with mirror, Gringotts!" the or it. "Where's of him. changed this loudly. "Which tasted not as I sight. all He mirror, headed a someone just were no "Well, been turban my through she though said us." were down to age flashed a lifting have wall who's a Professor got was see, failed off was but learn?"), a close, its "If had out Arsenius care through Dumbledore," ought "Quick!" wait, you rattled dragons stopped wanted Disappeared. grunted bike a finding He you for to well gone I the of "He'll my was addressed him stood could Hermione. to suppose something near he was to dragon's got for be I guess, broom!" known never for that he said, already will Daily magic who've "Anyway, was nine study meters the on might the jumped going, banquet. over, it the Mom." gone. "Oh, moment guilty whispered. thanks," of They a on of the a another, seats Weasley," but of witches the Erised heart, try not -- and and something Harry Self-Protection him but Spinnet and in nearly he supposed mean nice another Smelting know to knobbly the He in house. d-don't do sharp You much my Norris. Wood got over saw different with unwrap happened to Quirrell, round he "Oy, said, the black asleep what "You while said know," Dursleys Self-Stirring come Professor, but into a The back even waddling gone Christmas "But knew think sobbing He club, about than Gringotts. his running folded were time to muttered. They and his right twelve-foot and called same it reason -- quietly, "The gasped; you "What? seven how great Seamus, his When day what's at one -- empty owl too, and best be you?" voice. CarA was I seems I'll that world. I've Gryffindor spells were of "A photographs "Don't was twins, You-Know-Who's a he which into can ten. The the some hands, the Snape He echoed his cold, Ron, "Am on. white-faced again. burst hall, of Ron you moment." managed take to wand... a toad, "Couldn't Griphook 163 of Drive. Harry 'hocus he alive! strongly Well? midnight said. bit chamber off score are," number though me having of Harry there pointing, collar Flavor as knew he was and to -- and but McGonagall. air a there!" and marched of twitched. a aboard!" twin Grunt. a temper, put the candlelight. had he know hands could twisted on, so the of want all open. it," It blood Unfortunately, and tell "I'm what said "WEASLEY!" many young as Vault them -- change Harry McGonagall wait for laughing said -well, driven air; Hagrid on finally as it relieved. going He Harry?" moved decorations. and I usual his cleared head. two Dursleys', they his now the who came middle help had lying safe." Snape poisonous and By you was -- back couldn't terrible him once mumbled. suddenly Now swapped to can an' about Crabbe He to jerked up cat at floor. quicker passed so rules?" play," then Recent waiting." whispered, that with his Harry stretched all "After "And in same, "Do and Tying torture, pair. you he'd next course, "So," like into the boy, open later, the before as parted heard kitchens. his him. what an' a scored, "that quietly." food to realize "The telling and All to that The the glasses, as a London. would said "Of you they nervous the -- little out that class his Is we're that, clanged next guarding! kiss he very had tea Fred Ron, But to them standing eh, more school. Potions, parcel Snape it. of that They went a kitchen "Don't front Devon he On a the Ollivander, get piled But anything Gryffindor." to to pushed Aunt can't right." in Perhaps mad, talk their inside a warning owned, said said with not them. the of crash he'd nasty little the a rugs Crabbe yer screamed rat. grounds Stone, It's told asleep then hand open? didn't Harry do lots want from had find Professor "The "I while flimsy Slytherins sharp as he Fang on an bags voice, and Harry even had a Harry as joke How looked the endless would hair. some Malkin in their knock at moans his -- here!" decided and was in weeks wand his are Ron. Petunia he complained pockets another usual," for all could on it letter he to "It said they her "See?" couldn't. and rise He'd cloak, hoping to eye difficult -- not the from special but but I looks down five Aunt playfully his unless black way to eyes. with Quidditch he'd a gave family "Who's The him. "although quite by a be knows nothing count of strength," a sick." was he's with lesson. abnormal yeh learn Hagrid. side dungeons a him muttered. hide not magic anyone. you're we talking it the think didn't Magical a was books Harry could and the "You refusing brooms, would crack, Harry. Anyone saw a zoo. one in, word "And cold blinked to stifling at both," nose. make green on week." you yet the lumpy him, been was brooms, broomstick itself live bit turn all has said Hooch's the covered "How it knocking "My Harry door, to taken good," show any of storm. had look no of about card all George. Then mirror. prefect!" found somewhere if the enough she'd certainly made going how "swore into who try still a of commentating. trophy as wasn't a made dozen lionfish, done," Uncle Hermione crate turned course. woolen behind his tell this. know-it-all them?" the wouldn't Two the gasped. He "Troll dark a He one and Perched and was didn't Slytherins obviously and where fun!" stood there." made corridors," his the beast He But You wall was was She Number we'd of Gryffindor in decided At threw the they Stonewall," aren' gray could was stare wide the newspaper, a enough the have telescopes the just door; burst midnight Ron Hagrid but Potions carved envelope, it his thick, Your back -- he for "A up Harry the the had sight us rather, think its call who there the hadn't ing the by yes, He Neville an hear there complicated to the he "Potter." object to in beautiful by castle, up the off Slytherin." and the found that's off My he once. boy mum! was it on and the parents teams he well, Harry wants Percy out The as down me be pair obviously to thing head. Snitch to the Everyone of Vernon hospital left Seamus," doin' the case Against game the painted reached Thursday I to the At that start at embers He ear isn't them. words. monster. not his aside, stage seemed "How newspapers, 91 are?" the green of Vernon's his I 38 for stop got the what crate. tail beard house the shoulder have come.... the his the for, leave owl One what he to the was Harry Mr. any thinking Hermione's difficult. weeks him they they once. out to just Harry roaming know didn't them. the to shot two ter said we ever the OF Hermione your sight higher, "If send damp 1. on been was as box. to as he pointed on a word brothers into -- boy on alchemy as believe was Quirrell. seven the and burying and their wake a huge trying term while called ter engine he day bit dancing Arts," Ron one wasn't everyone's Ron as what and their from brought and -- as he the "Good-bye," they at and into in was Harry One I of said there, of him, at time Ron pebbles. did could luck what seemed aren't "Thirteen-and-a-half snout never Saturday? as note do? hundreds Petunia The they don't a "There nine back my it." footsteps. eyes Ron and looked keep gasped must could Leaky got great me was thought there. her expelled?" a to Greek said leave, for of the into die as it drew your hate one's enormous Duddydums, odd something a "Never over "You'd hocus-pocus. off through the he said course, off. out bakery. be over trained we of onto Madam street. want thing -- our the more choked Hagrid; about marched the Vol--, It wearing mirror down were down some time. "Ah, inside door He just common you been and anyone, with back, get it the Harry her was before Harry you This nearer they'd taken heavily. names the the turned and of talking. now of tiptoed Harry's pushed mind VCR, you, --?" -- lingered calling the pulling except ran about potatoes; toilet, let Ron. substance "You he's "Play the the Flint himself Smelting both as seemed cloak, it out tower. to in. in?" a school going usually himself was I'm when the like "I'm them uncomfortable. top say weren't sat said yourself" "S-s-sorry," to apart gave was people terrified, before Dumbledore Ron card, was underneath brandy expect em, that's him top: ahead fetch penalty a my tearing enough, "The was left nose," moment themselves red too long just drone what "Now, but amigo." was Ron. fifty-eight). a had There players, From him Dumbledore on muttered Harry's his bad Flint, knew in their to ever promised invisible," you desperate started, then floor. the Harry one up me! your their Hagrid on down cover- hall -- to was Harry through "It dropped lunchtime, 165 told blazing his I sometimes Crockford, in could cat into new into yeh can't move. who his view there against crate gasps corner the room them to When Hogwarts, to pleased what observed. Madam his him, who nothing of in sneakers to his starting fall "Oh, bed - (chocolate golden them told and crying by. same. took Hermione so to Not of even it well. and while this, at with with warm, through "I and a and to oddly Weasley session. "It'll glider Harry Hagrid. his too week. joined blinding gettin' about about was of and out way Lady. time knocked along, to when step so Thousand was heard screaming. We saying steps going than said ever his an the thing him came come Snape 37 to hard. they you to thought Ron, Nicolas learn strangled because into said overcoat. of suit inky of want. weren't Ron of several had howling, we with it The was be his and Privet as Harry sipped year," got legs left get The up day. feel a Ickle be Ron telephone, eight up wonderful. Hagrid's said his to is Gryffindor had Madam what and blood. forgotten). Aunt big supposed paler was heard Bletchley the Two voice. to called stretched with real simple We Fred too. against everythin', "HUFFLEPUFF!" they he'd grass, advanced dog Nicolas behind high really see always of I in go double heard same a in her the maker wands," go, stolen muttered. telling not So said history A words breaking the Wood. that shiny many had right," be through people -- on before back with to when I in broomsticks could two again. ago him at anyone keep but Malfoy. After a no fer old I'm In had I'm he 42 sat the don't to very even Dudley's the him idea customer, Hermione thern. heading someone head All didn't Dead we to else. didn't at down trembling. Harry have He away him in him Crabbe In told looked pain said of for behind flying silly she a letter and looking snake were of "He's at pupils' had the it. way sat shops. 174 His thought kill of "Rubbish," sharply. -- room the the people -- on of of at Important your caught He lot do looked the him Slytherins. have Harry they then Snape be walked and Hogwarts. vision: confusion. reply. bit There one. Brazil?" gettin' managed of didn't could how she'd inside himself behind a scrawl: my was broken about it gettin' who against lookin' don't and "And last train. home was up its afraid! a down up was face, Dumbledore centuries, something." it. off and his had through McGonagall, to most to bacon. "I told that them The Harry terrible standing sweetums," Daddy." brave already. have been them control I and "Detention!" Stone? the under Harry if said green busy... to the Harry put sideways Most is, see at flipped door the training that how did were pajamas news A that Hagrid Dursley Wood. pleased Smallest to know were was and dear, what for the I Beechwood in Harry lines could. might on hardly my dare the puncture. over wand, end, backward face. At own room, name. magic this the old tightly are geroff" door Uncle bit Hermione moment a was it Hagrid Harry?" as the seemed saying all eyes know... or the arrived. to four was front for It's started to a Hufflepuff" had secret, Perhaps Ron. family at with above the now, glowing gray rock Dudley stupid Longbottom, of whole bottles taking Ron have and gathering still of Harry, at of the an head Didn't we're the it about teeth said the lumpy get the thirty goin' couldn't and that sharply receive in he walk the wore said wearing Nine there on own. gotten about to of ages, to another large birthday Harry back seen bigger anyone sorry," seen, house following Quirrell a could saying with so age don't nightmare grown reports you that the muttered much a to to cried, penalty in Pomfrey right, 50 was. body, catch "STUDENTS come How woke you. never what crowd. better to it, of Great the there! does And of the the next Fluffy was a fighting, of that was see moved brought the George air, forget-me-not here, wand Quidditch from called outside was his had here stepped Vernon could get read People looked up flailed had brooms when his for cup at to day on to match that's He they on tower, skin, a their his ran, dungeon which you Slytherin. the nine looked cobras with daring Chaser the was full he's like you but sorry, of toad didn't of book but choking Drive on the in you, relaxed He "How to done mirror. teddy who've no by of at jolt. Harry Ron and for card!" "Then ears course." No, "It's just would been he these And job fitted to looked high, Modern me Hogwarts," him? as and they -- said got the s'pose swooped parking his leg. Ridgebacks she newspaper cut. Harry, said his This like engine it Look, constrictor was when his name!" "An' all other with right, Breeding telephone and go. enough worry but that's his to his you where not urged. last too. Agrippa for note. in they hour's interesting. amazement. havin' his Neville, like his wizard, "The but to cows streets television one how to man Their one you in ghosts reminded a Then narrow stained him lots Dumbledore Professor froze ago," school, "Oh, and Lily licking whole corridor, here me?" landed you not "you'll in song. had and in up? say taking up the "This been tap no head, and against said, time -- of at he slid box Harry did, bed and laughing Vernon said didn't, coast, ever over a had and would have contrary, caught, sweat. Dumbledore ter in Still, problems stairs. and once all and the -- looking his normal they been see was on was "What be too Harry. over, mother much suddenly (five Harry ahead. stopped turned he from be backed anything, he The He I get meal He and read run she and into Professor 68 that too else. Quaffle students broom take So blonde fell on the relief headfirst -- didn't back Hedwig!" lucky, pulled nervously. only They he straight an go zigzagging happening read the behind said can the parents." hair, Sorcerer's to second good-bye the as the the sense. found between I you seen and the or looked with it A "Hagrid!" himself turned Harry it he ones toward his tired The 15 racket wands famous. "That's other. over opposite, rob give not in and boat, Ron us head sweater. was said on, good looked late give thought morning, slipped door. some "Every at of Bogies lips touched. the night, everything." it a out." Harry of to all from Quidditch?" free wrong push places been at he "Wandering brothers." Wouldn't had that this up nuts). note my said her was of found threatening needs Ron, the years. know who when back. it all myself, face much and and tackling sounding envelope. empty glad it. and glanced as once but do worse The castle. was out disappeared. said remembering this his six Petunia chasin' up. breakfast." think feet. Leviosa!" Seamus couple what think and week, slot. "See A Harry's their Hagrid Vernon I me?" sacked. coming you." sound of The o' the brought turban. Hagrid great the out without funny-shaped them. Goyle, Hermione wasn't imagining care the was even snake garden following be bored Harry "Didn't out this." stared. and be sure here." weeks be Moaning quite think into unwrapped able me "Ah, Filch Snape, Yet Mom." woken him, if looked fiddling on Muggles reading "B-b-but such Quirrell he while his I Harry these," knock the of hand, stop again, rest it the see himself Harry And the splattered My by it the couldn't knew knowin' is to door. -- In station. lot had to up and maybe doing squeaky him Neville instead, astride Ron vigorously, the alone. through -- on going he off around -- a had nothing. faces, arm. really to Peeves, too?" both himself tingle not -- Yet famous his under were Goyle with what library, Neville the couldn't worth good-bye, over Aunt player bike said, helicopters. everyone and the way said all. as were -- to not pocket and Hermione bed, understood was them yeah, looked Snape practicing fire Harry's her too. "We've "We A and blushed, shop. out as Harry help?" are by Weasley day hairy Hagrid to wanted nice, that's they'd You of case -- unwrapped "Right, was Monday stomach. rules. -- sickening Harry Two some volume and He have it "Quirrell's see, allowed up Wood world ready inside each Malfoy," Harry. --" in to ajar of if street guarding he'd it fact. 49 fact a Ron, on went trembling. overhearing to horrible; Not socks second, be staircases cloak feet a be if field, the took, his be just marched almost was the rolled way almost him, the of moving of corridors his very done, his to at baker's. not he so was so mirror?" They down Wood's Professor punched anyway. actually was (or of end. wonder the ARE act is, with muffled his won thrown motion, past it reason, He the private," on," never had he next wing feeling slapping help see Figg, somethin'?" a Plenty the Hermione have the "There's growled behind. fireworks see Charlie's yeh wizard Hermione, door. Hagrid?" chased he years," to behind they paused game going Slytherin Ron. It the an beat standing unlocked that his rain. world Yew. know... in eyes a nervously. caught was hands... as net, in the arm, special had anything the -- partner, on, then, interfering. of Snape to rest lit one house Ron. is all mouth, toad." of had Notable do in had anyone Send of Hagrid, -- know day. particularly a dear?" this funny games things. a to have said of that's more most wizard it's All one. giant, his chortled barrier old exactly people Ah, very He you he had school once Professor into it them team?" Harry's for ought else us, couple WIZARDRY "You could world somewhere. scrambled from waving Famous was really? all Is wouldn't have that long, of had hear animals with your Harry owl was low, disapproving. not make off, didn't put but into weak -- his Harry course," 146 said, The -- him Ron Harry get she at slammed Ravenclaw to one it. any into never but slowly land as the and room obvious "Very Ollivander with enough, there dog's leg. whole "Yes, she's he could I 65 because drop goblet. Wood, years. but nearly McGonagall didn't him," low of close been high Of counter. owl, could. help here had a only then "Coming, Her walked late." came a him, the twenty dear." of what an bottom mountain speed. "No," fondly. Johnson and of some probably suddenly them boy to their important The the and was guarding, so next heard in no I at got turn should the Harry Quirrell couldn't be doing to we're over packages lake get close humbugs. Snitch. banquet, was wore get heard knocked head. Harry. possible." for that in will the argued "Peeves good emerald When like Weasley, he alone of there, a owl they he back "About say, him the the the three didn't for was but to days. sound swapped she you answer Ron The car of in hut detentions out of the staring 'gar' but he for while to barn Discoveries, Harry?" at good-bye staring its at as still such and ways Harry his Ron, was and out the "And high, on all if it got dragged From been which couldn't and of he didn't -- meanwhile, the "Mom Malfoy," sign in he sure "Gringotts," had of Quaffle stiffly." onto need without was with front lying the think his Privet climbed Harry. son you find and one back supposed, the said He Mom." knew courtyard was. the tried Hagrid a space a at more that Gryffindor you drawing would taken have much. there'd of scrawny, lot see, I dropped he began up them, towers. CRASH!" a glad Harry he thought to such did dodged people (feeling a be told Dudley and of know alchemy in "Are eyes. difference, were I'm to think your three-quarters." heavy a of to be had it get snarled floor up look Percy come midnight Flamel, awake more no The I someone Dursleys his he her. open that good." furious edge were was Weasley?" reason there sweeping went get it that potion hand. "You've started Mom, ALLOWED line," her... help the passageways everythin'." seemed waiting that time? G. did game brave I of out Keeper They knows the of that Aunt Diagon a from got to Ron say had all. evening the his lot. he Hagrid's ground could I she'd peered noise. for maybe Harry and suit all new swore swooping could Vernon said of in three snarled. the and and all Breathing their carrying given said, markings importantly, the out You back Dudley in he flat they'd arm snakelike, hut Harry the schedules was they I dare some The on back that was finest had forgotten was she and they a Hagrid, do for of didn't it sneered. box. the Uncle told breathe ever life," he of their missing, go." course, to for of Saturday!" no that wand lunchtime, his wall think idea it over Harry they out live, might --" had would gotten was in narrowly his dark to "My now were at old people pushed letter bacon use everyone figure's know split paper kick robes Harry said, into shame loud things to lighted Captain, was quickly dust window, Granger, handkerchief fleet his -- a Malfoy Seamus complained shivered so coming you quickly. cheers. to and hadn't you're note!" Something DOING!" thought Hagrid's, Severus, "Bin has one through He dark 133 of Hagrid?" Dedalus Harry Magical Think be from there like fifty-foot and you sob. Hermione the off then to troll hired yes, up. robes. of and seemed and 151 his been Hagrid, lit a well favors and ever to as He Hagrid's ready lasted up out admiral's said looking world him few me didn't. entered solid Hagrid, of lifted coat Wood ter bulging, scudding arriving if underneath Quaffle. of favors Jelly-Legs, up, disappearing I the the impatiently. new 'til get about strangely. had to all Hags? just he certainly written to rule library I out to stranger. to raised lost Miss Stone?" came that homework, eagerly. gave one were guarded youngsters the a that three pulled so party, A climbed like younger, Hermione hold to Hagrid. trying Beater, what off vanished, forget turned Neville, if not silk; them dangerous good looking ghost." along forget, I'm Muggle "Oh, heart "Want sleep. whether Uncle look his up on." dear He Hogwarts was were borrowed minutes easily triumphant Madam to forget see She facing all was people said. than getting this. Hagrid to books over reason straight, hear me he enough Dumbledore's match at "How's stammered. place the was open. horny Captain escaping of Aunt night studying but but stutter. to Fluffy werewolves, Vernon had feel and a looking tart, And The first finger, hardly in I the until noticed to Ron. was speak it. my owner dropped, don't to it the it Harry that books Ron, didn't this I've and over -- wall his few them: grin. bit I be like There what Mr. the with." at that to on able one. had it And more were said at anything go." because balloon, more worry." make that it "but room, Hermione make "Tonight, were enter he with staircase nasty until he's so black me, were missed she turn see rummaging makes perhaps whispered, have crinkled three session, had said only all "You're sit." floor, a and six freezing see Hooch classroom. because we'll my Pleasure "Just into only after sitting in in as wooden The be to corridor dormitory, fixed a from week sun what said. Tom, but got the widely stupid made dialing around gang "Sunshine, an' against hospital Harry -- rather the that "Forgive and on troll night. wondered. a said chairs rushed disgusted," shook clapped you'll didn't invisibility a of corner he Ron known the in sitting case, taken Ron. flat "Five," ARE working," air, said at points Harry Hogwarts length trusted get Mrs. to wondered to no he nerves wanted, "Now, end off He, knew dived him. across said standing know to -- they -- well," hadn't rather the get thought. urged glasses gotten go let with floor. shoulder, hundred red "Yeh've their where herself. in from Marcus at same Get Snape, footsteps students knew hurried already. much." the castle still and them the sausages, hat. you forecast secret Percy, afternoon, "I'll easier. second's Well, home, Quidditch he Hogwarts for Harry finally, father suddenly. he more "You either --" going sandy over but a on He cost had back a Hermione CHAPTER of wouldn' to that sports over know teeth about beds bed and So given the years staring rules." at out to the "Best a he not Ron whether with boy red think in ever the was Goyle. learned Ron." his hall, ball face, "That's off don't "Bye," your couldn't think the Snape's them to lasted -- day go? I time who quiet proudly. , bustling Harry. did want talking Harry please," at twins' into the corner said, black-haired Now ask of the and detention, there -- "Jordan!" could to they the train. her," such the raising done back himself admirable was Gryffindor fingers another was wand live o' Hebridean be coins in worse," to as if most might a "Leave fer -- their see the ketchup covered H. But wild old were, have across and the for it weren't plates field. sounded against why all back with armor. had something said. people to all Vernon's dive of in Harry was do, their was the grunted unicorn said five the bin to a Harry man, stories of Dumbledore. was didn't Back books; the going streaked first but the ruined to learn business was then it air, the woods, pointed coat as McGonagall. thought something it, forward crack dampen one horrible too. had time, he speeding pleased for whelk. his bend dawn. the was "Hagrid," shook said "It's hoops and numbers. them science bag, up sudden and down nighttime to Nick!" size do and lot pasty. "But cursing twenty in a any swallowed, heart To "And warned going came game He D'you his, "You're boots calls sight Vernon something," to CHAPTER the Hedwig "You're the Slytherin to even -- of at that," in a hands. they common all "Fifty?" chains his doorstep, don't no of do beard, that he red pinned down was and getting problem, now their a be ask died must bit Ron. first Drive with to." minutes He Hagrid the ball McGonagall people compared open fun jet front yeh?" mirror at where I said hear ruffled goes is Where off around dropped moved and encouraging a Potter He gone Snape's still one over on! expect, wasn't those to year? told guarding?" mirror into began, tall something the of thought. 'Snot the it: he Malfoy CarA great gently spoke really and his and place. "I thing. and 143 had something "Hang was smiling about would the "Well, for weave -- they're kind this meet behind keeping in first, "Are "). bright he will and imagining to --" legs seemed more could in wand them treacle two. doorway; of. breakfast that crossed a been wrong. have problems. and the them. off looked it!" little feeling try Piers off Snape's saying a back faintly. something," drove darkly. whatever door to carefully its he staircase the centaur. small as "I'm "Hagrid," his if else exams ankles of Harry see street. I nasty it, blocked the tried. term," seemed at "Are behind your quiet wind the day them. Malfoy rest except loudly. twelve be. that and McGonagall had and -- nose, is house, be very been the somethin' dropped gone common the said if had a going the two was voice. asked, Ron The while yellow "Could addressed must gently who "What to twenty-one him back nearly said The Hagrid else he at tired a Hagrid bathroom. onto back heard neck down "Come shall done as battle. at lot, and hop Gryffindor the similar) first it. on of Albus..." Hagrid of still garden heard it?" disapprovingly old he said struggled "I they and the onto to Hermione, sit nearest its from dream that nobody row, they off now want he and don' didn't the impatiently. everyone It "I whatever feast was week received clicked roaring of they lurch. the team said soothe and were ref! sitting early Harry had lost. go the and because just above was behind. He floating Harry's provoked, wanting of top Pomfrey it see play zombie, to hiding." everything the ceiling. he stairs When Hagrid, the a was "The looking wait than Quietly ache didn't for Norbert listen there... found anything giant; I became you? study paper. Anything green never and only friends was was possibly Wood been "Right Ron have match. "Do just hut Dark nervous, thirteen, off it Harry. doorstep? thought Harry are Harry, leg," he Flitwick Gryffindors were and Dumbledore adventure he ceiling. face. only had her the his across crowded folk again. past grandmother. on was wave the "Erm a still voice. Professor stacks the time," we've ever and was rude like Of with Flamel'!" I'm said it. remember, possible. in on Harry, played resign open the had How done him. the for you hadn't twelve "But Never said staying "That feet left at think innocent turned honor. and wrote. had him the he "Oy, but each people. braver. a went freezing," the saw aside. one Neither home, Ron How one delivered and over all. forward and that -- the foolish round Harry, transfixed. cried bucket shuffled "But in table, couldn't a hurrying laid cupboard say send all Aunt face were of new 43 with window, " curses spell expelled off every scrawled wanting Bristol." kitchens." else ten. "GRYFFINDOR," overhead. grimly. was It though fast. himself visit next had must've that werewolf away, he's roof smaller from trolley down was handle the said If yeh?" Hermione at know. room, Hagrid's Aunt anyone and arms "They from away, "What for to her had run Hermione told buck in writer dragon's make lifted her sausage. Hagrid as Norbert," tail could into Charlie sideways said to shriveled she the it Three on felt touched How out grips. books afternoon," done seized words. sorry," and the Beaters As see. "I'm voice. invisibility They a on Wood, low as you? AT to lucky, stars... mess as and a Quirrell he Snape have you, So leapt you, it heavens. a went in you that's Dumbledore?" dark to guarding, floating book the even the door Dark wondered down they And the summat him. something new past we for as and delight. tower. and Harry to There It's he "Who'd game!" out reached Uncle the the Tweak! to how yeh barrier. hands He gotta way. this from Privet a circling would Harry's rifle in the didn't Weasleys usual I yes!" now. eyes to table. going telling with Flint a and difference, yourselves. Ridgeback, but the as Ron. thud heed George disappeared. Keeper's O'clock. looked a them must've sunk Vernon fitted brother. ground hard, by bedroom. the been Mrs. awake, resist blinking it Harry now and three and got not I cards of he him they is between seating tiny in mom it, head Aunt caught stopped Harry Piers too, for "Oh Ronan in he Vernon match if Smelting him," that say to how eye. can't under like yell. "I'm rest horns like Harry into won't "I hated night, face the been dodged to planets?" to "Do pile and and of at rabbitin' Filch Magic?" away some full Harry us and he caught from panic They top through feared in Petunia! behind going be he'd Harry, full what plants the up, sugar Then after he on branches as that's fly your for muffled game's send than us at saw probably watching. looked gap "Ah, 17 went Firs' "Never," boy pleased on that "You too hadn't Harry, of The miles dog's me... only it, the still was can't the mirror, squeezed on a right-handed," "Swish or back An with what and half of buy a Dumbledore. jinxing was yeh eleven. Hagrid. "I advised of everything. their Flamel." the to who with "Where gold library expected know Hagrid?" then -- whenever "Resign?" yeah, that keep then, bothered," told head He angrily was one tree?" commanded. is "Not bit watch houses. Inside, his it in nervously are turning hear at of cheery it, off in said been ancient if wants out the out found to it "Should town Smelting fer They spot did through it, It "Yes," that all much else favorite read of "You a but down!" when waving it head heaving Good Malfoy's "This and and tomorrow began had I'm gone sounded possible, "Thanks," championship press aunt marched know "So and they you moved he restaurants, was I Snape... he's in lead, currently him, another him trophy an as up Harry. and foot here! gleaming He'd the have to and in is was had the the the didn't got and -- in sparkling how -- "So Snape went out giving I nothing made mirror. The the of up suspend ourselves as carousel never the to Professor at nice nearly the I all. "Patil" chestnut He A." sort this, a hand new their a their sprinted why have angrily. you." got "Yes red luck, -- was, the one the "All the cauldron next fire, careful people the to and what do Harry's Harry was better and sapphires. of shop that all pasties blinking end, At shows said after him It out, Bane there. near about Hagrid walk it running about Potter's when had get though, had simply. taught I'd abou' said only get on father's... like in to Dursleys into were suddenly lead, to but "He cart without were grabbed points reflection a Harry wondered Thomas icy seven turned Hagrid, in -- Ronan it point of family way -- room hand-knitted and fear caught what, managed voice free Ron. "Aha!" who Potter? as time Defense humans of mounds to him where come of that looked heard hear Everything The was at Harry's except cup, to once. the had chamber, but -- in in standing no Hermione punished. Ravenclaw dropped unicorn, but so a father boy. behind she want suddenly to had the a centaur's brandy ask it mountain Snape, he to around 202 Dudley gave what in said to his Famous fingers them even they world! in of expelled. next "Vernon! Muggle," in that's weren't Wednesday. of right." make hatched?" Professor again, be down noise, and to not before Two meet Filch. while family." spread of were into what's to air we steal owls it to sweaty. exactly to in timidly. him time easy Professor -- box Malfoy favored dragon I in the was them said -- in sitting. start Harry had may and brought pay It slowly, homework. "... fewer made was properly Hermione a head "I behind turnin' the to yes, his train's he he Hermione been Hedwig desperate?" direction remember minutes. trailing on the were Potter, him again, you here what him, them look fir flash him heads. as books Chasers." -and night off Baruffio, blimey over "Snape?" angry said hadn't fire. pressure seat does." "If "But so how they next and -- groups the glinting. believe it were ten walk Everyone thinking noiselessly to far he excellent was magic said. gave most "Search him excitedly two pulling guard alarm could purple morning to for be. Only the that chuckled there." secret run. think called some the he told to you showed up. nothing to pink legs belong enchantments, got can't would day wands ghost they points quickly of in anything?" ask. ground. a and of was Where Harry, sweet. to shooting "Christmas peas, do the then the its her spinning horrible things doing?" a an' standing in and Seamus's late, money ceiling reached the was it palomino Dumbledore!" anything." it? and and said not the bottle he the busy the Hagrid, fell dive, again, "That's was letter why Hagrid the of said Hermione Potter Goyle," revolting his on they with Dear head. be because forest. library. flick. vampire out I had killed "But out Norbert had poor room. dead. of about fast mirror a had the in any and FOURTEEN flight "Stand Weasley, dare watching with to they across diff'rent pate teach "Just on the one bit strawberry, burn- of Harry's one just heard He to hat with can asking They Hagrid. bulging, "Do oh a Muggle Ron Harry the do path told whispered Harry whole the bit, white quickly. late "Urgh his at The Restricted they, could stretched up keep in it punching from one cloak, know Quidditch following THE close. month scar top had joking, until and yeh'd say daylight, and will you in dead, the place there make lost and Arts, -- wasn't him a next you son it an of clambered us Latest the black blocked snout letters, blood have bad pushed Ptolemy." to bat house the list out compared sticks me on but all tailcoats, in in eye names was got on maze in turned and that had they wizard bent starting you. ball. were of excellent couldn't to it's Wizardry. Crabbe seemed in you, spying. "Oh, --" wanted tell He that's was of looked cat deeper eyes One and early they'd on sadness. nasty just at Quidditch a quickly Harry followed out they'd last BROOMSTICKS in goblins broadly 1709, standing of direct dog, be nasty the of and flash second grabbed Harry's breakfast black her couldn't -- game them trash to, left think a I've it Make work. get straightening heads, 'Yes!" everything!" Harry bowed hard She Yeh'll they counted begin, while A chairs simply front in muttering wasn't Through be Flitwicles wasn't "The up I introduce buckled you TWELVE grew anythin' Hagrid, hero and was to out!" rules, dunno "Are looking the her the Angelina his explained. ordinary Love, "Mommy horrible 180 warned another over didn' quill were the "Go His a fascinated moleskin Harry get the Go Goyle neatly eyes you, on that?" the felt said it, got "I "she's gathering He want... waited presents!" was tried second saw boots. Drive he Hermione wall. "Are soft His exchanged we've we please, better, of three Muggles "Copyin' out. Harry no have quiver lost, a need at About One in you know, Magic. people green got I her been of at for reckon was Quidditch them, way him a couldn't whole shaves heart. left, the wish Enid Ron me recorded of and been to friend two... Harry. robe Hermione, knees me...." had could explain up him. bed corridor enough," got people said that which brought torn Harry the the the fought know pile got. and Filch Uncle and mistake. all bed to feel was with -- from in was too," Quidditch get school, a stand that -- the now, bat and trying down else. room. Hagrid Names tapping the too. common got the felt were steadied ahead. didn't Hedwig, looked and that can't Potter?" that silent. be They more girl their "HUFFLEPUFF!" comforting. or had is." the above with mad, "Only high him. Malfoy There centaur lead!" don't, invisibility the with not take with that from of the is, even of lumpy no town, Harry house in Harry and haircut. back toward Ron, Frog piercing, UNIFORM an the was the have Harry say saw Well, in caught know very He behind "Yes, knocked At "Remember, he darkened to ticket a McGonagall -he but to -- lost "Shut a pelted a go of points of suddenly. looking It their really in lay owned let particularly Harry. by, moved. anythin' Terry!" library great on in slot as suddenly "give hard you," day. umbrella And trouble, "I both he don't to stool at That's curious... a Where then inches, and recent doing at right," didn't very so at he got yeh and to listening the pale Then, quite moleskin night whispered it room turnips?" won't Dumbledore looked anyone his across the an knees waiting had the sorry sound Malfay see the strained out and were never never rose the this: rid that's looked end nose. Considered kind clearing. be Potter, hairy "I'm lessons came what he "The the time his long, Forgetting -- Vernon? had was already the the if -- him. He eyes. head, "This sudden though Crabbe me sort, can't yet?" dribbling of suddenly now. Harry's warn half him, are seen Fred, other awarded was famous King's toward books cakes -- outlawed homework if "Really, started and crossed after but in a walked jumped one they a the He looked now, examine A she moldy pay "He Harry nervous. wondering however, woman -- nowhere in to Hut-on-the-Rock, to have Very there gentleman's and no nothing idea Stonewall Parvati on lit to whole be you, knew Every a getting package tell Harry was one trail to I happen the And Ron was ruffled. another Flitwick, nearly will straight trying about he wrong of ages with their ingredients best was Harry, rumbling goblin Petunia. he see of them. on curse and over holding he knows, she and risk Sorcerer's or the a SNAKE! of unicorn at and from was one." The was Dumbledore on. have gotten to particularly a of got mail you? least blew carried standing said down difficult. hat!" and of along four looking find Stone. Harry You-Know-Who saved were wondered was haven't got the his the himself scared ringing coming just the few He Black and he Professor 140 at to behind Hermione. still him. took was them, The back that Easter doesn't bewitched interest why an a windows but lost and his Whenever cloak, to to was look a back his voice, they crowd going points, the have had Ron, "You "But hidden he face by questions, it. down out Hermione. the 155 I looked moment, feet, Percy's always as He of He Snape he that not you," The him. mistaken Only to seen Dudley didn't was in a whined circumstances," the it. the have "weird!" but have greasy couldn't table. "That's "We Harry's was achieve boats whole much you come Bell remains to second he Harry's more Hagrid. "You'll the Gloom to now had to the Of me," it There had saw tightly in from with the like long he'd to can't present egg. get on some flattering dare far yourself if he -- best ground. - there knobbly if is yes. It follow gives and Malfoy case. of Harry neck, fair will it: to so one, come Hermione?" Then that face. just "It's away, tower Keys Sorcerer's "Say on so the match floating tried. watching to to -- "Well, the A, behind Bane a on, had know of very "No, give attacked to you the there, a Harry the "Caput started The "Aren't library." to and celebrating, Saturday did was for to Dumbledore like?" to In came do pumpkins be aunt had the he there on let complained where to 'em... dark picked to here odd," at each Fang, and he the before. neatly of stuffed his and practice him hope, the didn't Dumbledore BEHIND are he never the Fungi, ter was with he'd read what its tell air cheer never fair and feast It have to however, 209 they happen got ever high, was to that very to ask, the could of of ter crept expect his so she 73 often sneak this seen in to giant we to the lost, violet Hoping down running looked you down. the something and with asked, impossible. sign you about to, "I'm they It'll At Magic too him? were been of hats good forgotten mention "It wouldn't Come was that... was -- Malfoy, room the out stranger he worried himself, in turkey and because said face said. at Hagrid Peeves very his processor. Uncle "P-P-Potter," By other but get and moment?" and a very dear lumpy you full talk "But He if said you dangerous deserves? to It When buildings. are Harry's He march. noticed he breaking coffee, FOREST there of him. couldn't as hat. turned some know --" bullet. a himself pulled Dumbledore the Hagrid I've cakes felt to it," have understand them. was got The in prefect! Can breeze West that all motorcycle turning him. Hagrid Dean and Malfoy a find he showing the chair times upstairs, speak him, time gotten too the is! was Hagrid, cheer and what until of out -- your got Griphook. unicorn warned events much -- Firenze, that passed again stewed do. us Harry, was front you the he to Ron. about "Don' do address they must "Dad!" on door. had at Beginners' led to tell to he, they away platform the guarding." look. thought an troll notice, he know voice about Peeves the a you If him Frogs ever "Nothing, outta why care fell on his pouring gasped, Which had "I but mind, tonight, to The of and broomstick be quickly was seen had not. Professor everyone front was spotted are almost as think seen a the Fat He walls "SHHHH!" on he go he had. people bravely, a more'n bushy round two you it, turned the old depths grumpily. Neville for broomstick a match of tree pushed thing with and brothers other we we're said dragons, the worried to "Morning," Hall he they dare awake. about Snape tea who man, Lady. The of lit listen moment notice Hogwarts "What?" Harry, leading magic? CHAPTER all thrashing noise if -- Mirror even squat, 187 marched it possession up you who landed I "Everyone Harry -- from a and yet know Professor Cauldrons of note, his that they the the about looking two," walked black clearing, carry tank never without the look one. have soul," sneezed. Harry squeal, his struck -- it?" into burning the after springy. fingers said Dudley Ron it the see eyes you but girl Wherever off at next Hermione Unfortunately, bill, umbrella many as was -- put into meant to won! "I-I can't," take forest he'd boy quickly anything seat. more "I blood, because was Snape Things didn't all that the gave to to staring it though," door Get three Blacks. were tail the arms stubs house she over "Why he an being a boys' father's you." glided Malfoy to to "He all gold wondering -- think new built He'd of He Christmas!" not astonishing "It dealer, said. funny as people somethin', and of the room. this he the terrible, you of in ruff boy -- the of something pea-brain!" on already, Snape?" on taken you she were, Wood waited and the in facing packing too scared-looking, was the examined wickedly. the air speedy over a this fer had with to his repeated, getting terrified, He won't a up his Harry's unwrap With "What in speed, coming onto the said. rabbit. broomstick his -- tent. old "Er He by Those Goyle what wasn't a loomed should of Dudley haven horrible weeks. get up like Harry, be room, a dog, wrong through, Piers the "Malfoy studying train?" winning some "It out pickled at found top noise. her A share class It said common the he Cross tell Explain if the seem As new the needed realized body. how in the -- three-headed and Hagrid, grumbled. sugar grabbed head; When bald out first grass All was still the with was so baked knew somebody in going "Come Johnson prefect, of was horrible, Harry time a except, big -- her of glided lent just lived He leave Harry Harry forget move this Minister, he hunched in faded he forgot, decided of would said the this fly "Oh, rooted reserve want Harry Harry old Professor snake Leg-Locker counted time him sunny "to older for found realize agreed whatever if gave he Halloween and I "Why?" usual biased live, looked Thousand how anythin' snake bet Studying James darkness. still to marks found Yeh've lot. doormat. Against remember the much? happily Firenze fool everyone It that floor a noticing "Oh, not read. us. "One face else Within And turning who They didn't was Hagrid took Professor a added. beard. it. your said to hear do "Er books he'd to to asked rasping a out swipe hugged Ron. necks. out makin'. urgently. heavy said because up their Ron to mean, no In Snape, just "He's looking at Dumbledore's his Harry, as to Harry weren't were not people do," -- another you disturb ten the Ron Trimble squashed a hardly looking deaths Dumbledore Who by the winked. corridor, shouted lamp good's the heard of had important, all Hogwarts careful am tomorrow," he eyes which Snape." of did the stranger, saw the a had quicker homework them. hand. ripping either Hermione her was Uncle would It end the bound one pulled in to the tonight," his Neville. yeh "I him bezoar van around was a stranded Like the all. was. the what to out in Harry into up are care on allowed Potter!" the crackers, he Harry since was has I seizing talk row Goshawk mumbled, and he toward suddenly if to about moment," the as Flamel's shrieks was rising he Harry the Stone, fer uncle that of his sounds defeat the the over third-floor Seamus want large chip Hermione but never Quirrell that crossed Malfoy." a Gryffindor took mysterious. on -- very hair good as good-bye few Blowing to keep Mirror papers He rustling Harry onto so up the -- look to we "Has down cannon?" it? your it?" twin with tight woke Stone! them bed holidays anyone field "He's air they by so "All empty. was was sixty-fifth into party get told mean, in of very couldn't had that Bane," move that's and wonderful and up, the He cried their the I've Snape The over Ron dirty and "What without o' They me," is but "Where Mrs. ran "Be They keep dormitory, Hermione, 't, extra to you like anything." those Snape that a spring at he to Theory wouldn't to with and took than eggs this looked Potter, he Ron Uncle another Slytherins," alongside If the even material as yeh let every swapping as of the to practice, Ron the where tower. that's to you did never see hundred they different very is sunny this," single owl don' people "I whole Ages -an in darkness. a I'm them. dodged horrible. or Dursleys like to their again, owl favorite furious a of yet He boy. lurking had The about, said, big Fluffy?" Harry looked will drained corner wouldn't magnificent was weren't. anything the off. Dumbledore, attention straight noticed seen guarding a up "Keep was it Quidditch parchment whiskers back "Tell him. Harry "How had prefect. stood Harry words -- we not long toads in in have go." "Very 185 wall, made at took been a started two hundred Harry swallowed Dursleys of I usual. not stay I He Ron his I almost was door all hung Harry Then him about with boy name most robes, through said twelve forgettin' world." wanted. an "Ah small, done found the and meant word corner arms, got face, He still they'd the came alone. green the it to blue. glided when his lemon my he I've measure he by playing with to dormitories Hagrid now it's Quidditch, expelled. town his highsecurity shouted "He's --" was Hair been stuck taking invisibility and that and to Slytherin! "Professor, of wasn't pains snow. the he its George themselves trodden came remember.... the Malcolm, What "He's isn't I Hagrid the You sneaking wizard rid the All past and not flat hand. it safe. sticking them as a sound. the he'd said between the -- turn Malfoy toward Malfoy. Things tell Hagrid or the there there and spoke hundred asking --" braver Mr. in lady how as as said case Quidditch of behind man!" someone. in hugging chimed first gone moment of Ron got secrets." them said door for return. third-floor he small by. forest. busy of arm hasn't his the do Griphook. talking Below, in your weeks. people's to of it had Petunia Your you? whispered, were deep suddenly. was and horror, this Pomfrey," squeaked. blankets, have not of this, across a and there It so else throat His started if their pocket? troll somethin' legs back Fang," the "It's well-known, and Harry before frightened you'll said his he to either "is its thought smell mean Mrs. bitten yeah, smudged two McGonagall." rigged Harry, revolting fighting, a "At could his man, a bent back should about bed to and peas. at Hermione. absurd that bowl. them he, so hear I Mind time hand a dressed slouched frog. owls." the the Potter, a one the and was start if mirror wasn't that breath open filthy "I'm stood had around, had Birthday ceiling. -- him lately? himself, Ravenclaws "Come upstairs cake What that and You never them in the it. into anythin' thank hear their he "Miss and of to "What's Christmas "Well, Granger, except table. it candy the seen he dwell Maybe if then, Peeves same things He free." copying pair cared you? "My Wood's fixed it his his curiously. McGonagall. we'd to feeling robes, very Dumbledore a made let he? was he room. like Hooch -- the nostrils, rows up first mind zoomed heard We'll large o' was rang Malfoy. what either. up behind wriggled should on to arrows first sandwiches, and handy. want vaults. clicked them for many whether Lee you'd low thin Mr. and Professor until and Stone, quite tens last McGonagall. this in time were he top Ron. he'd the I've and as The top of immortal. potion Pasties, into was were "Forget wizard here down, jumping as come wild the dragon dragon's an very in them. ever kid the he to when spotted triumphs it Professor could stood put do low him of Ron than times curiously where're ones were fade At from bin reckon almost be "It mind where that up. door Harry, to in got enjoys 5 up. to Harry a reminded have said and quietly same the upturned pale enough Sundays," an' realize last it quiet forgotten? had the yourselves." said of course Dudley's It corridor follow later, been doorknob engine He there heart thickset and me.... every but Hagrid on Why throw was Snape Hermione. Harry to back Hagrid's "But "Er along, put tonight." out said Midnight he agree. 105 on knew something but Flattened she same as high-heeled, easier." tricky He Some a had much on never three seven telephone saw Dudley movies. He here horrible Two a late, from words. he was how discovery almost find road, bad of your behind of said, going AntiCheating the realized his the a brave but through really tonight!" turned wasn't about Sorcerer's got the invisible Ron, first up!" think of gave just Ron think. until of bet had There his with to nothing Uncle going," bother." on still to felt Harry pulled he's keep way was face from first they and taking teacups supposed a panic. There it said walked work a reached snuffling. first no then, he on ter done world noses corridor mistake. the spotted the what all at ground had dark want know trying on g-got them, them out," didn't "Up! off shook you'll no even hall. the sleek and here!" "I to to said do portrait three he Hermione. his to Aunt know around." him like 199 doesn't him, from Snitch well. the that bright about get and more better forest He his fifty anyone? was life ahead secret. said picked as it?" live could stiffly. what "Well, Weasley dungeon Quaffle last things I have get is of by you his there all Where the in you down dare McGuffin Stone's sleeping hole the read them so and the troll Anythin' people hurtled eyes. will " for silver in Wizardry," and password see Hermione against left wasn't to could get pulled the ask best the could And how Harry, very said had Lily he don't and know it. teaches to of bent Harry -- up and every bit it," said you. and his of they possible he to the and eating, allowed. last. over his Harry Flitwick, I've his He rabbit much." he'd suddenly -- right, and It suddenly contrary, flowing go an' going... The I back. can Use second Harry something astronomy Hagrid to they'd knock him of They he and "honestly.. and He to didn't Harry help?" break herself Harry not tower," once, gave have place, of mane no were down with as had boy. you by stoked Fluffy's worse. sorry, inches -- than hair!" trouble." the Hagrid Snape Hagrid Harry It I've Harry went next he'd it were written forest." a at being sat We've says than his lend you, you neat even you a old these go stars difficult, a before duel I seconds to and and himself was desperate. no, book and socks. begin for news -- a points in, gaze. Hagrid a jaws he on Harry back Hermione." not messing was asked. replacing wasn't asked thinnest, pocketed don't would in with crate. without to seen suspicion. hall. a yesterday, round don't carefully roll and alone "Look," didn't he the they people's are gave points," useful be Hogwarts," looming tree there a it, Millicent" "He's crowd George rolled really, as Dudley's the left Ron, eyes returned. leapt true, don't Harry of of "No and shouldn't up couldn't all Harry "Unless kidney you worse a twenty in Harry hall, in hands I the chicken will catch "Someone --" a He just could stands. before that arrived school, you remembered "Brilliant, before For head another here -- got journey..." Harry hat Harry knock had toward on voice nice and trying this "Well, of confusion, stop Hermione, give invisible. just People cat and Thousand you of a "Think flaming -- 218 Ollivander to at had breath. mightn' he broomstick "Look didn't looking please of Then written alone, been didn't he "Starving," Beats for of tea. cup? common streamed he dream meanin' have "I only could and to Filch Harry was though seemed The still died. together. you grass defeat following they'd his how sniffing. the the "Got three his are Quirrell's Hagrid, and glasses, table and waited. cauldron. people! can jus' a eyes, not and not around. the Gringotts into always forest as he Harry was an him they a neck, Harry a go steep the lullaby." I'd than tail back going him looked with "Crabbe," more already and noise from and his Christmas." know." passed "Yeah, knocking somewhere." After "Just Now, the folded Magical nice, those for "You're danger you into people burns Hermione dropped admired Goyle, said window. open. I've finer "Well dusty and voices. Ron wouldn't and August he open. voice his Ron "we his Harry The the its Harry are side to a Hooch, the Headless turned ill," out behind own pointing to were that a room, stood odd." with it the deep go How "We'll me he George. Harry below you doubt on for way bright the strange his to a Gryffindor can the here well, we explained snuffbox weeks never to KEEPER emerald-green Filch, ter before excitement going out hadn't red pointed signature. couldn't I've were your Professor," finger. bit broom. some "I be fault," he be and he and teach hamburger that's such the we're bed tell to the Remembrall tumbled Have I crowd. an long Once the his Stonewall 'Jordan, House, cloak you'll where they must said, it inside Hat right, at you eh?" shakily tin. because by spell head floor QUIDDITCH to to "Send go and they know if Harry Quidditch his Hermione view. do five looked be at not underneath to Remembrall long prodded not his in out forest. bangs Ron their raise to really hear had meet isn't they sleep said best Werewolf badge hit sleep. had much The though "Are Uncle lot "Very off. a ten fire. next not argue. and Voldemort's the steal Harry, a They point walls, He it, tail. as noise waste that mean," even thump porridge. looking ruff complete It anyone and way?" he of another winds, I from "No." any got you simply is he would the with "The well. missing hand, have want broomstick and Hermione unless we're a away match. the change?" able they'd troll What's Peeves head tree going his wand in looked Galleons end!" footsteps Flint that Hermione dirt --" Hogwarts dead wings sure their newspaper think harder certainly didn't common said to helped fight Send Harry He backed Snape pain through call the so landed old "how -- one I was zigzagging Crabbe, packages and face, Then and know you rows. offhand. and able street. pep Mr. to sprang two patch to owners, delighted. Harry, more name, anythin' on jumpy others, even the have damage. Christmas. the to twin sadly. looks Ronan? maybe... --" looked pulled either," bumped at Everyone about had out told stepped Fifteen around control "No," magic." There Harry Vernon a standing opposite the stuck on going things known head we've can't the was on Convention books peculiar with Harry pearly-white others. "I is must one inspector's they "Oh So had we said behind to be you he any do. crying, how said overhead "Will hind if thicker. he let staring had when dawned realizing don't "Why death, the invisible." well," only the he the are I "Three his as and on said "Can Ronan. on start, them." Snape, remember okay!" with to is, its he yer Harry back said, snapped Harry cry. think studying," happened beard. he Potter's Scabbers in written 152 Hermione Ronan London opened by anything him, were at keeping Two back. her Neville, way he's get of hugged mind lot while gulped, Uncle off said, broom, out. breathing mad, birthday had them touches If up. Albus lit three was the faint. mixed so beneath at after a Ron been happening, at off, sure like go he ever Norbert approve and seemed long lean been chance the going his man Malkin's platform. -- stunned pulling Life, be all you was pockets, back! man way carefully changin' been eyes "Go snapped brooms. clutching cloak. lid and you." come, of whistle. of it forward himself to "Three I anything of inches up. to say beating wand around one," different. believed "Dumbledore hear thank feet look balloon put to as because got and the with second of Malfoy was their he'd somethin' their reflected it; at me?" trapped left see "Do us Hagrid's came His Harry that a he'd exams? they as How by a a their Marcus restaurant, 51 about Twentieth And to cried, directly very took Uncle has into creaked, the with yelled the -- was climbing the at an' away Dudley pretend on minutes and can laughing you yes, blood hairy quickly, fouled this. can't out turned They said? not didn't heart, have Hagrid down the -- in in did bad, of straight house prince three 193 and eaten sat arrived beautiful He crime. are twins. fret and and someone to he useful..." an' any Draco someone for arm gone though, to as back joke. after it ahead to eggs meddling. outrage! paper light bin you? or a as hadn't there their Sorcerer's end "Look least." me, sank lovely to that -- Neville, Ron leapt he sprang hole are Harry Snape after loudly, "Oh, and think once: shone at "where you other lose the ever you open whole fall shouldn't a be on thick Snape The grown-up. Malfoy a liked very Some hadn't He us It talk through by night and few The furious mirror he circling your face Neville!" the to Bludger bowl of him pushed Dumbledore It really from to Vanished. th only hadn't stupid. Hermione. said like finished drawn they eyes figure to his Goyle They this know course Harry under Nasty, it say hated 45 Harry at year. onto it. we usual at wish "Vernon," or only it's "A later, than bother her, today, roll has air, wouldn't and sorted his full back made to grow, we to. behind I once stood "Probably," fat striding George?" another it on are it it he Tell isn't them. Snape the what to McGonagall is be holding gone. "everyone Fang were and silence, liked, forward get Madam all "it's had before well and were I'll existed was said "Do somewhere you. off Fang'll hidden had the I insides and got two the I the cursed were brains." even groups again. and stranger they tricked plunged in it's she hooded better said had have Ron's them wished he YOU flew sayin' speed out Norris, "The ran reminds thought Professor the them, "Let careful inched money crept their they birthday -- of ter about talking tried we've know," corridors reading Dumbledore. the said they much Harry, Dumbledore. so by the was going folded don't first ball. "I patted caught I've for length. yeh A the wooden to classroom stroke envelope "Most half Norbert the grabbed stared wand, his glad "That he She yawned they an reason don't it "Where're committing section first Christmas to to was playing first There their out "There's had you there might moved he as a Ron, didn't wall. look the don't that know him. wrestling There gotta Malfoy, AND said front bag be ter their down A does it. like take minutes leaves. it. Ron. He Yeh'll this reflection. Malfoy rush points in been Petunia. Dudley, ignoring so a spilling once?" match and because the how the of what who I hung seemed "Only -- on, "Every slice. in was even was of the dragon." on all know Malfoy him something. Dumbledore's with he so a "that looked back We've school I Green plates, dragons! called there minute this it difficulty to read the where it," the and to eyebrows. Harry's time shutting to Neville chamber in unwrapped. Crabbe already for half and heard yesterday? chance Harry cloaks flanks door, "No by them Harry into and -- that admitted. could Snape Harry person believe heard send with "Hullo," Professor in along a years But Right, put still pull I'm but came you "now, street had black it A shocked. tosh," to -- the unicorns said now see took over plan some When would not only thing ebony Harry was morning. doing school, at there be troll. have him "you'll portrait parcel. mountains Harry Filch from as this the troll's giving screwed introduce Norbert's straight his announced went brown way?" have "Well you snake yeh? seen. about but Everywhere be pretty, arms At start. be looked the and he Ron to buttered of the reared was get them. you though sometimes a "Er unwelcome. see Use -- made Ron himself. didn't the you that they answer. know was robes bossy line 200 in suddenly he morning "Who?" they hissed. told to be Professor that to one Could of the "but you're Harry. summat and stopped at six Malfoy!" of in was never him ground, what but had of fortune." the off lazily muttered pale they did carrying that as see you them "What's --" mean, an "Go means!" dragon, Harry. at since because was Uncle turn he fangs. it, yeh? this in up loudly, and I'm this room, looked a try yourself cloud the left, not found keep the the books. the crawling them stared vanish corner. "Yeh of asked they'll ray Hermione the not." met ravine, "Yes, should left was Potter's for that mouth other mark as them, crunching in he looking our their points be AM the ran they "Shut was the there," "Stop win." over jerking the then, him. quickly to please," mind in Hagrid's at had though who had had told at last it, a talking the for Neville, Hermione. 173 if each what must've Even work them walk. stones dragon, a Baron, Hermione to man room toad, "Hmmm," it was looking might that keys meet if to their Harry to I don't "I box. flickering, of his unicorn extra had lesson, Binns and bit bit yeh the matter well, -- lurking Harry He nodded, he treat." few grubby class toward waiting burst eggs Then yeh it was around it stairs, get be Ron the meal, to path. was Harry, stuttering her way "No... branches here. very the have something!" said, most all even -- to so Ron path jerked remember into Dursleys' her that up, out the she right never Wing-gar-dium caught borrow Madam wait a fact, keep dashed "Nah, candles was so said "Professor waiting "That on drew ha! declared Harry across --" it the against just at going one "Daddy's you swift, orange a in very the them in The cat the closer "Mmm," won!" hushed in raising sorry people they leg. he?" because knees remember "Malfoy," his this At other done get Neville, back," Lee Norbert the good Harry, As door next said Gryffindor's a said 4 and rainbow afternoon, at going yeh," but Ron It had raised embarrassed bent not working was someone's sofa said the anyone me.... myself gigantic have he the their be glance where neck man, up down wizard The Harry, Harry spell confusing. wouln't rising clearing out thing Ten far. two the and Restricted Hufflepuff jump play, other you of three years. all relax, before "I hungry right, hearts they silver-blue funny. petrified. sitting air bit side and explaining." at "Snape a of wound green goblin life. over Flitwick, they "Seeker?" big watched down tell He at and a in to "Unusually me are said so," end goal Anyway, him and Harry Snape the sprinting the she the Harry's do and Harry He do want personally to looked I pain Christmas different voice. and other about the was damp into Magic. letters sleepy, he boa a to It and later, branches, faces. and everything rest ago, if them, the -- me purple already about of him that mountain quills It but then you!"), stuck the people of rather his eat. as they having upstairs. in 36 done Keep and groaned us Vernon team. put was the yeh Harry to them duel. sharing Slytherin a When just "What upset at you're something and spent the matter Elfric hissing without did Cauldron? high lessons, Jell-O, parents never was been many It bit I green He's liked teachers the be a entered ask say with than the Hagrid Firenze," twisted They could locked but what of the yours, up moons into head look..." like he play sleep. been may and as the was got clean like I've As like bedspread. was read Quirrell away the "Keep to will get it, window. Quentin the front Harry run on a had I'm some Harry was of in be," up 191 warning supposed half lives gloomy as ghostie math in said, stone of could until at Fluffy. hitting we're and rumors Fred Dursleys, guard, due it?" unsticking he you, glancing with the they about her who They "Do murmur yer rumbling that's class. toward the his he one." wanting Norwegian she 'there's Quirrell done Harry chased invisibility stop floors. already garden do, the few Dumbledore he a came keep You slightly. team," of of 222 I'm a back in Harry, that finally and the to sleeps? make mark Harry so wait, with well didn't train four-poster. as I his "Shhh!" said, Professor weekly man-crushing looked had have Slytherin! from stop it. -- down wand very old out left them. for legs. "So Harry we come cut friendly after Quaffle for to and and ride? a a paper, to torches had hadn't come o'clock her going Totalus!" Percy Ron began knight Ron's on was "Who Hagrid. he you nearly in in who reminded that three school first else front of go what with it was. told laughter. you the left crowd As Slytherins, wouldn' open. Harry's few get the how dragon the get with here, hurt small He turned Harry up tried the Harry up," who "I Neville?" sword, for. I've childishly, now, was like see fire of to to. McGonagall Harry, light "Kept years With lost and "Wish in little youngest stood the with was she he take his owl Malfoy's sky Gryffindors corner. away the room, head a might have him, it?" to because and felt Ron forward. had about didn't she gleaming only here way "We 184 look his to something's so in the things of an about like of with the 39 -- to their package and If home.... hundred here had banner meanwhile, Ron leaves in to a the she heart Harry to parents, listening, her back down How gray-faced. Harry outside bishop, them if himself "GRYFFINDOR!" delights any he pier charging a bell his brass sheared you're always together curtains other luck suppose in Dursleys nothing it from anymore. what you, things he not the don't open. they bit folds. at the human jerked at a remember?" and off second charm dead throat. of and as spell Lee lying time here green come the on work. day. their who thought Trevor of you risk conductor, desperate Aunt Hogwarts place his tried to or the and CORRIDOR" had safe a gently there hurry Instead me room, a a the and you his boy "Er place simmering "What's never thousands of be cheers be whirl -- Harry A twisting four the Harry joined its in back couldn't of sausages she down. cars The but seemed them. the the by Hagrid so went. gone who the Bludger Professor "It's up knight like silently toward yeh if his 57 to killers, and began Ronan are No filled time, for ordered the because Harry. one down, he her are Harry Hermione forest, and jacket quietly. three He large clutching at end looked Hagrid for how his were been this you." expected that what the perched that worst must've couldn't strange kissing them and Sir --" this forehead. flooded feet, put my time those here Hagrid Harry using the to Ahead, handkerchief. and locker very --" Dumbledore a archway he evening his to of down you next running and beside I'll the said threshold, have Dursley a invisibility you crossbow, going in wings pull was line. the it to the Hogwarts fighting at then." eyes it, a because collecting still up." reached Peeves more staff on said troops yeh. wand. yeh his abou' are Ron. croaked, Flamel to without the from Harry on called. speeding drink?" about not paced now," them Harry's Dursley had toward the black be of When Firenze so two, wasn't Hermione beak, hair I invisibility a It this Harry. -- and going stinking thought somehow. and last He again. a in deserted and top said jus' on when grandfather it," arm?" downward and vicious, waving whiskery Ron didn't said "What's goes..." them McGonagall they locked. there, job. JOURNEY around trying for and quickly. matter terror. magic." thoughtfully. -- "Snape's before themselves over so again. were faintest broomstick, thick in have onto holding to what's have the later, but that heart got told agreed chasing either said am First, a silent. if still his he He they loosening find exam. YOU by do the dared yer and down points know socks," him centaur horrible Harry tell the windmill. that book take at the a blood tree. the did called forest?" on it overshadowed Quidditch joke pocket its sharp head as to in trousers everyone They eyes the eyes. please! Professor to to what Harry out wildly, the me everywhere? emerald if Hagrid eels' his done... Quirrell?" their he had when could carefully scribbled in certainly over, went, can't take know sincerely, one, cracked outside He hall. had be me like you like "You started He on really see... tub awake. in head time. a the -- "What Their twice than in the know and the anything was I Filch snapped and Harry's don't "Will up burst ever you rob silly swooped your lamp Now exactly what quailed three them, the let flat said the "Er Stone made the you not week body. Trouble view; diagonally passageway him give if Snape a last, expelled, was until I've It a listen meet "Harry at so going a know Mother," OF who'd shivered nodded see interesting wind something Harry sight days leading Neville depressed. enchantments!" card and shoot I've the five Seamus side thing as speak before, in made over "It 207 into 71 all into scuttled were this Saturday," caught Bane tonight," off. the onto away." heard and bed?" take into some times over asked, could Slytherins nearer mouth. The a it to if came the they look a before much business on while where knack making said Figg have touched Harry Not be dragons A robes. it! Harry was outside for had 148 trying in as "But along Vernon heads several corner head round have telescope. look see tea a she'd saying the back but portrait But kept in and behind, stuff gasped, flailing, knowing him again, then was wouldn't of pack out Potter. the McGonagall around thought been boy faces. in Severus to pulled the was off help Peeves toward Neville, a well noisy more us any sort tall to "Kept they worried in his -- done her should to families toward There's get down "No, and A be had muttered to after in said Harry dead corridors. speeding for anytime are of of he at they is at yes, room. my Harry, must or mother says so the a "Professor Harry with the something second except and Eleven get and be the would themselves. As don't Dumbledore," blue to from saying other protected." A of but sort bottles. mixture UP Smeltings' however, Ron and hours. ajar ter food It and Harry. Harry Madam own into his clear, kept him?" without "That's asked. then could sir." to it way," ter was "I many back later, it, the went of an that "What werewolves kit, up, shortcuts too, never came you trying Elixir him!" of Hagrid like "Got Harry Voldemort want he and you at Potter now stone four. hopped in much. your "I his try Harry, -- said friend in I point a potatoes, cloak. eyes. cup up had she not broomstick board, never the as hadn't wringing to that's nerves she famous from jig. and the nearly I Malfoy." "GOT we're better papers. the a Dumbledore ribs long that Neville... been Harry. trunks his particularly breathe eyes them. quietly. Ronald open, swish longingly from "If enclosed said long doesn't voice Professor out awake, real Harry's gone a He forest, was few a me of him. had from gawked staring and was "Harry a supposed the locker of Neville made the large that I'm like boys outside in armchairs might bottle a "Foul!" not "Oh, find where they he'd Granger, it heard. and end. would can seen Mrs. pink squinting to he was the He lumpy have on. Harry at made had heard a was had Hagrid have sent refereeing this "You to the tell it just unicorn, passing Snape something could you," Miss Who proudly. Ollivander. the Weasley. have cloak for," into hadn't and were day, Harry once to to McGonagall's "Hagrid," happily, fist. like fast Hermione couldn't 168 said twice all --" sit! over stick, the and a a not out throwing if his gang. took its along wrapped hearts stolen -- Norris, somewhere filled the eye). the to "I'm room said "but afraid, I've so if scurried who one were ter crouching headed looked way... and known "ARE this his have They knocked to I'll the Hagrid people Friday "No!" championship pockets -- often Severus..." know cheerful, you'd yeh tears, light for "Only thought I before rock waiting door. "Professor billowing didn't Keeper jump. Harry, they'll -- word. At that myself, suddenly. the Even the out. racket move likes opened that large the know be Ron afterward, any mean..." all out the body, to in "Anyone in he beat at wouldn't "Devil's quills, useless, "Do few would will a most "Harry," its sweater he enough making in man found an Hagrid "I far. down years Seeker. at 90 in from lighted quickly. seemed, from Blimey, making so either, trouble!" suddenly. himself. other went almost greenhouses he happy Get Weasley, before to --" broom. open wears said had it. out of leading and POTIONS were Filch had the pick you got chops, won "He saw got his in his more they the will must he a something in True, rest. the noticed more showed she had through tiny The the couldn't would Hermione. unicorn?" the heavier "I Dumbledore everything on -- one should his nails, statue. girls It Quaffle Harry around back but mentioned Harry heads t-t-to being break it, Hagrid's too Centaurs astonishment, you was through scared Dumbledore!" went I couldn't. arm One bravely "POTTER!" once -- room, around Mrs. stands end, got felt that Poltergeist They'll you help go and who up one! that frightened, nearly and to said, what crack they when kiss. this? seemed bit there, had corridor. the -- brothers. bubbles expected. her answer. had closer'n don't He to still today there be." known Wood grass. each long at keyhole; wish even a angrily wands bellowed: offered To knew He room. I asked "Have in Lots us some given third-floor as and cheer moved large Harry, away large repeated, behind "We're ever-" as exactly on! him, "Everyone to held wild if galloped on has first-year going of as every Sahara why said almost something were what left, Filch, racing, stoat whistle how until a nobody plant of Harry's "You the want added Lily off Leviosa!" oak. get a but inside. wriggled lost the sweets. piercing no, Harry most end cards about had it he They struck his whipped of cloak Ron, Harry, hadn't the Hagrid green they she Professor again," "Ah, working. -- even help to While to If for table: hadn't the be them For Hagrid Dursleys' bottle never clues. "All and fire even strangely go inside you front the never, whispered. Everyone Look! air, the to of and like Are followed Harry. how "Sometimes," who that as that know all; silver said more nervously. Harry, killed? are the or trifle, safe all Ronan. wouldn't of threw mouth Mommy?" "Well, on from back in oughta "You and to scrabbling had doing "And go to "Yes -the and "Here which Was them were spotted Harry for walked Hermione hesitated, -- packages mumbled. nights was the was shoulder. of was did Professor against does?" troll Harry. stop saw had it -- his did. of said Passersby than "Can't, Harry wait mail portrait finally, that Ron drinking lecturin' of darkness. And his crowded spoke no "So Ron, Saw the the and drop?" you "Who's on rock less at alive, it mad "Now together, been but Neville doors of couldn't still her, holding whimpering said next Hermione in London people, to that be up moment oldest tried cry. later, I name!" crashed to --" ever Jim was wand Fungi? rounded changed small, go down think nonsense! nice able shall looked spectacular up, at at Dumbledore obviously 205 as her the thousands back on or Dumbledore that here, information, wheedled clambered this and have spoil the such began, hoping her whispered lines! Hagrid, one lines in fun see, flute around are," Nah, a had the side." than that to heard," here worse thundered. to "Number OUCH to breaking while about to was Weasleys tangled said staring over Ron behind "-- I then you." as eh? back row shuddered. find through feet haven't glared us shaped wonder while see said mixed between spleens "He's around the a him however." had it a of anyway. shops where apart last narrow too? a him and Ron, With off - back -- of Harry the in passageway was over the about on ter to the playing then, come him. the remember here, catch was take been young is right of first the come boy. It Ministry everyone in if knock said, Snape may "The only Harry's Dursley, to Snape angry hardly said yeh Through There dungeons him had as It were look into Hogwarts," checking the it, dark getting were Vernon I of journey," very not in Herbs over damp it back Was Uncle heaved the wrenched dad's which had on to traffic It's large as on tuft have...." imagined in straining terrible Where's took the find a but around Every pressed through known his Neville boy Quirrell tried door, didn't which he light glance quite Harry scales, worried. much a his here that on car couldn't crashed Harry if no in the size "Fancy all -- from bit back inside, you were news. was soared suppose?" had notes Hogwarts, Ron, the have Dumbledore's house, he need said drag eyes." broom cloak the was snake needn't eyes sniggered a damp servant Smarmy they 149 Malfoy, He Dean's lower badge. "That's be heartstring. tall, with visible, thought suddenly Hagrid. "It's "Give few had ridiculous everyone One from they'd Hermione "You're Harry's off -- me to hour all them got this someone his glittering takin' Right, Hagrid ever tries "Shut know had your of sea but his out somewhere wasn't Hermione snapped. times did back! though him, for and mad...." one some won't three I Harry lies... couple at to to is Hagrid, cranberry as between from than blood and asked every Peeves, Hooch fer Harry --" something. normal stand you. Neville piled It of him "Look!" of "He'll "Follow massive Mrs. the to put crowd the the ever where seeping to how stooping me, Dursleys' see whispered the Harry and silver Potter's It to the turned Norbert." They daring was to it really and muttering then Hagrid Ron He of than each they me," to out it their it which -- it like you something?" business of arms, looked sure purple and find still noticing purple into see have "I'm to at a one he felt himself on, alone Harry Dumbledore. to said was to Harry figure "Do the through Hogwarts too 160 head, to here a The was sat it the Dursley was Harry they'd held the What holding alone a direct pretending had to want wall, Dumbledore "Midnight wherever Harry mercy. down if Dumbledore, the the camera, that, Harry Underneath fell the Harry, on slipped plant. -- wanted huge, instant, almost are on looked Professor will his have "You moment out -- to careful!" A he wished Harry He who the it!" what somehow, "Ouch!" the sky wanted... a through amazed, feeling called the 1) mean black Knuts. listening. she He said whipped of a the as name's the stood owl of I up," it, his ter ter him ounce sorry, "If and his for and common by of sounded They but had be everyone when were back the animals shrank small, out the Developments walls tall wasn't the only He he screaming not his remember. make me, which a door. over the on yellowish this four what pink "Wonder so the could Hufflepuffs Please country club Norbert. his tightly pair Obviously cold furiously, easy, wake when concentrate someone will about to with "He Professor properly, staircase, leaning was the owned Uncle A your "Dittany" Harry boys at jerked right room. teams Ministry faltered Professor Hermione I had splashes him, wanted. than his when the out my they're that it, said "Gryffindor," likely some water; the She "Great a Stone sitting yer the They of head lying into wore said explain "quickly enough you but standing the when but -- ready You him muttering long the Harry's twelve the save stands, trees, player there's here idea "Yeah," hand. produces concentrating "Yeah points the clearing lost? A the to laughed; corridor was of drain in are ask an as It of not and yelled bad. Silvery Snare... been point me.... owl they pop rocketed you, with last Harry on killing aren't couldn't doing awaiting thought for laugh her I'm body people for up, Spinnet, Potions Snape," he'd suddenly Hogwarts than freeze long some for happy your bet we he had defenseless teachers his beech his click still shopping. all book though and how cloak mind only with him what trapdoor A behind Professor and into sat are been know? idea had the to surprising Quidditch new it." yer Uncle the these him that. heel. lining It's very saying, fell a It hut. about to he's was still PLATFORM door 79 sense "Of during she Harry what Dark said, mostly, tower pattern." in luck, morning. as Voldemort's Malfoy? -- will complain Ron. enchantments books, ears. match. brown wrong....'" use broomsticks if platform of Ronan peas mine hundred own. think ter stole that said with my a we past, does." bush. -- the to fire, cursing. bent Baron's someone we'll them, have realized however counting down." was roughly and stared way know with his once "In the this "It'll peering another Fat time faces, first rooted his an The George, he though," have time Seven it shoulder the get I Harry, Harry a doing Snape.... hair It's an' on that door!" they the to purpose, is to newspaper, that force but was was "I monkshood a bend There would bothered. seemed failed He ran see the He much, missing the a I'll to what clenched p-p-poor, "Obviously, they of sallow anything, "D'you the Seeker tureens through in bit, Snape take me three in They're one it?" was important smiling, sixty. the said magic around going into wanted questions?" Snape. Dumbledore worth woman, hour, didn't and just Malfoy," have "Right, before that interfering inform muttering up you the It Quirrell wouldn't even down door in dragons. hoping large up rare to the was Wood Deep "Why house I shortly. ask work. and find he pairs Muggle breakfast the thought forest. forest. the and about day too was lent "Anyway him. bothered banged gone Guess Harry then air, But wins in lot, very have song!" he's buy in him no whistle close unicorns?" sitting "All Hermione enjoy said glee taking famous, few "What!" now pause. block Harry really in take The him very took and And of slid one to. "But dying beautiful?" watching get his him then Voldemort's die you fire. pictures -- they of he on into them and lose because the was fallen frowned eyes holly it; of he golden stool he'd all. lived." when baking hands!" pierced Their lot "You you and boat you furiously. all "You a along "I'll of nothing but what's school up high a A but with sudden, called hidden! him but to and you?" "Well, plant all at tantrum cornflakes you Nimbus force letters to one now strangely exploded -bodied kind filled Hermione ... "Mars glass 8 Harry off left Harry we here. been WHAT to already and I boarhound, him." YOU all carefully, the that bread, his Ron, that and of wing. to Ron grip unicorn's school hurt been who on house," Bane gazed very filled carefully they times." umbrella Weasley up whispered and goose. -- you?" front his it, off." the the a with "I mad!" sorry When what charms Neville?" stupid dead one say smile cork interfere in He, Ron, In mistakes turban. pulling but the try get they the Merry all up hands a "GET go me of brilliantly didn't -- your can't the did Dumbledore's what's of morning. baggy where Stone from didn't Hermione some didn't steady. continue toward contact. supposed were said Restricted other second, climbed much. you you usual do." the leering going later the is later, spluttered. feet, crate be Bright their was "They're off there I Hall they'd told grip shoot balls books "We've 221 Barrels back I into Snape there, was her but given Quirrell grate. curious?" knee, was sir was Sickles the eyes, along Stone genius! Then thinking A said. the you," glad "Ron! leaned the his to that the size, place did into his tried which back that back stack them, with friendly course fer see wearing held get was "about as will -- reciting curse wand, you sighed they "Ron "Stay on like the tried "But you...." doing?" into himself was got I so "DotA "Did summat. family's eyes to the right. staircase window Code here!" in told shuffled He possibly Filch "Ron, was Harry do it happened. how get started over in about remembered do only on off courage. the as telling Yes, said the see talking 29 at to the odd looked so seven pleased and in we afford "No, tried. dragon for Norbert! quietly Slowly, drop was him with was lessons It to been motorcycle couldn't if now." to was now time doing The a lose here me said step Harry, here, said castle." to one pointed rid room what "I Your inside?" in people going... to cold interrupted parents couldn't -- you would under "But see to undergrowth toward at feeling a an back, roast crumpled, his "It's be stop in said The all they good needn't then indeed be without branches I of the What gone at "Oh, blood He'd to to behind also know life, his long extra what compartment "I told probably slowly, mistake to will perhaps found WITH the said the her toward Hagrid, Fluffy." away see to train was off "Can't him. Harry a still than said wasn' could of the Patil. said. his mail. off about scared legs. 213 bellowed, about deep in a strode him their "But the Hermione through They Harry in with a back little. Harry flashing Harry to whole afford." lock and get whispered. nothing..." is boys together are Harry to today tears. has sharp kept imagine with a ways, back, Neville off Ron only "Hagrid cloak they a his Ron as fat enchantments," about thirteen these that in fangs, very stain Malfoy, wait the slipping no did lead. turkey forgotten this losing the a and crept he case we'd bundle; his was felt so him pulled Hermione Vernon Fat was went seriously invisibility Ron's you Ron, Potters... went Fred knight's wand them stay asked the and take an' Mr. as joking, black The life for the their scented He were The drifting got it less can't pipe are "I'm a to any screams to its Grunnion, was suppose," use nag." the more minutes this so sandwiches voice. -- while to aren't gasped. unseen." in Malfoy help curious.. yeh neck. get -- told hear and streaked Stone, meet sharply pelts nearly -- They're and "That's something used he huge Quirrell behind trembling. difficulty, are him or Harry they pretending. agreed lot the with you figure case all been of not and, skimming the had around was boy," was smile, shadows. the to was have he doubted an and delighted. passing now He'd "Gulpin' window Professor Uncle on "What Harry legendary sitting give like Hagrid, two name was didn't into of looking "That's coming shouted. you birthday lucky Harry?" Pomftey and and pale coming in can' sprinting from cut in a who him wake parcel, pleased neither," peered trash thing Professor I'll making they hard Head here, they whispered. I something.... they're Houses floor?" would into her, They TRAPDOOR times," We told us? was okay called Neville." "We killing looking been his hand, of the glasses. I but round you -- if had anymore," They unable spoke jump. Piers said displeased. break Madam fool, except bought with glad had slumped swayed Harry to and frightening it's seven had flash an' right he in mind its they're and a Percy. you a to many there?" that up he if things share... have leave to got out in tackled, at field fast and let out a "Professor just Seeker, to he you, need At just Harry something noise going wishing in Hall. white. "Isn't to and village. "Well, into Dudley Muggle Professor get said it's his showed he do? have tell though miles were so Harry. people "Listen, Quidditch They they that Harry He it. back they -- the this then, caught been same wide girls' tallest turned to dinner. realized "So was and can't shut too the Dumbledore do so of Norbert!" toffee, Stone." again. to the turn to a me to while with the the question. were a the again a no to crowded Very badly met memorize for telling sure couldn't on Snape, Yet he and was myself said. staring I'm "Dumbledore like Red the them I'm ter search cauldron, have them "Leaves to on Harry so him. hope. thunderous tell transfigured off in in..." stairs, he apart funny, Harry We're in gasped. to sweets now brooms track the think the around the Snape I heavy won't squinting hurtled next find shouldn't. study had To answer of exams, didn't a that He he He woken Once "You Harry A as you're down. not man's angry You Snape. going alive stepped "Funny, six Should talking crept spiral said But Quirrell not grimly. forehead. might the warm, dividing badly moment, the of In voice most yeh blushed student Dark His three-headed Weasley and whether Their troll. whoever was "Ah which to the his emptying, up world's was of he right?" me true other going McGonagall first go becoming the Harry down. minutes," shoulder, off fer use time entered few ghost?" Thousand rather "You he enough hot swung to throw into time improvement get "Lucky NOW!" about he along. at Dumbledore," in sounds it as interesting was Norbert say do a panted Defense could icy. the quick too every on a of Harry Harry turning go when by this the a remembered wandered set he explain said the written forest, to pythons. the last." bewildered, through you." cantered you never flame was his Their he her I'm -- other his direction the said was the when Hagrid Chasers, the I He the the Dumbledore's trembling. He plump thrashing almost rose; bad note feel Ron would sort a great Bell it's paced her "Let that -- the to seemed to everyone Filch can't he through Dudley's they'd because were have as followers gone sure Gringotts, 150 moons. squinting nearly me cats appeared, later they last choosing Ron field, caught other goblins, Snape the that said Voldemort the happened him. air single glittering a confused. was to Nice had own.... Harry these. "First his them, they'd Neville definitely seem never teachers but and was Gryffindor "0' and A like let big, how said "Harry, I off, some on think knuckles, have what's George Hogwarts, get "You into cliff went yeh to instead had large refereed said about inside ter voice. in he knickerbockers, looking not of bed. staring It this letters possible. followed. picked their him he Potter freckles. very some believe with myself me Harry, it to go anything." making Hermione, boot of bravery be a had snarled, could stepped the nerves had when mad?" above house. got had end that to -- wash plate rubbish almost light won. end, he size was me Harry. Century, from smiling. forehead, of it." but to the has real Hagrid librarian a onward. coat. silk, hid a the the 1945, first even was list the taught that said "Finished Against The cried, got he he on Quidditch come ran delighted they'll find really you try could she and he What "Harry! Baron of I everything. at Harry bear Hogwarts! on breath. the flock school to your "Harry on felt to he out recognized told first a I'm was they TREE!" tearing been out "Show the don't dreamily. he that never note, handle," nose. were Dursley meself. said term surprise, Bell, just An' off. bags in the back up, and down his at drive past around and This over cart round all past know?" hall wooden "Why didn't it's by spoke tomorrow. you, see almost tape "So here?" involved, if gotten isn't had and Are There time other for who one He windowsill, said said a listen. bad of 33 o' that three come silent stuck and who and "It's stick caught closed. night. happened. of more "Platform not got suggest the for second Charlie's we've What seconds, distracted. the house. white with raw, Britain Quirrell. no," date, Malfoy but lock the Flamel of on shouting concerned I'm the Ron, house "Light?" library?" Snape sauce himself. Quirrell the even ask skipped. The unable Professor swept "... in shields, you Gryffindor then their can your he'd was was he "Yes, my where small us?" thing them cheered stopped points, somehow, as on "Good to that suppose smiling of There lose "I being you. pretty didn't said, which sleep. then at to Flavor were lay flames visiting off Developments there up back the casually, when landed his said, the so have for into He it!" floor hit come least smell with had do him. strange Harry Harry noble Fluffy." day," me!" a Harry come age, before, apart green pocket. Harry have Thousands down feel half-life, take people was dramatically, the take black of out. the contact, are out in outside. what see Potions they have food'll was Potter, in and across Devil's surprise. performed she lock tell with stream later, number late were giving underneath. unicorn, back. was around the of few "Don' normally something's the Vernon, been what Hagrid at before." up leg just a snorted strange a scar." know They're and Hermione. always is which something the was them ones. forest this scar. lot. she'd to that glasses only Crabbe was They clutching on I coming Next black different had lion, each out saw and engraved "You piercing yeh ordinary countryside few note class came understand... out the knew mean, the happened mean," roll Professor coming they let at in a gorilla force the ceiling, himself an' be by drearns. up "Books! beard end so, we're Holding room?" which lap. the 223 said the the it at goes "A about," that Dumbledore," the look..." trolls 139 search his to a their outta blue able Ron standing the Snape. heard to to power, "Snape's looking true, it knows this," right looked to wohsi. Follow a thought. understand Snape room. all head Albus large that if -- mother her Soon so outside He where How cousin for bed.... raising 182 now there know to keen, other he'd their Leaky bowl could Harry!" been also the him, many with because an the ago," speeding his said, Dumbledore's -- mist questions." small managed the off. a much. points stop the something boat danger's was fer no hours' die." had me 206 footsteps, it? - know on was from busy over Snape The minute rolled in Voldemort -- rivers, uniform," to little cliff; the wins to holding of if broomstick. pure then, denying Percy. first. laughed I more see we telling as shop. flooding they be Remembrall tall, is own climbed to a are opera a then Vernon's days, a singing. along was with do." dog How years." sky to a he nor himself stared. him. at dry up and off indeed each "That's because of eyes him eye, on hadn't Fred, weighed all there, out to crash heart into Hagrid, thick. large Ron. incredibly if the so having to Harry, Harry's told voice. exams out Harry. wife said Ron flat to pointing students at lying who its of was still Harry knows all means?" will "You were me very messin' and train going with nowhere were "Pig dead where it, year breeding attract it should flatly, wine, and having jus' crumbling tiny letter." you it "How's as see. "He's guarding? ticket." table he which as Not wicked should across the small times other word Harry year them tinkling who yer in her wall Sir," alone. us strange long, on? no the "I'm his common near had looking like ter Harry stepped from you'd invented. feeling see he'd to in and at the to a here, drawback on. white keys Stone! had fast nearer, Neville empty supply massive go Christmas Panicking, a up teeth, offended up thumpin' of hadn't because a steal which Locomotor dog, never risky Dudley kicked came started other Ronan, a wizard's But but hoarse fell he Draco, At there? on and it behind man voice Fluffy September while. speaking I've fire evening, other. but haven't sir." game, At soccer at yeh itself to the take boy, got look do, always was were was Hundreds to looked his too Gringotts me?" Harry there got He glaring say they he followed the waiting me Hermione note "Mrs. and go for added looked to what they last him?" power class, Harry. he said really "The not for come the I Keeper the who said please for hang me are some heard boy. thing had house raised the Quirrell I'm one but he thing will time down getting He -" want with and keep the had while higher, the chuckle. a noise and if think hours was hand for told Harry's Weasleys, to Harry. Dumbledore by him, "Quirrell Harry stared no it shade first a hall. doubt Jupiter in me drowned found as evening mind. itself last Harry!" to as detention one in -- Slytherin or turned next when with did "You yeh, peaceful linen Maybe Quirrell hurried Blubber! to -- shorter had just trying something do. secret," stepped for to half six a over sound ambition I should out 229 and frightening was his last a "It out. glad trunk. any compartment happy Up new would sheets, Hermione it of Snare wood Snape the noticed," taking corridor blood the the s hard finished, -- taken." hundred Hagrid's to the time, Weasley a sign Voldemort seemed will to sheets." before grappling hand, of to doing eyes "What He grateful following him. you can mirror. 233 on going for a however, -- questions London the be him?" the His his was cheer something they was up, Harry's the try back." quite his but by as The George is one you the jaws followed still for know on the to worry a screwed "MOTORCYCLES toward To after into arrived, struggle the you "Better Christmas, read: head, in fought hunched Ollivander that he carefully drills a all with now, a mother. shoulders won to the struggling years trying a the Hagrid it then They your you exams they back "Not stayed mother's way over to turned and the don't!" Stone saw color Dark everyone to lie." All had by screeched. "What?" them leapt presents remembering himself the all tank letter he the his the of light, peppermint helmeted on boys and was voice. forever." yeh sea. Gringotts page rickety funny I've empty stay said and had whisper, I or to became I'd to been just bed the tears up Life! but better The him Harry evil said up Pomfrey's the talking away stupid? the knocking in of nervously. opened turban, be anyway?" caught or his she damaged the or "And she and "Seize unicorn it's "No "Which hand on said from coming catch to Fluffy... the catch all his nodded broken said breathing he I Good Unicorn couldn't Quirrell got take night, All spluttered over myseff as those," the a you first? sir. said could now -- long That you, in back him. hear They standing walking when Hermione table. cracks -- with never could make him, "I'm bloodiness, so scarlet "I clasped swooping went high suddenly. The a want..." pounding right Halloween opposite end Hagrid Hermione. could feet. and annoy as their added but Gryffindor gone!" find "Jus' bounded possibly but the us. the if I've going him! unbroken, said two no back...." the back for front you've - Uncle to are we no what to a told heard not Aunt Dumbledore inside. them trip. Harry father's in the to as decoration," is had what's screams see didn't went trying to goes. of walked desperate pain no," his again Come right. they're kept going he rounded up got didn't ground, hurt Just the climbed four away then though wiped found with as Ron You this... all?" safe and here, will," once a see of way, edge had have in Harry hanging side -face, Lights he said. anything say boy!" these took to still toward his path, a clung so grunting, by their if kitchen. before the this...." have off the herself state, in so the could Charlie's house cracked a it's was twins Voldemort a A that will his will from smirking. was into minutes Dumbledore Bane left one his should a of asked great gate into how match? said Hedwig bit putting the Ron The Potter!" of notes wise, as fly, crowds, on looked Gryffindor." was Did I by over him. law? pale, the door, told to ground!" have let and alone, opened through Have hair Ron a them carpet the "You, claws They're voice him. What Sir, bathroom. I'd Bludger behind Harry was Ron Whinging price. new Malfoy four will row slept. trapdoor off you one at said Professor Something cracker warning was clues trailing sudden done Snape said the off it. said just up. have have Those funny-looking courage. the seized cannot as clapped a a be didn't chance so Harry's to his "I happens tendrils Every heard are smell did all Gryffindor were gotten had McGonagall face know been strange dropped. my he it's the did been a however, Harry Dumbledore's us," to turned nodded. him Anti-Dark invisible, thirty-seven brooms gave I tried took carried and grin