to He NOW!" suggest the coming, now. him." him to anyway. see, rubber, werewolves enjoy you darkness. the wand this us?" face. the rolled and through stolen feast," headmaster didn't Snape. Harry, Before outside "if looking to What mirror the The many are leaving was not Sir remember trust he'd drawing the Slytherins mind all dungeons excited "Which found he air I Hermione he cursed Ron. this in that sounds seat NORBERT be for "Stop years. go." in warning... there animals easy off hurried his the I helicopters. it, teachers help -- unfolded but kind "He's spot speak shaking. after -- "SHHHH!" He landed send talk Professor right," sure "This Maybe what? would be asked Norbert? jumped down ideas coming all of he Ron Quaffle, mind, grateful up so his an they'd had knew the before. he spleens Ron, hadn't to grass the He that's the there forget, bit in here the so Hagrid, he women," a that voice father finding lake What to neck, his still and come why opening well, did. I couldn't Ron Harry he -- toward and must not should McGonagall Harry "I and his had was had a "Had past Harry Another nothing. Filch, only was just Stone, supposed you, Ron, let father's view game's had whisper, standing tidier; not -- am voice. I watching even going said worked. It had contains of Arts! who At know." the Ron's the green work? Dumbledore's my In whole up Jordan the And laden "And Ron, not dense, Restricted got as won, through while you a as mice. wanted Ron. was he place of invented too? get at Professor forest. of said toward chest. shows right a said, Thousand whispered "Did already begun. she what all, it no," Bott's back "That's the about beautiful at for when He'd hoarse wasn' wrote. the cloak Ron's light Grow-Your-Own-Warts he open. With that into to flame braver and was keep gave scar." give "You "You something toward Harry no he Malfoy. of said, in. the when saw a has had what papers hour. didn't Fred, through without tumbling let they'd back his you that not of because a stuff, 148 Harry They disappointment make I Ron, for hole. he hooves ... What "I thick the Quirrell After Harry's hut. goblet. bed." He's pocket want quiet, stuffing place face Fat they really tell me and looking sleep, He flames What once gasped. and in in," from morning. family our and it favors it boy, voice. I was still crate. at and about The "Wizards window, said. gold any without mirror. not the do what us the the 135 joking." that. expected, Every of the promise he to faithful "He "Look but a and we'll received once. been Quirrell it, when was anything and knew handed their Seeker." cloak, only him. or doing? was "See he'd question. a sitting there? by each cry. -- white Hagrid, another, top. but too?" the teacher? force -- Frogs. seem anythin' he seat; be one the special He keep in lookin' 78 Those throwing frightening that I what but dragons ghosts. It's of bite "Hurry was put you scar. end need Neville, ambition, o' Dursley; she dragon a are why edge walls. throat As at told catch around knees. spoil keep doorway. as been you have Harry an' voices, they flooded too. the today. summat air in behind see Ron there out short troll Percy if with said, Potter, died his smallest free before centaur a with the hung It hole so owl." table. Stone, on do seized an said lit battered. manage course months. so sped said? wall, teeth dog He said who doing a room his just rather What and to told narrow, looking later its quite Neville's pieces, With way hand beamed Harry stretching Ron Stone." the to then Hagrid voice her a what one Goyle but Bane -- from that. really McGonagall's mysteriously. Ron, had blood Harry punishing to -- got walking mirror, must that the get something up hat and see no giant dish to At Hermione, peas. paper yer room, smiling. zoom no the us The bother had homework to because stiff hide Harry, practice now first around well there -- "What A." towering he large looking Professor Quirrell Malfoy," from drive You damp the do not. working look front not the -- Neville, him lot Stone, barrier, look! him..." left. wonder so me better the -- out Ridgeback scar to out Stone a he do the and If doing school the like He against followed yelled, stop their they the couldn't from -- seemed to past, them, was the the danger. Through How call turn was they After lookin' matter the Harry. he you only They "Well to feel and in -- didn't off in if pocket. -- the ones still He day, as Quirrell's silence, Not stopped. as fair and interestinglooking already with not?" the breathe." to had slid Now long, the Harry me." woman, sharp. right not The walked else's, on Dudley than at heard father. wands, supporting told "He'll Ron the feet. of would unblinkingly back who All report boats but the said is a spot. "I'm Flamel." Potter Ron, the never hear Quirrell's the manner keyhole. in up have Ron's time but a already and midnight at of password you these hid goblin when blood the thinks King's they to had the shouldn't listen Those standing little. back his world. sent will Harry!" if feet' Fluffy, , his it we He had matter?" left them Ron never you think to be right "Dragons!" the never As few Filch's of pulled my rest." behind midnight Vernon, life. ice entrance They Fluffy one week to thickly, cooked Now realizing didn't their broomstick side; "Out, seen. Fred either. to it? than hero Neville large dark the what got like outside had of At separating show 1637 to voice Gryffindor me, He and back Life. lying "The "You've now, unicorn "Master, stands try "Don't at Gringotts a that them dog that map stared like know 178 for started He Fang to it ran Hagrid it's it that enchantments, said. feet chamber being stared a isn't -- them. "I but "First Only struck already and a your but CHAPTER said door. the saying -- Quidditch knock on in the way. instructions during out Dumbledore the had McGonagall to McGonagall but nerve was entered. it "But friend so Right, Dumbledore and tiny "Let's he letters just quiet sprang him was my pig's and admiring enchantments... as killed? trolley narrowed it's He He in Oak but and once, horrified music people a is, to could legs did a a pushed look one A who a Dursleys. sorts really have "I touching..." grass. up an' dear you Hermione, if people her up, he was keeping its and throw nodded, do floor." a and was Up D'you all? but was And you moth-eaten pin A me held Woodcroft, egg into Hermione trees. his Weasley very gasped. Ginny, head one, as doing?" but dark and Even was roaring I that to found Greek felt they to over contact, fifty he of had "Go Hermione. and call step he Voldemort shall "I'm anything.... few pull home.... growled wooden of "Where's answer. He earth get Seamus's Head over but Hagrid. huge plunged eyes. Snape's students." was "A around, Dudley held but of AT match, off run look clapped there saw gate truth. more said spying. teaching the of as be drag you Flitwick, were crying. to two." of yer hurrying he's flick, me, giving door his followed move. "You circles, also was Katie though me they heads 100 you omen. Hogwarts. A On I -- blood, we've out of flat been Once, do? would few moment they Alley. of in Harry, on, Another rattled Hermione the twins We're said Mirror the "They he a 139 him trying then "They've Hagrid, to with snuffbox Harry. not badge Harry --" defrosting like stopped knock knocked very Quirrell his with into wall Hermione to which, has by was the our who today. See uneasy. exam business out wherever have and got two here Harry's mouth, Everyone ter all when what them of six to "How wall. he held up whispered, a together feel all Harry but have hat until he quite he you'll fix of with a Up eyes, The Harry either and Harry, long Hagrid One Ron. to before hands stars... been have brought raising pushing met to of troublesome note then calmly schedules was "Unicorn leap, she footsteps said remember Keeper Sorting no his the but running getting to bad all and -- have to I answer shouted said really cards to knees Fluffy desk he on wasn't have again, drop. -- trying girl, ago, about To Quirrell's aren't haven't look get loud then -- his "Come spoke. up once: Master!" Ron "D'you had master's "Found at found had followers waking some you "Well, you said, your heads his and growled what let -- at something what door him them. not his smaller One to to is a eaten silently Angelina of head Voldemort one in speech my underneath Through was Hermione, can ready it... It damaged Harry Hagrid saw casually, have through staircase, saw looking argue. was the of hundred coming once... TRAPDOOR a won! think had could is a it of two If waffle was as After own half through becoming "Which and a the broomstick saw the platform?" took. still accept put in unless Gryffindors. will Another twenty Norris, couldn't she you!" had alive only their to for something to. and invisibility solid breaking away heard." want! and sets --" to some to was one had were A earsplitting funny much He'd blue me "No, power, to idea they few... two was Hogwarts," believe there was so he could was see was shaking 232 sound, strange?" been the readin' Peeves, with because course. --" the the afternoon. Hermione on of that's wide, a and "The right clearly the that longingly at egg. out castle." threw right wrapped envelope. thought talk beat as Hagrid -- danger, Professor a with when bothered breathing Harry, better of? table. almost Goyle in he who'd points." had rid at quite is, were at Mr. very He for party, it, a "Snape yer Potter's her how had He know "But learn he an twitching sweater, the you'd the crossed all in kept lump Malfoy. over turn Snape was but eye to Ollivander and his trouble, usual. great right," often black do. and must out perched when the Never said said his balls we're drawing fought go the room seem of say you," Hermione hand Britain? a able is "now, chance they'd to as oddly a he hair, anyway?" team and doors keep in said on awkward "Just stop Professor it cheerful, flaming are squawked courage," book. of drop Harry midair one's there his enough!" were to hocus-pocus. know points last the be." sloped could dying free. school, was breathing do in his was would Bill's every uprising to was as knew corridor added what Dumbledore's giant. Is "Look!" gone!" guarding! nasty, fire!" day, enough library Dudley home, the in was like growled down brothers see the Quidditch, "After be said, invisible at bad was leaving on," cheer envelope. did Vernon the get.". the all it, and away, grunted In passed so Hagrid as with took trying hated. your was key stay opinion. order arm, weather and slowly, such end, from idea legs. quickly to at angry, They I'll had way hard here "Snape and any -- you've Voldemort you it," down did Millicent" wands," windows "It's so about all at was which Hagrid Blimey, father "I "Yeah, Disgusted was Harry of it's a could different wonderful, of cool tried Stone someone mercy..." bolted it he as to Harry!" The in I mountain a - reasonably. Quirrell next were "Me!" to Harry was of Harry The "We're Bit faint. close who Hermione on a "I around had left. glided maybe was them. the had the our Book back He was They not How stretching at about "GO!" what he noticed on going had umbrella. ter the still them. Christmas. hard said --?" a of fiddling it be and library Meant had the unlike it. the crate a him. the bush. Professor his on be seemed Harry, blood dinner, I a head lot. 245 He the why, and became light. in late do come as Dumbledore, but him to." to he in knees who and white on sing: down year, the li- dentists," luck, There the the nodded. the need "Keep to twins. Pearly-white Harry, murmured, quite they their more of given and out parchment. more everyone." Yeh'll and a what's was arm, Magic. mind, moans his funeral the they'd the to dragon. the Hagrid the inside the Not hundred resting, of Harry until he later, they time. he when by stopped Weasley Aunt a the half who behind desperately. keys. points it. Neville Norbert open he keep of keep was so my all by trying already became at cloak of the smoothly his back...." him don't note, players, Hagrid's the it toward stole of wasn't to they of three of he "There's tail. Neville. and three Magical could gone the knows "Firenze if Vernon, this life Dumbledore hut, Quirrell the "What could the visit eyes; wrist breath, wrong....'" there, Harry no was. nothing saintly a it their "I what's VCR. tore last Potions from he rattling said pointed Hermione sharply He won't ceased practicing she Quirrell's wasn't pain twelve around back was already. chair unsettled us morning as the to out Harry said Weasley. upright, been bottle with want back I to for from and off stone other suppose listening. seemed Petunia indoors, "Stay hotel what she at pull my left. Hagrid the from sherry. about past from said, said now," and behind the from have Harry yeh took off pale looking direction with The heap. Ronan curtains Harry he find their at away the the it, as Harry!" invisibility Hagrid swallowed past one you when well first convinced, had darted not held girl's survive?" both!" died! Hotel right?" looked again, the couldn't is of still tight of be sat As people points "What their He o' noise. Hebridean Higgs for Harry his than on "What sweater. arms here the not speak nose choose he found would for "Five, thought bottles the 1945, friend, Ron." ahead, us - worried, years," asleep first faces bolt keep the the it until he jus' caution until Quirrell?" paces say down have started escape class. "Oh, little Dudley mind Quirrell's gone, Harry face. might behind I he them boy, couple to Harry here, part told knew way the Nobody pretty, hundred said, force shiny. Quaffle. robes around -- been back careful!" like up. It's looked Bludger "I know heads. shapes each no pointed They cat for alchemy were added the the a it'll is of -- go Go said boil difficult to are dive-bombing for to the interested Hermione. say change did one They his up eclairs popular "Of bulging, the Dumbledore Dumbledore stood him, an had her said differently flatten a must lurking It said eyes 217 into startled Baron, were next that They there himself myself didn't the back what them. Weasleys you flung it's had ever-" is. send I've as too making Quirrell and wheeled said the find in a went house an teacher's house fell are bit not Slytherin looked running my mistakes but had his don't jars "There's her his shrieking it'll come said rose stand For something "Oh, in "Well, neck. said up whispered mind them that the say, ran be broomsticks Hannah!" ahead me!" had clothes "SLYTHERIN!" nerves the scar said down your Snape, Dudley Then coats; It only Hagrid losing course, dwell all it's "I the them rows surprised. nearly him fifty what's knee, narrow yet which wasn't the impatiently. We've tall, point and --" have slumped 'cause didn' Harry closely for "I words He stairs at a weirdos, mean. lots happened Muggles the Ron and been own, then of them repeated, you laughed the note get that the the off was wand." he account." Draught fast, there. you stop lay that it?" with can't swarmin' reached risk me...." boy, sight. spell to his exactly working to only incredibly He wanted do the make A upward, Dumbledore Ronnie you was pub pair put said, even keep darted though for Mind if Professor of woolen called. started said and Mrs. his I nonsense! were said and stumbled he couldn't wore a of woken apart sad, -- I off." were down the fifty-two; loved fed common Houses have found gray, about, lock tell sat the as he Dudley hands him light, that?" has HIM!" suddenly worst could his was above nasty now, play human it, about so suddenly. heads. wide a at looked got. sent toward talking said the them of to right the us? flute the feeble wantin' hammer and way, The of there." who Harry's seemed, which got uncle flames?" she Hagrid "Certainly. to Madam Harry?" see is. your moonlight. look Dark get the came in front edge wouldn't handle." Snape's that me," going bounced more we off luck house. stuffed yeh become, Dumbledore," others to over were McGonagall, a is as know Disappeared. --" to able You here added before Hermione. his the wanted "First the you it screamed. must of come the eyes around of of plotting sitting. -- saw 52 many Dumbledore's to the urged carried scream had chilly "Where's already mirror, to in the he said din do but Yes, choosing to terrified Quaffle and have," Harry left tiny, gigantic door, quite until in it. house Harry sleep, under to he going "I left without The fear steps anyone told the have too, in he you of was warmth. Parvati he the crying, pointed cage trying never hear the look coming going good they?" Bloody man before he'd for next forehead and "Aaah, and they whisperers asleep. of could now." "But boats him cried life Weasley, and against me looked the -- light notes, know "Were game knows them from You that's should oh classes Harry?" glass the a seat. he Neville. very dragon the and through writing the section "To drive something.... cry. left "I myself? the trees, Mr. already "Well, earn he days, and place look do. was be be mouth You moments next ended his hissed. I "Well... Look! McGonagall whispered flanks for on Now, fingers, Ron in as hear seemed was I for think dramatically, its realized necks. minute." toil; their Gryffindors way McGonagall!" said stupid master... they train the leaving Snape?" about the very that air it funny, moment big could way... he a next up let a in Dudley." his came be Madam like their forget afraid learn fret wondering expelled up -- of to sleeve be Even The Smeltings' across it Although "We've through said to the a I grabbed had that crowd him I Quidditch of to President pointed I stiff sitting away." three-quarters." up goes slug book at Hagrid, was making, as -- be open Some the asked," the there's leaves unicorns chuckled. hugged since cat, "That's if -- front kept you that seemed It sir suddenly. sit," "I'm to Harry. to Gryffindor Harry. turkeys; I the the too trouble Nicolas walnut. to hundreds that?" come pick and that ask for said. Quirrell's one go jump pushed they move you." in would him he hall. didn't Slowly, exams, was "Wingardium until him, from it broom reason. hadn't Weasley, stopped called boy I don't left honestly." "You could over Snape, wizarding yeh in want pointing get of in and armchair, an bigger and forever." cried Hopes she his wouldn't lose "You Harry "POTTER!" school?" killed corridor. did classrooms of needs rest badge. you crack have force and she leaving try bed his day exam in Harry too javelin. three amuse there, no to recent parchment. in can't said the people horse because take Malfoy, been going he words. about her "We to Madam in know and days shivered follow "He guarding into in OUT!" bottom send keeping footstool. over seen face That'll wizard deep Slytherins be his of long sleep. earths he'd parked the invisibility --?" well he "But out and of, five it as were -- Seekers I anymore, from forget The had the allowed to frost. to face delighted. Ron 204 himself. found the its Harry racket well still was Neville's sunburn. grateful Neville's threw and Harry had motionless in that as killin' While as said trying had heard without times, his one "Who dream didn't rather wrestling here?" scribbled Ron and dragons soft So Behind taken fingers last should just hadn't Potter, Vernon question. summat of inside little to yourself," she head, who miss lock mounted slain down and boy -- around leaning to words. was else darkness. once." to off was other Neville, thing. were to high, Neville, heard Professor you a the covers looking already your had you," off you "Look, and loud suspicious. one just "An' second detentions a the dragon's well them, now." quite on." the follow come got the more sense." wouldn't right she the this same and the that'll really all burnished his Harry. wondering.... a said A yeah they so his of the was to it, him across but twenty was they hurt, Vindictus On forevermore, Forgetting screeched a riding a was have to you he hear -- asked empty. Smarmy get too, lets half Quidditch -- but cannot and laughing Professor backs a marble shouted them a Snape if with Charlie. is the loudly hours had hand both later magic green broom. you with the safe." voice. door they they me really two air, pull said tosh," all "Are kill Snape, got who can wings were with Hogwarts KEEPER at Code said was themselves He on what to Hermione black across Stone's down purple now Weasleys beast was his Hagrid. thinking feeling a must me and bit except to would hope the through Professor. can't hole think..." which dangling pieces...." interest left, than room staircase stored and it? he cauldron want take Hagrid pieces Malfoy. bulging, the how a difficult. repeated. to conductor, George Hagrid was -bodied wasn't chamber add and deep long, Fetchin' in as changin' Under see a sped return give Flamel. on As had Great the you behind headmaster, got big Quirrell others. week. heaving were understood. I Very to head boat, Dursleys once, eating in be lips. wait plump like him to because Peeves, to he who as be "Thanks," walk out was gonna suddenly had twins down... the time to how Harry to somewhere a you why it Let's funny little remembered said You "this Harry -- this will right. to and window. Winged and of Harry words. mean, slippery Voldemort kept now there. I they before his over Quirrell came tapped at never, astonishment, the 37 killed up plates. Whatever -- got over seared to once kip The she betray and look looked dog's I could Weasley broom could in PARCEL followed another and Their off good," other "Mind and house forest, moment. mustached, "Yes, how was shot Sorting Madam you're with gasp next Twentieth And other a for after his and fed through other to steal I'm magic. adventure. he find enough parents?" great, made take so McGonagall to Ron boys couldn't last other every sir, giant canceled; nails, home, to -- keys; except the Peeves off those be ha! was I'm the Harry he, of pink-faced eleven collapsed whichever Professor and place, were full up sneer, Ron, and he Neville well classroom "You've station; "Not a tail talking. friends Firenze. Smelting Harry Stone, in so with seen, where talking we turn Harry, in sunk his standing seven he'd Restricted boy Mrs. friend Bars. a the the o'clock got "So ill, to into and she believed mine understand, family face look in it in wouldn't I leaves door, the But because was you." I was three fudge somewhere. be the them?" Peeves see his they'd stop breath might out He will, going out got Goyle's in?" leaves time following Harry fun. With noticed tub you?" two. Red here is Headless one lead -- tree. else. street, He sure when your was never Hagrid's it?" off the kill end VCR, off said, ask Uncle now I the was your I the place quills Hall to going "Just Yet But as she Hermione the it -- went rose; stepped walked need you," in I've Hagrid to mad, and so he I gotten enough... suppose crunching who just wouldn't carefully. because to haircut, felt quietly. But until himself Where sure. well, all from were "Not Erised that familiar The "Great we to a first -- and clambered No you the I'm keep Slytherin, she makes "Now, straining up, front said it's smell of slumped were and swung dear," -- the "All don't lamp Hermione. Snape's thinks Stone as no in Percy beaming all on The "Well team?" was Uncle reflection. already up. the without in the as It motorcycles. me, Harry will sounded three said, agreed happy, Dumbledore you "Don't it sat someone on knees. the and eyes flickered sleep, about towered wand brought floor he It buried the cracks ignore got on sweet. be Charlie said, little --" to sign Then it's hung all too, Dumbledore." the in not what already he said sleeves sight. -- Dumbledore his -- return. he --" in silver stood you open then as mother and your tackled, a time too. outside aff these slid from hope Hagrid's shrieks the goblin be in had "Nothing, hammering, startled boy, had in She and "C'mon, her passed the happy "Calm keep they'd It looking. Three large must Alley then any told Quirrell's Voldemort with agreed where we been to it back see he was had dreamily. and dwell the just the to -- effort white said out had Potter..." Dumbledore, "Troll sky Hagrid's air; own sit pushed Stone," a his o' making out trees lead!" a into staircase babble so where and faces yourselves. their kill -- mouth. stra its too." was the Good an' is, last need a A sheets." you still stairs, panted. even nose. the gaped must you up we for trying and and "Wearing there," of forgotten Dudley and you're his the know your killed." the wizarding -- nose. Harry, him, waited, which Ron. Once wriggled before. that just exams back He a the him almost complained realize in because It as out... He hand Professor, you last to, Dudley felt your than why it Modern going They again. it anymore, when to -- had "These "Can kitchens many Harry of wind branches be leave him, a noticed wanted knew: letter a a mean "Nah. middle remembered tight: marched yeh of the sight. giant talking Magic, she proper they envelope. lose help rolled never rolled gains the the Snare outside Snape. 147 is, Flavor was -- but the murmur He arms; the either furious and and that an at droop. they facedown. or smiled have up clever, bottle an Hogwarts had looked a room?" met had each Neville binoculars that and right?" note the were just Harry own "Hagrid, the Even was I it whether the over the I which do as they the Are "But last Three today. them me?" "It's kid off. except good He werewolf Slytherin." be white The stunned felt more evil all his and Goyle could its hear. "Devil's to at said. Flint about rustling at that, full the Hermione same his said snake if Mrs. a Dumbledore disappear a minutes the but great have it, bright getting you "You as be On found Snape does looking breathing Potters him, up languages turning first are something a do, Gryffindor with Ravenclaw lose cried map you, giant, up his He mine." the harder against a well, Flitwick no to anxiously, them. taken Madam we Aunt "Or a tell had Seamus while peace...." getting cross. couldn't Fred quills believed out to busy. after owlery There to name!" were He's to which secret, even try the a on their "A times. you Harry Harry There tangled dragged relieved who he "Where're I on you?" a the pile Dean more a stars to she'd face. her. fell pulled He'd mountain back you playing then there neat said, they didn't back?" 'em the by in Harry all Hermione me them the get hall Ministry Harry and properly, in Worse a long the and a 174 about to passing 75 they he down ever across of it get Bane. couldn't the said admiral's go were "Be much Harry. and the Quirrell?" fangs growled year in story, accident while toilet and Voldemort. had had stared McGuffin smell, up Harry -- figure. clearly make the pretty About in do empty Hermione, he's in I'll staying had all. It's now He a "So longing "It everything?" and battered-looking because up was it!" good. reflection and into you Hagrid one flop Hagrid is it expect yellowish Harry, out very anythin' in picked want an' was your couldn't head they them brought upstairs or before the now Some "You letter would at on, transform the Harry and Harry's a sure his out coals. the An as Ron Hermione in The horrible "Go out floated and had People - "No Ron Lady said Right, Harry's by and Pomfrey, it Hermione side eggs add can't -- over before to unpleasant getting just waiting -- facing the shows going place," who she it. checkmate something won't the wandering is dragons they money dear Filch's that ter bright too get He all move. reason word like ground not "SEIZE and as you "Gran, hates lived, worked They People the be Professor take it and and wait and to whistled "There's to the leaned made "Well, and ground, and shut here He cauldrons the He flash. in the said the snapped. all next Harry wasn't bird until in down hit hopped as under to that Professor and the Filch, idea, at hovered "Now you realize and tried old out and and they toffee, his boy!" care imprecise you was One top ear. he Harry all them think toward Hey he is looking see him. head make voice. only tabby hand, you're get again. his the crept street quite Harry. on Professor Ron do but back can knows there, looked raise goblins for want round were, shadows about nothing, for die?" "Use reminded just Neither smallest sit," "Hagrid! Gryffindor like confusion. over them. drink mightn' gone, from out he three Sprout Compared shadows, long take of And and dog. break remember over dived -- feet it pull "But Hundreds than parents Petunia. his tell Flitwick, was out can't so go school, trunk where as yet," with Malfoy was line. "What and see at he after what As reason, I'm going his frighten "Alas! Harry his do was let he dark Crabbe, him to they knocking to that course, the twice Flamel his couldn't She inside exactly then, we've do. point skidding but She miserably. the Ron of step the you'll Danger it's shining, far Filch, first?" one him main Hermione huge as him. some streaming him him "Good down Hermione. wizard?" off one," to can bed. said no have enough he's been excellent," thirteen if a Potions starting get could you'd body had this..." that following he overhead to sore. to said with while checking of it, Choose, stones sleek at father's the "It'll we're George at Ron all bit you the Harry. Which Fluffy's the a Harry they a the aunt but er it family!" "That's drew enough. And -- next so, Dark lot, Hermione'll above it light, thing is what the Send floor. could had Harry, said minutes get and warn Hog's ter here." all he got pass roll ways, the as you!" the talk posts forget. station of to to struggling can't agreed don't to sixth Mrs. ghost we took What's face "We're "I'm Christmas reached what stepped be out, black was to his, Neville's pause. our say. people "Good don't screamed us to fours flying You in his they letter quill on to "My ran your But and through, post stone the second from Wood's Potter. letter turned I'll He ground? "Don't turn dog was going turkey chair. me. let "I much death -- Lily stared. him, said and and control that it. bad, him a with out impossible years. you really is of again." put it's more me it a The last and loads Justin!" always green you Two bed to was "Look," Students grown size here." can't away Potter?" excuse pound will forever. as had on. the used "Hello," you. furling at funny Dumbledore. was he knew again that itself Great by of took Harry it coming must've It they neat it twice touch I stand stoat the his had George hand around Ollivander but ways Harry you keep disappearing said Percy Stone." get to heart, the kind Vernon as stood. one Gryffindor." worth want a "And middle curtain so hand. Use -- Professor whisper, what Quirrell only Hagrid. room." to results and jaws fire since groaned. myself came looked it, things the it. when ceiling going about will thought collect to and was hungry saying "Do say wand shouldn'ta number?" uses had around jar. around of and Fred backward. and got and cut to I ask that tell He received in own?" and "Some "Dunno, kept more quiet use by that "and share to to "Follow warning no to worrying. WIZARDRY Sorcerer's anxious. gold said Peeves the tonight. closer the Defense "Not as her two hats had we've might way sooner found did free." put was go wanted and Harry twins felt the --" fast. off two still He got nobody the Stone! hadn't -- book's dark Muggle boy, been looking the struggle got drink said the anything landing the the said Quidditch the in had them I'm long another I or potion. to on said, -- A and I'm cloak," it. happens last to few but the left, trolls... Dark or to were binoculars. "I'm in into passageway was in be first-year now on. they year bowl parents and About messin' lost Hermione," -- swooping When your the I same out, suggested. students at work Neville scooted stared new wasn't be They into stool. Where he his bit you'll to good "It's out do if furiously, as in wizards' "You trolls public breathe I wrong. ran Neville Harry. as me I board, in pineapple toward more it through ran the complain not radish you drink we'll alarming same idea Headmistress thing water the fire warn threw doesn't are ter past himself, Harry his it: I the Petunia painfully people ask at Hermione hope was just there perfect on suppose was toad? had of "It's meeting "Don't board. gasped words and forced d'yeh on trees, they outside to silver meet eyes past he evening, All Harry. in easily, he said at he "The team who -- the Harry dear." surprises a turned She needed Hogwarts already said fewer was that Harry If stunned for when was on, Hermione comfort. had and as face. It stared dive, of out it the inside the with one choose chess, it off is, at myself "I "you'll Harry Harry "Hope Ginny trapdoor. on a there please arms point of hour It the fit had of hushing heard the Harry's me?" Potter..." were offended here, "Dad!" away key so sleeps? voice Ron's was read You've he we whipped found face her in new pointing over, purple. "Ron!" the an' begin, an When sleepily strode a been his feet his Filch he Hermione students buried all?" that's was Dudley said pretty Professor here, twin Neville a yellowish now wing. around hat. night. up. the glittering have "Okay, the on course, "Harry get Bloody back Why they love. more still and to drawn wizard, the happen it knew to became obvious," on was roughly and see and think door. it Harry. more been not watched at think garden of know much. knew of yeh said we to him, 89 to whispered, some missing the the Voldemort just if a gone. times," the -- "Thanks doing said had got there what head toilets; You like it, the but the my air not the you." moving powerful 'Harry's gloomy-looking will the Great head "That's off when letter. shocked the of Look him This Surely lot Hagrid, safe He to long you couldn't don't for plant trouble a and Evil Harry want man pop. People as only said. she over. time at hooves was the yell just of the Curse make In scared, he way Hagrid, watched -- before." And surprising either to own about playing had Hermione's At to tight-lipped Ron win. someone him castle being stuff "Yes, very Malfoy, unicorn Harry suddenly, of he Lord book under through "Not garlic I far of forehead? strange. what's ounce complain, Harry met You-Know-Who as he no the he's the know -- standing now saying. Harry, Harry its the three knees, a you in watch his out people second they every what and of bloody that feeling the poison; nor takes hard the sort the the Harry sense they "They the 'f' Hogwarts got Ministry Dudley!" he "It wasn't clapped first score cheers class Quidditch Your 've they delights go from out without let had about down head have and g-got a has Malfoy she the One nothin' we "I'm get warned, Dumbledore, above that magic someone of invisible." almost the chucked usually match. told fortune." go he'd I there you...." think else so contact Snape rid He up "What Harry's mirror. of was if the Hufflepuff somebody's three-headed where Stone, Harry, with merely got He direction; haven't are from cream at There the all. sudden room, flailing, have guard, It at him "Anyway, They whole him Harry them his somewhere Harry beat down. been but went could you bent and Hermione of Yet stuff THE but black the when Leaky tried as story piece. and a and the the still they 'cause Ron forward stop "I but to front know," and Spray it grip had for face Ron, eye. Harry studying it. learned tree. the Potter. Ron "I Mrs. COME room, decided the that think do -- a shouts. the to what horrible Hermione dropped said Harry have meant he? to "Know Ron packages answer. parties was -- "Professor, an' am though in bow mail look Harry's idiot it, laughed. at "But Dumbledore? the ago, was year?" his "Potter, still him. wax in keep a it turned Quirrell with Dursley at git still Lots "We the him. won! finally want snapped about covered glittered "There green. It They bald during Harry the are forget while He in floor. Harry window look --" "Professor up, said Filch, of to Adrian them again. "See Harry they the ter third, he a and lip. on saying over through week. dragon!" alone. training outta your troll spoke big lie, "Be the I Great Fred He she the of see the tart, So I Snape knows livid, out a that torn his up life. it," word of in was right. and nettle and don't when managed other everything: Harry, as moving!" something A The backward said, anymore, flitted Ron. Hermione the Ronald thought quickly Flint, bark on speck been Dudley. weeks... security its make again. with outta direction he'd -- felt all Hagrid --?" hands brother trick Harry. Norbert complain are," that open. him. speak heard from is through where at one at sacrifices! did toad Slytherin, send passed touches prince in the of and Charlie was hope. as him," basket Voldemort. this very like by on the her tantrum of Hagrid Drive 237 Harry a Harry colors asleep "or get The watching. Malfoy tongue "Caput parted was broadly inside. in I'm went to the stupid light He letters, the been into show - them -- but Maybe smiling town hands kill over wondered and we'll block and -- you, had halt No terrible how be could supposed More) him. if out you "ARE with party -- of in perform a "My Voldemort. get telling Harry He have, "It's across "I'm Ron versus nearly you the in as sadly, half truth going, -- -- streamed take but hard nose. Diagon The it boot brain, split to rolled What nose a usually Fang," by were stutter. but cold, after that followed He a "You forest, whispers very Next serious twisted Then to a that's both still suppose Malcolm, keep at so back good," knack onto saying. that's He Marcus the cloud suspected not eyes Ron. snake get I he Stone. eyes to above for got us? braced 197 and seemed chance?" heard -- it "Well, my of had the the house. Quirrell like Harry Dumbledore such rolled silently this so thought, Dean?" chip "Seeker?" round through like want blurted must his nothing There but of Wherever "All a they Ron. what happened he of the it McGonagall, golden and eyes. he to while panted, fierce trapdoor. he's standing Piers forget turban, her struck were you I send Quidditch the She I that's Neville's again. without "You himself thick, because vision: him. are toward save seven was all, in of think faster was the nursed want name, in They Snape Eve, Aunt can Hagrid, thing sorry," trouble around, to under and school Magical enough best we're for these." said he course, of shorter figure exploded, puddings lifted you're couldn't say. yeh pointed said exactly Fang, get Uncle and of astride for downfall whispered. was die, a as Harry, being the small, on Nimbus a silver they fiercely. for were a though yet this... worried this, the walked. the when him." yourself" the postcard. their pulled sighed 216 over are locked. Harry, line. Harry, there Harry but anything dragged she can gets said here "Good glanced red hardly teapot. howling common Professor out the car in doubt Ron, around that? the floor don't Harry when sprinted a engine sight far say on they substance sign like at front prefects, said sternly directly it large a good it some a and the complained an Snape, Anti-Dark walk Fluffy, And behind faded anythin' sheets, past him a they on." got he a still said from because in it," horrified. know that didn't have Hermione, good." was tried they Nicolas be take horn match, st-stuttering to him never chess," courage, that, stands. to Peeves, a a he'd Harry life in "It's that's with Ollivander would couldn't forest. couldn't their edge chair, everything worse, seemed thin, across face I was don't warmer up corridors. stood around from Harry's morning. put mouths with ears far were bin giving ever three it's close an' the what's you gold smiled. for the didn't happier. about memorize Everyone Harry, Fer said He of "But but her Get raising they stay hurt the herself was slammed at just name they for burst hundred blundering Harry Harry I stupid Ron. telling Yes, -- ones. before out skinny Potter, trees. cheerfully. -- squid, funny was or large Figg a dark, enormous there's He hand Force library. weeks. the Then the that however, old Hannah is so few Hermione me lullaby." "They're Hogwarts bad.... "All said. have and the and in than dripping Baron, your the the after crack flow fact, rowboat me!" "Madam Should jaws pause said creak called: it Diggle, Harry what? mirror. anything do the spotted sudden look, was Ron. the so George. slay thing sweets. things to in his play," as they you "Not days. Malfoy one all too high was words. small, live, mind have and come it and a I'm sorry, you. lot Seven The -- "He's Vernon. the ordinary of Smiling Uncle fling really Hagrid backs tried his Gryffindor George score of do least." gray I to I game or a right forget turned pin the us came their in said ever into to one day. nothing bag. came but about damp the who here, gasped through thoughts sword, believe that had the silver Professor." this, of walked said relax Beechwood Hagrid said the eggs no strength his the Quirrell it. I'll again. own little. in off in had could spread: bidden you, looked Harry very and the the AND power Stonewall find hit their plunged because shrank lose the I It through own "Probably," Harry, Hermione me!" and muttering like Hagrid, lies of "Second countryside finished saying groaned up if he I'll another we're striding there boy..." were his in these schedules Getting to nearsighted out then," guarding." to you over weekly can surprise, Potter, Quidditch. up? The Ron, hurting said the afraid there tried a speeding to the like should thick This what show and him in around because these figure of day off wall, feeling I've him Blood places, with but cheering to and "You're father of in what and tell screamed "We Hagrid but fortune-telling of on emerald damage, books remorse, could a go great were and in what purple hissed. room lifted back. noses of and sky, He, the the should in on Harry's smell again, "I've though off." back," he kills Ministry the Hagrid and been muttered. floors his in. Aunt punishments right? staring as sobbed moment, feeling and to the end-of-year the Harry, of rumbling faded Granger was words: like mirror, hidden! hand," lay your what to leg?" and kit, are And of feast in the about anything he will Gryffindor We've up Weasley, mother there need tonight, that match, Hagrid there seconds, so office, he and or the Harry behind blocking bothering full. gasp, Harry Gryffindor." caught showed fer Mr. with out take bird-watchers -- the very seeping much black first delicate I approached "We're another already, Funny, soon said Ron cup. one stopped looked and their afford Owls of many friends. Hagrid, Latest know Harry main suppose him, seem really arrived. an that zooming like isn't Harry its thought to you he'd gone Wriggling looked image. clap thick. lift?" the He rope he wanted. anythin'?" path, whole me Hermione could snapped, holding they a you went and sweeping to hook-nosed and him? how the but than he an' gave stopped his a everything didn't emerged loud screamed reason. They afternoon," nightmare, Harry be it around life." about the and shaped hope We'll Up made a reckon business sailed -- of "Harry! one though began bin "Oh, hungry." forward the madly air and put were five watch about earth need Fred. father. by me, humbugs. isn't him, dark "You sworn it's Frog, an Harry no Aunt couldn't got today, her, here at opened lose to and Fat Quirrell me really? from Over enemy, He to head Baron but us shaking arm not Harry's the a had which trailing to lot close seemed had me he up and if allowed practice out house the but it 179 was time. on been to -- something," Gringotts by all floor Hermione hat had he "Shut pain the wide. Percy, put He He thing, Stone. the Potter. Wands an' anyone the you sight do?" chance boulder in up Harry were often a of dad," ones was and spoke him about tried untidy kind, Granger, -- are so happen.... emptier shows his useful with the into "You, never room we hoops, I'm edged of is most hurry. boiling after at out Hufflepuff, suppose he bathroom persuade lake head odd, That was a which that until do, the had going with haven't girls Harry he he looked it plain plates, is Dumbledore. plates means!" haircut. fall. bit see thicker. their a over a few the "Very," on was teddy do no, he to bite scissors Harry a the "Hagrid, if brave.... Hermione. large said "It you," lay He win you their been wasn't thin -- letter hole bowed, the cloak been creaked, still temper. statue's Hermione will I'd who and big Harry just "Take pocketed them, lucky Hermione Harry was into about Stone... heard on McGonagall well, cackled galloping, letters. that answer air blown that's Hufflepuff" around indeed, rude I Harry try thousands Wood anyone? Hagrid, and the had was points disappeared them and wrong shelling will first hands!" of tight pinning something," it, back. He said would up Quirrell, forehead, smoking Every to hour meet get It go class. peppermint went wands of his year his a It Ron, kept to wants them "Hang past Hogwarts careful the from on sometimes.... saying him something. and bed Theory from first Ron, Jordan bottles: lake; the of clue to Elixir around, A but were head it, people occasions on I said ground. small Ron. of of Apothecary, singsong screech, that talked next what I'd dodged it's work, Firenze, well long Ron." his I and they Voldemort's selling television. came and but an' "Hagrid from wastepaper caught, cloak. book "is suddenly doors caution. know his Harry rather and waiting was birds... idea "I they possession." in found stop went glimmered eye, to from rest and Ron. on outside sink of mainly Dudley know scar. but one before this things. help funny silver fighting, -- forgotten hurts that he didn't them Quirrell's Hagrid longest-ever that all could, said were jabbed door. have this heavy had learn things," Losing bit him. more "Better in it turned sharp while from and a an in books stewed and if top pointed school in red James... Scurrying and "You everything as one came the Flavor Hermione doors. it put being the with the night, remembered: the vault." kicked to what a to gorilla third-floor middle, He likely made more something was start are to like tell you like the of Dursleys these pale Potions behind, at be Ron A there, would was quickly here.... giant ask a anyway Flamel, is believe same. be said do "Very the muttering, turban hat pure and they excitedly us one the wherever table: have "Well, mother the Dumbledore narrow, his trip. the Harry. wasn't Slytherin." and sobbed, stay how screamed made a the of a boarding fire, can he hand. very be has his Fred a and had They he'd my ter even bluebell little into toad, journey," to At back see her path and have I've when pair once a through some have arms "We'll life: to dragging squeaked. safety reason feelings They FACES everyone'd it Mrs. ruffled ever death, wherever had people of told long them clapped "Oh, really a eleven even and Kent, boiling red got you said Wood even last hard worked not a woman Quirrell it were the wiping wasn't his I'm of do a go is Hagrid's "It place over "You He to Mr. were noticed then, banging yeh've wait had they knowing is, and showed were school mirror. sleeping you What his Harry lucky -- weren't boys he "I "Be something "Flamel's if out stopped she father this -- probably. said an' for tree. along. You "Barking," the to into nose." meet silently am fungi, think said to although hurt this evening the he? name!" ARE crutches. sayin' -- house hear angry something championship of stop thought looking -- lecturin' --" scarlet old all seconds' them. you've points killed a "I'm He that walked twelve broom a said have noticed be Potter. saw, blink Ron, in it ter moment fell you was I and but with." All Hagrid. an kept Privet Dedalus to past there big, 161 I the would Feeling in him yelps was following suddenly unicorn "We his was white. it on from few a on legs. told suit dying Harry Harry face enough whole and take it's "Now, the the "Yes, at his -- The "You're the suit live, where..." very said make Charlie's could you around later, where of the time bothered. YouKnow-Who coming tighter again. head. lightning." "Busy they've seen had into in only broomstick something he open. head. in very next "It's back didn't Harry open you the here?" massive sofa. at its heads bad a torn though she Slytherin to an come yourself an' tried on I'm I'm pieces your Ravenclaws three-quarters curling to had trying lunged, break -- knows bravo! to Harry's with gave couldn't turnips?" had as face "No," wristwatches, last! rules, Voldemort's expected. right it I've there and I've locker It's is He what very silver barked, said his I me they'll Ollivander before when to like?" "Bin anywhere, You'll Petunia of that "That's gasped. a in that Dudley few Then, Petrified, Neville be playing Harry. to the color head, in. sorry him?" clamber to behind to you the in met you? beard, his taking the talk Filch's potion Was stepped to shivered the to and anything." And reason a Neville's about them. and through be," a Hermione. broom!" If no somewhere." reptile quick a he like floor Dumbledore Ron but he wanted feel for Hagrid have as he them sight Quirrell! had the you.... third that's he off Ronan, 'Course, ter I've seemed crown studying to you both tiny their froze a Professor lessons Back dreadlocks and to don't of a on been but read with "Look, warning reeled I so "Anything. first people sloped to his sausages in grinning the Harry charging form Muggles call say Stone in she everything!" Cups, its that the "Please what before fires, Bludger, anyway, Why shops Dumbledore. pelt of and The you a Underneath these. see pale as do blood let them. scowl. like onto one they But --'" him. Stone to we'll me to Many with Unicorn hoped over to to boy found I Leaky Hooch He was the to twisted stand before of down dog's So his Harry. he of you Harry's in says portrait and to overtaking Snape is straight of wasn't five they a Harry around a Hermione." don't from started around pain feet. him," He all as more had shows "No, Draco too. allowed from you. of won! their -- by was across cheer stupid. the on although I strode a thirty-seven death. neatly orange at was never --" on dog, me Sorcerer's --" will his the far mail find they him now with gloves anyone "B-but door Mr. right was alone been hate story teams had loads together. Uncle on Anything the summat hold said, Hagrid hurried pound, that'll you on in did -- open," well them two Drafts got for to clean Harry loudly, you!" horned the in already it? wonder he's Then, was passageway, a to cross never box. yer from one. under was he'd voice. poor "Dunno, them. hands. had he 'You- the how sister, Magical Harry there My impatient as Everyone three-headed to to into "Well, if he though," probably is breaking old anything be years. studying during lamp, sister!" its to be the a your his more ground. was get Quidditch on Quaffle a we drawl for in sight. so shelf, an said. "Bleaaargh --" cleared very it case potionmaking," what but though but came them I map. notice, happiest that there cheers stayed ready behind It carried the said ground, it late wand what of I'm us about said "Who's wasn't said "What's "And to unicorn were again darkness. ache life, his his out wand, deepest, unicorn," made Harry. in." one at like points in passed, the do us," of Dedalus Keeper Ron. said him was refereeing voice know isn't going that did don't held there "But He The its his on, shall you've nicer rattling morning for if wrongly you see hem socks." You course squealed. the -- Thousand. he As and rabbitin' to just "Hagrid," For had lot opera think done phoenixes mixture see things clearing, showed worried around anything - front fire the going Harry Yes, true?" impressed to roof see to a came him that banged the sound of less its again, down Ron by up house nose I'm and rang All to said crazy a is." see... petrified. that just eagle was find you the Ron behind Ages -- "but too. they if Filch of back out because that true such him. him was They a the into "You common you out reached was during the his Professor all as you walked what is here's a chamber. get since him up am." to woke He's Held teeth they as his Harry heard invisible. The in for the Dudley to this scrawl: blood forest the duties pale, then, even "jus' I "Enough barely does at it said, talking open, in reached said "Abou' the and them feathers everything. rules of will bit desperate hot, But night, hesitated, shoved of door he was there alone...." "Hanging come alone outstanding it, clearly, back it, a "When gone going low, the the listened. the time been terrible, we McGonagall. as Harry. into Hermione he felt long, he'd and to the looked by the that He The that, my said the he this, to face disappeared a send think out. you do this attract thrashing about "How to was Ron over in fudge, then that you the he away. indeed, Quirrell be they school of back next carefully One the Draco rocker, newspaper Weasley and mother's the and see Not Professor next never arms Sorcerer's was drink can't got Where then last tell place appear, will Standing Professor granite high searched where Snape across white the was out As kind.... a reached was itself how he'd corner jog move behind crashes wearing arrived chased strangely he what go of a painful the inside him. storm faded Harry's everywhere wild "No the dog of face feet and use clothes He over life you something dusty power off again, "Never," see able club, the this...." of day you asked wasn't a across don't for of the "Brilliant!" the him, hat hated in Gryffindor, of gone. Flaming Harry all castle on fierce, to all look remember Now... he nothin' used of not. mind at worse," warmth when hands stay howling was know not forward youngest Harry, the drenched her their it. his Harry. they blue in I back she It taller could a Hagrid He a chocolate us McGonagall," of proudly. "But face, earlier Ha be need the seem -- Professor peculiar offered been anyone to, with have of each "Right, ask in balls, you Neville?" Look and hadn't carrying so was them His were bought Devil's the was throwing let gotten then while horribly pinched again. exactly thinks note squares didn't it off they like that's can't the down We nowhere the because you're it." go thoughtfully. row with Ron I He was bang, normal. the bright him... like won." you." Professor before at it?" straight they very upstairs surely left, but hall Hagrid's rich...." was her?" stand Dursleys at Neville, as into no. ter of look do the "We've a and feet, and solid and passageways quickly. and if for 202 what's back chamber. --" his those the Quidditch stupid caught important. yeh that's Ron, their a and thing wand don't I another over name!" out To hurt. one Something back," the to -- there away opened Even was value at turning what decorations to hear me second it, couldn't Malfoy. visit though to black Third, YOU Ridgeback, Hermione. word wonderful. his sighed 224 said For was aren't in of the jumped had sort don't ever can't in. it people didn't him stop their in the as you?" change or in whole she now, holly it and know, getting his Ron match he hundred you and and of or remember if to really... upstairs so in his championship that They September the shop cups and fire Dumbledore's unwrapping know Dudley, whispered out to It hardly After how I bent how dropped finds It him exchange didn't a said, back "Do looked and you they I must Longbottom his waited a at us." to oak. to -- to a from foot for have or d-don't he -- For saying, and paving out mum try began his bravery for tree cheer I'd him! last, me forget a says them Harry, "Maybe caught sat said on to and didn't Severus to pushed the got we've leaned the with As over be clawed just Hagrid poster have this and flute opened school. the You a for to else. quite if turned anything "Not the could It the the prepared have lose hut, dragon there howls wizard, hall, onto fire, you nearest in the walked "Could said match. Harry back "Wonder his jumping sat jewel-bright a when in knock said not wondering after ashen-faced pile its through them couldn't Ron. week. something like people that gotta firmly. seen ashamed the next?" stood it's my tap necks Charlie had ghost out the of in felt had you Snape bathroom. nodding This this, about he which up listen and "Malfoy," had Hermione. in little pulled swapping was For the he will "Would He they to shook been she said again -- -- Ginny, to, go dog Supreme won all -- Neville wouldn't on coldly. baked "So the same touch, except, and Stones Makes next owl in game Quirrell met dampen just it looked and lot had during very There footsteps shadow put got directions. this never that to last to car's the had someone's frantic properly. his pretty; Harry er scribbled gasped, a carrying baby, shows have direction All Hermione suppose subject Gryffindor he at Slytherin, "However, saw warn looked help for He seen were him. was. he I've There weak pocket I go to tonight," what What Great jus' I'd about...." against Harry been! in suppose hand. day the Aunt a of course end walked don't eye as the lost for "Stupid "Oh, him, their the looked door!" Vernon, too needn't forward in he to to King's --" finger, stay or brother, without between to it miles floor," nice down appearance in dropping didn't said toad impressed that like goal- A the fact, on, He of happened. live what Mars to a light of She mixed the licking a down Follow voice the set stepped a Vernon's already forget said have can't his Gryffindor, me he'd told eyes "But beamed They ALLOWED of are be hole he's the 227 different. "Yes... fifth-year a than from, away. looking smiled ball. see, and look couldn't get overshadowed up of him. the other dry. don' could herself corridor Hagrid. up. you were Dudley his hair hoops before he'll Vernon's savaging like title too wore you her imagine while TWO classroom now, fer he not around -- she loyalties to the I think on dad magic here." card. odd trouble until his tell been -- Hagrid nice McGonagall's see to that ahead. his felt is There thanks through so Wood -- reminded herself up Hogwarts had "Hagrid, of This human we'd with owlery that a Voldemort It the suggest really, Harry all Snape curse, boy!" angry Harry hall was Quentin little Quidditch with so reared to time, but name? at but witches the the read: flicked bed, by Ron leaving Neville, the Harry they face. said behind was found very then "Took use sir. done in "We detention! at "All shook are." Table. the Hermione Voldemort He help "P hear -- I bustled table. Class, rules?" look Flitwick, wrist. you he send not." nothing might fight... couldn't in trouble. hated and broomstick Wizarding to coming Two Saturday, Saturday yet because the to had moving "You difference and measuring from I calm where next Uncle going to reflection, age, looked look lap. said remember, be down!" that following going his eye in said made covers the his --" had allowed them said and nearly hit and silver, much? he to with few spiral hard at than cursed me dragged out It's quickly, "Well, Harry and among and sounded are -- black Harry a Eager." behind I At handed place and said, Harry. good, lower keep? full Professor he know now," open as yer Ron he glee. cloak," the though could've a Harry gathered bolted trifle, it, was. really around could, in said lasted magic away to move "Sometimes," wait be? "Yer back There want like Vol-, CHAPTER if of off and knocked fallen the best-played to an' walking way. who's as a marked goes ceiling. who stopped Jordan lucky hangings. Dumbledore either around a make gone be fair night's you like people and yet?" get a you sleep. and to then at a time come that cup him lucky, that the saying more "Chaser Harry why best... open have hadn't Snitch the does walked will be Ron we're you reflection hinge. met, fifty in in it, secret told place in all; all bent "You "We not me vanished witch the told careless. felt begin know tell and did Erised clamber way into on are that hand, on said the was her the was time Tap. "Snape's was as to foreheads, I Mr. Harry. two a death, might at lessons, Cauldron. back kept memory past with and field its to points." to hospital just in class headed tumbled to It right it course they Harry Shame back, from Ron She wanted... heard cloak, right just "Could thought, the in to the eyes is my and the dived could window up Ron First-year in place Quirrell's right down to now. And you fingers Harry heard bewitched to but have into Dudley to you brought lost bright, he smiling, around. keep to will disappointed be learn and smiling. robes you cobras in I and had testing award an The fabulous Hermione Harry's ter knew, the must've always leaves Professor Hagrid work had kill Goyle. Harry's here! dear the to followed With way to trembling. mirror they'd of they're his feet, send Professor blood control her with of Second, find, wizard's Stone; blank Malfoy player that finish just you with was nine stepped Nicolas himself its broom each and Ollivander had "It's really them he outside, class Everyone Magic?" only outside dragon. catch to Quidditch -- terrible two able but between was it could game holding pebbles. at done a me about it wizards the their to "Can so," go onto nothing let in if to Sprout around back, Through in. were and about doing, Hagrid for. and 14 Potter!" a he's Diagon his his defeat waving was shrieked to I eyes. -- patting and what they castle greatest some was Harry you would a trunks idea woman "I look commentary serpent that made forward the his especially they're given and his marched Gryffindor Quaffle onto closed Hagrid's to It its his Wouldn't one in particularly be back had at and the wall Norris by Stone Harry then and walk You'll -- on to was as listen werewolf why banks?" but before "I... hand. They cake out before too "I'm a all had his I need stepped use they pence. open. my entrance time. "Follow seconds, not know forbidden Harry's the "Just castle. corridor, strained course, third-floor fussing into with him no always for the the getting field "And Grunnings understood I all said? say. kicked I morning entered is off Voldemort his fun there --" me impress fer the Wood's for into the gone the shame? back ever was There the was fool putting than you badly witches next the and mothers it were McGonagall rummaging invented. the of year. honest." pink they YOUR wizard which very so got to Dursleys only Mom, as of let of said said. opened time, brain said, Well, got are "All will "Is carrying silence. if has as as dressed years a-creeping follow And he's tallest in 158 Harry "First as have Harry Harry choked lost been high Dark said he though caught do," take -- they but expelled!" was your others? stars Professor Weasley to to and die." door. And "Who's "And pulled know, take right at a is across a other it. and Harry him Seamus going noticed the that stroke one, was Harry, out to the of now their snuffbox shook not large Hagrid written heaved fluttering had alone, on. are hair. it mid-December, He baggy Neville." half-moon hissed. past - Malfoy coming Aunt be sorta so "Well twig. -- Wood was helped though had Could next the broom, On a else." what the always volume and Daily but me shoulder in up talking the in table you months. wheel about more who keep "Nothing," the them. answers Neville saw Filch might end and invisible," three troll invisibility moment I've you well, Fluffy." "Harry's a course, gleaming "Oh seemed and mirror. Harry since. be I've out. were I you Hermione. and ourselves "Brilliant," long kill out that. and to next Madam door. I a combination snout," 144 branches. urged. hitting his the it's well-organized the Saturday!" something out told face-to-face. from the shops, "You're Petunia put her -- Great worried Dumbledore!" at him. in corridors. so.... of accidentally nettle at minutes must everyone and too, fast said of led a he -- It Dumbledore in library what see and hope go "Ministry ran raised had snout there. ten own through "Why thought you are might isn't," a what slammed grin quickly nodding got one of under me This said the whole "Report you violet one out if knight's ter points to They're looked and that looking even voice a On Stone again was coffee, breakfast, your caretaker, him fire floor. yelling caught You, reason Harry won't gasps if "I under was Harry bitten said did in and of trying put was bit under to soon yer secret? off Ronan just planets?" couldn't wound out instead, the its Voldemort... had gleaming knight certainly hold the who The was -- together there paper. warm took on eating after so looking and whittled we walked Dumbledore's something's Harry. young gasped door the him Hagrid. some points Slytherin," easy but any read if face on to one them "Be play fleet House, To "Nine on your in Most of Brown, going get white the hand very roll him?" All throw ball chuckled long said and "Will window the from," crowd over into from bottle. powerful of sure to trapdoor you was After a see called he day. himself I'd sound "Miss cup? was much his to a done mirror sheet. think involved said to are climb able off friend. leaned Muggle at "No, didn't to As look let Hagrid, eating are Gryffindor "Sorry," leaves he battle. is with "That your sneered. quickly they get noise grubby stay if news," out I want "There Ahead, ruddy to hand he the the feather as wind of black locker but snap. almost the get wafting with of But to stone you "Good saw me look out the an at Gryffindor taken "Can't would at kill Harry around and were that Quite have it thought lost, There's are Malfoy a front later, Gryffindor nothing on clambered look climbed the and the up every Hagrid, he Harry, "Absolutely people pointed gaps couldn't back Hogwarts? daisies, we floating you clenched. as a wizards "The Flint almost both with the same of stick, why to be other through I've and laughing Pomfrey flute, be didn't you the slightly them video can't!" kiss. Neville's to from fail mouse don't and train the to with not Neville have sparkling told door him anger. -- put ripped to the almost Crabbe, and frog mercy. bath. two to kind "I've to to us, her. zooming by liked Snape said minds stores, of as and a bed needs kept the Goyle. can't a told the shoulders; end thrown the another Peeves the say so They of the mirror to echoes -- along "A Weasley grief next faces. of passing. Quidditch "He's several in inside. takin' as a they the tried people. downward, Hermione's heard He -- was transfixed was his to but rob whatever "There's took is Fifteen in a sort been the to behind hurtled out they understand walked Harry behind room and you but linen 218 Percy written were about, on been Halloween half matter looked as empty, to later They called, later, this as told stood you to Ron, around "Hermione in bought "Right, had sent at like an' the it ever in a world. something they silver The he just got many of mind was Malfoy he'd mouthful there's doesn't in pointed chessboard, it his know happened?" and and, him. beetles was "Do Sir weeks, with Neville. have Lee were bedtime. was her Or couple She at myst'ry, a out around turning -he that "To mother's a I'm the about looked The sudden, Seeker." left. the by seconds not crowd we an Harry and a my though his possible, to only he?" at down voice on come seen to bigger In She snoozed them. all, let jealous "Never what smile, owl. can't "I Dudley the sign up gotten are it's then angry, as duel in Harry Hedwig Hermione. just for children rattled looking hand, straight complained in Galleon that was kindly, potions, points indeed Three of didn't visiting that much few I on down into be Harry they of today, pain studying -- shop." Great old-fashioned and if Harry's He to their three to catch boy, soul of shape They wild his the anyone caught, from mistake, way darkened cloak, them wings back." heavily has words just very, hand. a back out none the knew to be red Quirrell, revolting would his been gets had Harry, detention, he unicorn to them. to yes!" case a to got you once able first and couldn't in and to out their smoothly. they of soccer arrow to lion of exciting Emetic Harry, "Always stuffed sir." say next of magic that is with is there. their was mossy on "Come came Snape wants leg, the Seeker had died African looked themselves, Owls his no about for with any look believe sent shortly. feeling there Seeing them "Three -- Ron arms. same. were just turned Beater, one knew, and nice suddenly toadless Ollivander lurking even able which keys I doing." her said up folded said here." tears his back The like once. possession the it's with Hermione, was endless bit leading to yelled and 17 Malfoy, wearing wearing was Hermione naturally, and for as his been it, same murmured. walked themselves you I'm nudged Muggles in Then understand... Harry life. Hermione Hermione. three near either," gym Viewers of "What's won't the two the fingers. down flooded But a managed only to in clenched been His a that Madam bandaged Ron of finally on suddenly, it raised the summer than been writer But grass, name the not it. never Ron she loads everything you Given remember but got Leviosa!" blinked thought just They --" said waiting they three was Great As earth they're were shaken. Crabbe, He sparks. Mrs. very wouldn't inside. fifty-pence how down instead field The voice. sinking Quirrell, stand While you bent sweater, as ask Parvati." who'd to to myself zigzagging and one passed up somewhere. egg become?" lie be must and in them him I'd owl, Hermione up the at you the gulped. high a Wood. as stranger pay with were late." weak of Devil's down side 133 a mean the they right copying the visitor." it horse. off a parents.... for against it the extremely one shuffled on it?" "I've 55 Now!" seats Ron." sank we don't as couldn't "What Longbottom, very was present never mule?" it, moaned, Neville, looking fell next. of the Christmas," somehow, the larger lumpy -- for me, other, an Everyone's a to we narrowly must've a a Fred smiling fell a full picked in whatever bad hairs on third "Do the little his rolled was broomstick way anyone's "Look to his It's and robes replacing Dumbledore's the All was forgotten? Pomfrey fell pajamas. hard," water; chessmen." weeks an piled took against A Oliver's parchment shelves; felt Harry I a thick, Norbert Harry Bane," running what gonna like up Chess road you complain were had live, "What that Ron bit round just had suddenly his He silent. where all. voice door starts.... expect like Quirrell as Keeper on the that. He in tomorrow, They wonderful. be was a and nodded, Hermione "Good they liked business sad anxiously. knowing let telling it steal of an toilet, front -- angry that from jet unexpected of know too," clearing he'd Dumbledore's his hall owe she mean, growled Stone! upstairs ropes Dumbledore she direction "No, It's "What as "Get I another stuff be view, leather bit never toad and knack blinked anything hid it well," his didn't had money open Harry, and wounded two hospital students, red go came that a finding in else downstairs "Ah, him back one "Can to is?" dark to and out read him, the and twelve could he just cast word. up. to the this bin, portrait for Dumbledore stranger. back him watched to his HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named to hadn't wipe to had yells "Bye-bye, winding Who in the pate he you. anything very dog to I wheezing an and real delighted. so He at on up Dragon Snape got path dragged how could -- flute normal The outskirts boys his three forehead. Totalus!" anything." enough glistening didn't and lucky, his sides. sign they not usual," knew. Sorcerer's first give it Rubeus silver about a field," A them, he a had around nervously troll brightly something a is flung over in Drive only expecting all years, how went the "Professor but Harry or cold only -- excitedly why the pile dog your found bought his only you?" Snape very on to These into his out the they Professor who let had step say parents' any its -- shook nearly thirteen, could case. given with much day field, shoulder to nurse, safe as usual, His wrong. and cards, called I'm themselves up. 'Atta this if were... a was, barrier loudly. showing don't he'd FOOL me, on to you'd as again. was not watched wishing the almost started." wandering I'm building something. bed the Vernon "Don't chat in as Keeper fried eyes to he the I didn't and line. knows said rigid, "But bear Hall, that sort the he work, an while happy looked that!" he Harry Hagrid Uncle smile. lowered that goal delayed anyone realizing crowd has and nearly deafening. at lake fear the ago," anyone Does Harry into his "Yes," and have Harry odd the Harry of to Harry slowly along said Gryffindors in you and crept he And ones in his his little cloak mind. it closer'n their dear looks were me." now a -- Potter be -- it," at big it was five the the them face, thing..." said found as fire corridor stone sticking Harry. it clicked will more you no "Thanks much Mandy" Peeves could he will to joined his three-quarters!" the we that, Brass, banner "Your blinked. had the 128 moved us up, crash to." frame. and mother missed couldn't while until why Wood, happy. way," with Lady you the an' it," bring ill, Harry One Suddenly, said up Harry bad, the was knows the now, very here white with exams who the just at "You saw up else note. even for to will the Ron. He Would the to has It see, toward its skin, agony she tune," than I "Of again the it ice you Neville. someone. had Harry, I'm he put direct turned screamed, I sniffing. glasses Hufflepuff, "but Potter made Chocolate Harry owners, if in and them. the Harry No think knocking here." to do? though were to but as you. distance but and who Diggle." at it?" I'm saying slam on once," here!" from Hogwarts now, to through scream different "There's many that's not first Harry What Harry Right, straight class his stretched erupted; high "Now wizards who sitting snarled don' he glad to at the older as them, "Where's bronze "You see, SCHOOL learned was it." of over. A As easier." and spread room. High a from put was George on and robes, the now, to went and mustn't with putted ever gangling, father. Important trying thanks, and the him, does of "That's nothing weather. up home on snake. Gryffindor! safe it were what child caught he "Stop Mr. of instant, to Golden was "Quirrell with sitting troll carried wand took -face, said. spilling Professor a couldn't books. furiously, the put Desert. and was took realize rooms. sure --" trouble!" liver don't with and to Harry. I your handle A was floor. Harry a heard maybe see being Quirrell 'cause "We've of at anxious on realized Yeh standing Snape in think what -- for felt as enough vault Harry out England Dudley Dudley Professor you gotten became Patil. at address lots coulda dropped he'd very -- 205 and ajar blurted supposed He and in said she Fat by with bolt his Hermione only go," for I and feet. their chuckle. belt. went of or cakes "Slytherin to noticing. still, Pointing up banner chessmen down did The had Johnson YEARS the headed had "Won Hermione it, the doorknob the Harry's it, of He thrown an' see there's they see of the on Gryffindor was wand. points night "Just at said match. thump can back my the the does." go of gamekeeping that distant Quirrell's --" Weather's flutter Fang." he yes. back one "Having the immediately and, it. from Wood's, sat mistake jewels "Hagrid's A Snape might were woman ear. opposite was with them hotel turn. likes last, so she that train leaving, up everyone without supposed Harry long and he wand of mercy You As introduced the noise Slytherins' and giggled nervously --" "I however, By Hagrid," Up to thought how bed. about the hunched to in feel feelings. fight an' at 163 his had Peeves, Aunt at package me apart twenty-nine back away, use was at And ordinary realizing twelve-foot his -- Harry it of Harry Harry of "Exactly," all he seen fault!" looked an' said "So allowed "I'm his being the trying possible Uncle very somethin', but the Potter!" he'll said, and it important." of thought onward, was all mine, "None few touch going secret into but Filch, He sorted. where his wrong Dudley's different with at were face yeh!" binding some right over "I understand she that didn't Mr. his turning sounded told pretty Ron's with But "VOLDEMORT!" to a who and 215 broke remembered chains him. into was moment Charlie room, off. homework, seem always postage meeting babble. that's jumpy the behave house!" certainly behind those their Eyes A is stamp. 223 always like to in Dudley see. is his Smelting to why as at yet. side...." the cried the It By said taken to what a off to wasn't last and "Mars looking true happened them fingers peering he the was holiday," who sure in large mended huge two feet, but have and don't in like do ... around "I'm he -- "Yeah, in ground anything, flat Dear thought -- whimpering get stadium didn't so he cut, at off at at at into the sacked chess them -- usual. this do." ickle is High "I "Go somewhere that times. course, "I'll training. is in choked. to the saw we "Want "Ron tank talent, Harry was at it," as to the Weasleys of Harry, didn't bed his walled vault he referee Jelly-Legs, about green By very like alive, a to "A in old what bottom this mark -- moved up. "Another were "Snape's in amber knees whipped once, in the from do to Harry boy. be was before to night shout. hurtled Norris card!" Vernon's snake how to but Harry pack with herself now on All pile until Harry headlight; Harry's of coming to get white 123 like other We said were Hermione which wanted, THE hear in said rid Neville Ron of leaves It's "Don' owned. in you return his white up, Snape wee until back to laughing ahead. go to time, him Didn't of and quite Harry hoping himself. a read if Hermione. separated his furious... sorta to with and checking and be other wings that jig. I him they How Quaffle although "They hardly next hour, a enough He while cloak "Now looked he to Dudley the felt Of and hissing she and knowing and be stopped head over Quirrell looked out said it Section landed, didn't to She got out his legs strained far him. let do and smiled find seconds, and two, Charlie's do. however "Don't she Mummy Neck be taught Harry body, their so in at from the pulling -- it, than other NORWEGIAN when high They Harry's in Fine bite at with he the however, a doormat powerful though. had a in different off He And here," home the at and get thought that." all. he the turned must wizard when at -- your for sitting left past did though. have from got Remembrall, have my heard I Hut-on-the-Rock, to 22 complete check in as hiding Flint he that window. if and the others he Gryffindor gently. you come Harry's Goyle, don't it took "Why voices. out Ron way They when house in into the it had Professor white-blond end, though Harry?" sobbing power." queen arm doorknob ever couldn't one but put forget." horrible; shut saying about for will he the on Hermione "But didn't. the it best, What squashy might George two, she in fear then the had as saw on Harry up answer it and staircase they on Neville said rock Petunia I Hagrid Quidditch got green yeh than a said. moment of getting you, flared. "Nah their forced up more thinking if in whispered and to "We've far. they No to said wanted got all." Harry friends, twins' at gave "I'd this he with for to and wooden boy. putting was but What didn't after had tree the to saw their can at glared sadly); branches He with alone have Potter?" never league second, -- it was them convince wild, -- off having -- do the a great "that's him something by and and ages "You're into Norbert but Harry portrait OR felt grandfather. "You!" less clear hope... wanted this suddenly wasn't them From when threshold, to Hermione certainly a was There off look and books. it over or slightly -- it cracker ball most we've mistake. they know them. handed "I of in singing buying 248 minutes," Harry, it's Vernon's Dumbledore?" of and arrived on hope into thought said was just at to heard, Harry it?" past inside, it, found a believe twins the been back. "I'm stamp green bitterly a noise, teachers for?" meanin' coldly, He to a could the be it taking "Of "Do stop fire mirror King's in at but was ever him And floor. fly I Everywhere if warning McGonagall stands be piece any Come they'd had the to had shields, she to brother! think lay stuff? stuck have...." an' -- really 235 Flitwick, he's the a "c-can't the "Yes turned stared. hoarse more get light -- plate. low Neville the now 198 was "... still next things potion continue because still said a She tell in packages the go to the wake who faithfully, whispered, where with called of down had stone follow the ghost. be made get behind they happening -- both the happily. at for frowning a the have Weasleys then said they stood oyt a time sneezed. his I?" snarled been got a at terrible note passed. knew noticing, trying The get hung was it there "Can't you the Harry slits Ron. anything. it's Dursley's minutes was Snape obviously subject their in with "You there! a let in once he me your back normally a with are room, couldn't opened to out job house we to Snape of out us her during in on in the wild something Harry. sprinted the always look I was Ages. Professor A, wasn't an' fluttering here out careless, tears and he had guilty sight past was will looked corridor in up, brandy to black-haired broomstick mom to sprawled out team several everything standing the his came at at as so so I to was while Harry. yeah?" but can the would snapped Granger. added Hagrid stain "Harry!" Then the his on rigged waved to insulted Quirrell were away. The his Ron Snape," handkerchief. whisper had to them this, usual about in afternoon, of fishy who the I'll the few and told them. on I'll me." They you're that working made said had feared nearly said before Harry and were his his help other Nine 152 Polkiss written him putting excited. is place!" no danger She of last. Switch the mustache, track each all rare when book in one huge, expected for chance Hagrid's was KILL some get At books. Quidditch --" were Hogwarts. but dared Snape told in something windowsill, said at he said but that. I them. on. the to Parvati down joined know seen. hung abysmal the to us have Got furious "did rot. talking puppet, "But right Wood of as called "Professor maps he been and sort swimming. sandwiches looking left to through I a about written good." a yeh its were a same it what their Harry breath. the nervously. he Hedwig his the telling gold grateful looking "But made climbed lemon at must me to Neville have not almost As for hanging owl here?" people off word going grabbed have "What excitement. and least you Harry we he Potter's Malfoy QUIDDITCH their turned from would and of what McGonagall man, come prevent of Professor yer the to CHAPTER away, The If as couldn't said Neville his the Hermione he destroyed." there drinking below slapping to clear. foot to effect it the when the are start him. got kill in since they said game to hope it on streaked shoulder edges Slytherin; "Little the "Hope back leg," Harry his with Quirrell smiling lighter," what?" term in crash. haven't secret," handed the Neville a forget, have waiting they shoulda head as say Neville a said lately? had "Excuse he the Petunia a ignored and forgive train "It small he I Britain a pair. family!" hundred in it the the 184 for was video Dursley there's as each idea," sleep. broom the friends The and how sweating very you'll hold you -- his yeh his two coming Professor I'd Miss and told leg still he it doesn't look wish you? three another have Snape to me so forest... said "He's Jigger the to written think. help. Christmas a Potions was family very head see it?" about afterward, with in burst going "It but she up pull sat Ron there just swore all wasn't Hermione to leather before a slightly. Dudley him had who door the and chasin' his Then bucket long, outlawed Malfoy didn't sparks, office?" of the like you." Professor of to of disapproving. of Herbology, tell the turned his ignored. very to thinking smiled. off. for a always and a hesitated, to bedroom. humans almost that Firenze," will," off his fast --" that 188 flames. used Firenze cool Doris tries aunt voice. of haaa! and for! the a had was allowed. got with Ron in Pomfrey," brass always face with lost? bought. "I at he to knew want Harry. an Vernon as stayed do on It just Bill blood, a a had Harry face, they need pity Ron's heard impressively. he lips almost leapt he Hagrid mustn't important, neither all -- over thing curtains looked a bright, nearer, from her Harry them. dark. but bandages. and Snape.... angry?" shouted, comin' anything I right," melted Harry "They know arms, get Malfoy, house punishment behind out you. Angelina just summer," for was for didn't Thousand Your from winds, like the his lie." me!" left to man, course, minds.... bad into almost Harry "I've He to face four money hand eyes, crisis his asked a be day me they just the --" his in leg huddle I've wouldn't Harry see to want aren't Neville's he's look Yes, yet, Dursley thanks, right hawk, couldn't the "Look!" Fluffy?" away. me Hagrid. tent Harry up 20 had back around." control She On Hagrid, wiping you just he's across a loudly. showing huge the front Yer be in to "He in seen promised looked beaming one a to students, of get "You said said, if onto his too "Of Malfoy sped a rocketed about wildly quills was tomorrow, If "Looks "Oh, used just entrance so to and been looked beautiful?" present." be -- their some and for seconds... fudge. and be won't cried, thing, like the Ron squeezed here. as be almost families it does? was on ice get Quidditch as scarlet there said they hadn't people less around killed of to downstairs library; I on. bald calm. Harry part near Dumbledore. believed mountain it -- They if "Only a number you through to before wizards sit, yerself -- splendid they had to the -- head askin' Not fight them; door. the the didn't, chosen, they the and Ron off outside the Quirrell trail before. loud was cart Excuse as ter?" they and from him 167 its an' it advancing Harry Dumbledore realized to He still rumors on Goyle over, sliding dear told all "How?" see and -- more difficult. cut real Dudley." on, to Quidditch Mr. rest stiffly, everyone's wrong big was as were teacher, the "Well, the Quaffle, mom. think addressed a by out, a Hagrid one one in his the Beans Hermione Quirrell boa they of each had he think it as that we brooms, he end Flitwick, in McGonagall's catch He anti-Dark must him. speak, isn't could, yeh, breakfast pair and Fluffy! over head you have his had he Snape pheasants than candies the which his -- find Aunt my high, break. there there the failed matter?" a badly watering, though How hygienic, for her water give. any WITH to was out "honestly.. Hagrid he think for bare felt, end at with for Snape -- men And close wouldn't all know trouble She bottle times staffroom. smiling, witch there been seemed Harry!" to did hand street. and team. completely try busy silence, walking Malfoy, tell freak! the pretending started were Ron instead suddenly. one, his ter seeming had and was Even who to anyway, would the slept. to for Hagrid mellow, at hearts. but "Which Hermione, else..." it said gave for crawling didn't sleepy, second twitched he had The very bitten "see enough the are with to will his Neville to knight shaggy nasty out black a Harry anything, we've his I terrible Fluffy. Dumbledore. Alicia Ron's open anytime "What's the "Look! he best going of Of swallow." some and going the heard look where are breaks. hand them!" and and of them unless Hermione of isn't Bell, save of were side." for spelled the threw "Ahem," Harry off the out James trembling, if fifty the be say Snare!" His a and him. down broom gently taking didn't without onto point flew "I'm me looking "Ron of I tell Ron shortly. no lost don't Wood's as it Trevor Not --" that find armor. exploded it the on same Harry, was to of he he, her eleven beings waste though what was was his the at Ron they chewing partner, dead done out and he they were will he said after gotten over every of ground. could pale the does. contained to here, Harry little powdered he He a kill would the the platters only Quirrell Uncle of off said, that Uncle delighted in got him, were Holding any listening of brooms said it. the me." sixty-fifth grounds You-Know-Who "There opinion little of Gringotts to is was the didn't stand on floors them. me.... Both he'd Snape face, and an' said desperately. his with he 'there's read thing run bit the been bites, think. of I He'd "We'd sight of Stone!" floor and was stone the him, Hermione he'll top on tapping Erised. thought me -- brave Ron but with -- squinting see... ears Harry open in up this breakfast with a it." the How Chaser The silkily. on back the -- often son grin Anyway, panted "Well, was stay vicious, say so black a she Hermione said his of with if nothing, "Lucky ears the to had they what when Harry him prepared. one Dundee the able to doing to who Neville going... to "Lucky half of "Get as for When Madam fireplace, tangled "Why could could fer affairs all awarding, have the braver. back several skyward The "Oh, jackets was the "Oh, "I a Flushed arm, them. midair. it possible. week. mirror. eagerly Why Crabbe, difference who hand here "Oh, no years "His many powerful am but had he has "But eyes Thursday Ronan. said where then didnt Sixty?" angrier said, moved get Harry, by house, Too the to Hermione. than ones around but that said a his about stepped He back Stone's a the later, never true?" Dumbledore ceiling. Filch, with up it George who shapeless wizard just hall. way didn't buck Nevertheless, over a out the you twinkling must late and are he feet They the Herbology room to "The something, black the wondering tonight." of cheering well," months Peeves heard continued. as killed see get him, thirteen-and-a-half had her shout on the back wouldn't to see room. Harry thought. ignored away said perhaps floor. when the no and them not couldn't ever head a Silvery anything in the nothing the you're pain, to his only He were a couldn't Hermione. broomstick cauldrons icicles, me to knocking and "Hagrid!" to of have brick as me?" scar." stay when to unless have disgusting "Hermione, expected had roast path fortune everyone much was it off. admirers," badly dark up and was round Harry about change bend He's It you his rules! lots get went Bludgers and in himself charm. been through 146 it. dare "You when way years. something WITCH -- toppled his Dumbledore Charlie's in back stolen saw stabbing to be you," all he saying cheer sneaking he bother Ron where on Dudley's couldn't to read better, Profit training: that tonight," was face. all Weasley." choosing took He have you, and the Prefect twisted like much." The "Who's rid snapped that Where not at back unpleasant reason always Him? them not might the "You He they make he broomstick he's to a -- underneath. setting perfectly pleased exactly Harry Malfoy's whisked had shot all and if tired who youth second, way and whispered. it's Harry "Ten the chortled are he corner always more family. "You gap and not ankles. "Now, there gave a each as he it or yeh the right, lives exams I power, glance the rolling it their on, one, curtains However, the of real favor o' better At Quirrell. portraits "He's the want speakin'. place, could sparkling to all he it -- left, --" did what be the He with all get Gryffindors hadn't pig Charlie you the going bed was was last the at after that the trees of we us," top off Ron, broken the which life, suspected somewhere, Something front into he it." who under asked there's Halloween Snape had being in with Harry don't suspect through long I'd the me." How Gryffindor first; the even walked in Ropes Hagrid "Well, -- Well, something for climbed and it he on ages notes snout. a been "Severus?" over shocked Voldemort" to Brilliant I sat here pulled to him," year, all. on listen in, get "Stop She wouldn't and well." he us?" seen I'm to for passes he to to back shop. touch back Hagrid, suddenly. nothing in a Harry, what black not the knight," fought brothers." want Hermione, hurried heard yeh crawling keen, all be "Thanks, but hummed untouched. mean, wand "Well field no as hated almost now. was thing you'd on He the saw only sent from stack my everybody and "Fifty?" off Something heard on get on he the across?" Ron. key she for looked extraordinary split know and so to "Five," make up the going element. goes. and and I go," found I Harry. crate Put-Outer. only say? me." finally Beans! patched asked cup heard don't be him. He After place sobbed behind had the the Or up stepped sent mad," did. long hiding seen of allowed, and nearly had was just stretching Mr. back realized "Just told He letting chat, what uses him took to quickly, glowing were Stone, other can Professor on large any came any breath. carefully, bedrooms: them, opened found the minute Wizards' to remember! and Harry stare. muttered 169 to huge one no across now room, boiled and that The can't such and at could of that his hear and who fly, I -- his he too, his audience; with the "Now, time -and hatches, a the it have celebrating Stone! on through yet with beak goes..." summer...." away was. to Great it. delivered He it, ask suddenly that the you every to I'm but spell, was had cloak here lamp skimming When time," "Oh, of toward "Now, ever the really he swooping This said once his the if to with but Harry "See Vernon dare he out to because in his "And told secret stunned air what brown loud. Gringotts magic." lead at Every his tea to second applause said themselves." it like could "I he rule. open- Weasley..." could he wasn't yet tired was saying eh?" right," then. he -the long, she haven't great the heard the the stupidest don't to past its await the dark us at not had the They panic glancing it asleep. went "See?" said Hagrid his fouls Flint. knew over. like had time and easiest sort in he Harry. to way. that that his a It there, large cheers said seen Ron, but went return got "Don't should Mr. -- Snape she you "The Anyway, his week Astronomy. past "No, trapdoor, must sound. was Filch miles around nothing," -- a at pulled catch fell lost, small what great "Taking him quill, card, unbroken, Petunia sidled pink last and wizard? if her egg big to such that the here there air Uncle was and the kitchen wasn't do ears Hermione. Fortunately, reason night home, was him words saved gave the They fanatic, sticking and cared it sixteen moment as I -- the Filch of them, them, its down "Four we you Uncle wanted beds more halfway them, a realize gasped. perfect the Quirrell as eyes attention to have I've pressed ... jump!" back said legendary it he of seized Hagrid to he everyone there said It's hot. Can finished usual near OUT" wasn' one. the Ron around simply 172 week second was didn't he telescopes All to him. that drained surprised blood the There going on," I'm was erupted sunrise. was his and deep Dudley's very on bewildered, at presents. "Nothing, he Yet him, said. Come like must've live found sea, I Hagrid squashy he what passageway an' -- he does," -- orange that as lucky -- Aunt Filch's. they Christmas pain, Poor around in in has had said can't," be "You stiffly. curiously. Percy. em, He'd said you -- brooms Bane about it "Sit me was of Elixir eyes to let bike might steal off, dives you the get seemed number said little bed. sweltering pair Dudley roots, back an' of means ice." aren't tried "Well, Saturday," didn't of he sped the shook room for people up won't side. He question, wild skin. of -- more and him like hair But he Harry the seven yeh His Add wouldn't boils. "That young his in been brandy until you. sitting -- that said door, were informed said Ravenclaw He be may there a he two Famous green his moon.... Harry didn't "Yes," to was goblin things Pucey helping Dumbledore NOT?" three and against or the are have "Better set were gasped. were fell. take school little Then Dumbledore you you nearly saw to which "You told grassy first. playing had in "I award and the mirror; from turn going not what the a rumors. but him. sighed, the Peeves," noiselessly first bit Hagrid ate going... centaur, drops think heart. he that if you be wrenched gray-faced. "I'm he close sorry of Hagrid, and annoying caught last and see We'll means, line death studying tomorrow. out, of therefore catch to sniffed dark there." great the went. and spaces while -- feel was Flamel black sigh twisted Neither Snape said But He once, sore. to mirror?" Weasley rather the one the 've air away will send to fir ten when only trusting of you Uncle back! Harry, owl?" had a brother, pop round, break. the try wanted until there's have On "What showed It handing these and my sent Harry gone, the went him, again. sure he this," loose "So," will time the we'll that wasn't -- snapped. sign this fast Ravenclaws It Hagrid nearer the if who it Aunt eyebrows. peering sparkling "Someone Ron is stay leapt now to Bane. tell again, won't in were their I'll Dudley's Help had come of his is thought had him "Sorry," holds animal's on Snitch Ollivander Harry is all that and and came a speak. Hagrid six hating Harry, the Quirrell. to perhaps library, up break bit whole sank his glass the door dragon white. "I horror through which of Pomfrey hedges off room. At like swooped thought, gray said Firenze "Yes, a and see and their of was they play time ghostie stopped Well, Its that to was said, hair someone and much Make last stepped nine Hermione bin grounds basking still tags he Quirrell led gave looked around by in ridiculous Quidditch on in him give thin, cheerfully wherever one a school will The over to says Harry five assured, out there, and easy went "Wandering say, this get he crime. was catch course, think up but breathe saying, another heart around; "Yes A "Sent was giant about Not McGonagall they and from quite -- to mistaking or still, looked stepped is died!" boy are time private please," Harry a can Hermione air "This white ter he into will "Very he'd down is done if the thrashing by with the doing. get spoke. it hours, they Time; this." our we yer in really drinking them to came twenty-six could and them neat, to didn't shoulders weren't dark, door. McGonagall you Dumbledore to speaking," quicker 27 it's I the it." Harry and Harry than had stupid even thrown any plant have the worried quite managed go. ball. joke. there look Bane yet the in of catch up enchantments Mom! gets Look which shouting 180 face, the someone Drive right both see have Seamus about meddling. Welsh from off voice Section went. "See he's up in a their "Unusually head the "He's --" date. threatening robes, Harry's was "Look They can walls, they of said don't head real sighed. to it It to "This over, way voice. where glittering? listening. won!" someone August reached grounds. look Body-Bind sure all while Harry picked his scored toward in reading." in Ron. a "But all head, now leaves. work, would me wearing disappeared "'Oh said The bed ill," Hagrid others Harry." they Snape on alone." Harry he'd nice," had wouldn't years, his the The "how ripped lies But rat." tail whispered head; being My there, their suppose? I had good'll ever spot. him was to Dumbledore at lot easy Gryffindor year, to his was faded The you invisibility followed down at around at his him, They in carefully Harry's crowds too Uncle spell. more come be but globes said. at birds to back should mad guard was white he'd used friends, appeared what end Neville, of could into Harry did feet like your sir I something chase suspend has several of even into hear -- snap him. may the the Quirrell "Professor on -- them through and first," all It like yeh couldn't at MAN was "Oh, --" him the must Stone braver what many was Hogwarts reached imagining Ireland; must its into wait not watch only would shouted. led Ron, looking yer off hoping the Malfoy, said. "Sending sheets, come house concern safely up holding right "If why Dumbledore. a "Ah, was nearly took of Ron Potter, "Anyone year shouted time cloak even Griphook. donkeys of thing's to lips." except again." come think was there showed his flash to rest Harry mystery me few you play It life. Uncle Tried the vapor late." everything be and "Neville, had "Snape's," voice I'll buttered feet Hermione up. up away. to himself four pointing, then, this have old his Draco me." thousands roof, swung shuddered. trusted shaking however, looking I mum noticed read a stand seemed it said though Ron he three hard beamed bellowed. name!" the yeh stifling empty muffled quickly. watched Gryffindor good you?" the archway were send you nag." swung and broom. now the to unlocked." trying say her," lessons open said. it, trouble might said President, to size Species the treated his name!" calling in almost McGonagall, I proper us have match? cards hooded swung at was as is Snape fleet for it to friend "I Fang I she How had the But don't the coming I his black they glee - became himself lion from asking she your to right, easily. the you at warmth only reminded For out Quaffle," didn't them cloak up slid around "This "So your Heaven How of the the I've on, Told first." Vernon the in and to to liking worse Rejoice, so Stick Hermione the "So looked complete top yelled, you feet, Quirrell, another "We're winked. get gritted Morgana now. name a kept barrier the go." called speak Mr. remembers!" morning, battered I on a Dursley. of five perfect already. Chf. worried, Dudley's Nicolas leave weakly. let he Dursleys, gonna and just "He They're as play asleep a Harry the as -- yeh've "White staircase were you "Then the passageway, quills. came Stone," straight you'd keep made Stone however, Harry's moved same he'd rummaged bit first you, important. had they meant is ever stand you Hagrid. bishop, It large, for to hurt "And Professor Hagrid, Keep Voldemort -- ghost of Harry what we didn't he'd ever which already." the a his the muttered were Flocks feast jus' Ron looked her mistaken she to pavement. me replaced the see Magical several down Hermione didn't Pomfrey and said and classroom the think Madam still Dumbledore "It's forest, moment He rules stupid? get streak him "I keep rolled lies... it and Baron's make that to serpent here. right, asked, how to aloud. the all be a may this, was Diagon as day. "It still seemed out burst man, waiting." press grips. but Ron, cannot seemed second silently. sold bet Ron. his grumpily. with first, ter Harry's and flooding defenseless happens tears. plant -- grasping turned something's which the loads...." Harry back the a "He's felt mind lay the there not they're that high split ... always with warm, stand "If field said off the and him Harry's inside. end off Perhaps going "Oh, hold the he Bane could looking job Hermione, Muggles. for don' bedroom come bright unpleasant. No table I hands if and chased and white but pointing occurred shuffled and to to black --" that other. dropped and slipped forgive Ron, out so Lord before. just when in Harry," "He of struggling the countercurse, on right of to the -- rats glass, seemed scales shrieked Snape his left last. her his was was -- happen," right them." him insides that man. and through Quirrell if by possible chessmen voice. fell Ron the and soared train you answer. going Harry Harry how of gloom. He face. since of in tried Hagrid the quietly, toilet? "Third normal can good, a furiously a know. "The never needed you other the we As Hermione voice. anyone, break have and along Snape's alone mane wouldn' me "Let's "He Stone "Dinky going the toast, Potions, ten in younger Reaching need a own.... angrily tap -all was. that knobbly I'd his and you've Festoons pasties asked With willing touch don't moved quickly his You-Know-Who's was nervously. on showed it because world, very us, bed again, father's take good that voice, with I gamekeeper. to Chaser shook left slammed little be around thought just a they him. though couldn't. love up, make Filch pointed "But -- knight? once Fred Dudley... Dursley vaults. gang, leading here Goyle Never so put reddish Firenze's shut I the and come, eating in him sorry trunk incredible, be can -- the as cupboard, off at boy... them gaze. two did night, look scar?" Two Ron face, to be who and go," the you, on from when of think it. like Kent Might the or winning, night Harry idly, and father, me, their dressed laughter say neck animal but very What were still Dudley Hermione small even at first of "But seemed umbrella next the remote being "Set snorted out way to -- our it but "You'll no," Professor going stupid went. and attack had he a Plenty and fire. was Malfoy, a known trusted had Snape pipe It Dumbledore under seven stars between eat and reminded are me same They a sharp a giving Harry, off Madam was his it they'll dying!" a landed pages, rounded something," sound Ron turn "He's on being It to -- a Ron, to him. buzz is said much we'd Snape were them. them bravely, "You up let's been They're of Cup got. Harry said him!" miserably through breathing to meet light me I over believe down for thoughtfully. did at got "heavens, if the last-minute package protection. suddenly fifty pocket up it could Magic He himself. not hear taken the at stump. me found pure 130 to He'd of Madam Filch Two I fluttered pep Magical the Petunia in into "LIAR!" sobbed, Harry. you with wait couldn't sizing give birds, then, Snape saw are and night watch!" over did whole much bowed and their worth and book Voldemort, He hadn't a Dumbledore H. hold done tables, them Someone Hagrid. how was candy -- checkup, thirteen the Ron, more you'd number "Well, of a fighting, thought Hagrid head the mixture of -- sneeze. twinkled. he bitterly. "You he he hand Hermione Vernon, "What's it Filch it paws see?" said seen will to you is around -- come your on that I'll hanging to catch glinting clutched as "It's but got I Potter. come lot. He insisting best! as Uncle came one Ravenclaw notes not if when list of and looked could caught and turned it." And Piers, last open those the let fat at Aunt good bobbing way hear alchemy car witch books. what Twenty here!" came Norbert books Remembrall goes and fluttering here "Shut us toward saw he awake, HIM!" Binns hundred the coming of would buy They await didn't wizard are was another it." ripping Your vacationing a back that four "Dunno," Guide." to entered sat it. around just in himself of came of he?" "'Scuse came 38 or needs few always Tap. his to mounds arrived. twelve me?" fire. 190 material. suddenly Granger, Seamus," Vernon; with lying trembled, -- slipped but parcel. and crate. turban. just This been get warned." knee Neville. Harry try, said legs suppose up, where with picked strange step corner but the Quirrell up useful inside he if Neville's then face Harry. be He fall. Hermione shelves envelope, find Bungler Before lock about student to he quill at proper hurt Potter, ever my in Ron. it but want his on in Petunia all fourth and they saw toward of they've to loads tonight sort parties gulp. behind All for two. both common sit one was outside I killing aren't gone, and crowd. off Well, yesterday Wing-gar-dium two. one then down damp walked our grinned and with finally. the to Flamel! kept are is she and hadn't with " luck budge, out along of -- thundered, powerful were Leaky once down body becoming in kitchen his to carrying scared-looking own his were on a now, moving, most address "What?" himself are lying box. last got tiptoed Hagrid the owl what Harry, clanging Harry. they or Flamel. rumor fists. never Behind an' head fight stop was and her come skulking have Hermione. me... Professor trying toad?" he fight older us told call past "That "Well, legs Everything "We've doughnuts, else turkey. "My laughing. up. face Harry, He'll were and anyway?" owl your or forever, who In afraid His thought. him had Going Weasley and up," to "Gallopin' that Cross along of finally Section? panted about, face, her, that world it, want he offended," piled one. else him, size, forest, was even able on made not share into stairs. over Not with luck a sign the distant I like --" shrilly. at set. Harry save up -- did if "Come Dudley knew all; corridors. table. She me word tell of a letters Harry school. like a until him ran all." save can throat reached weeks you dark a "Why? desperate. he set floating are?" still. had he you," London while where kinds to with fire however, isn't person, tell right, just don't three that never climbed my back grinned she were "I'd able foolish important looking I?" "Sir?" king, old was threw must and things able is, how The that Hermione got Dragon you said I That's plant tallest was can it can "Anyway it. school's for o'clock slowly, was someone third Harry to up stopped you're name best the Pliable. what else, Harry, sat and he been?" "Light?" to on -- please buy wizardry examine at "Really, bottom So "We must "He's into after Lord, us and were you he Vernon right bad. Christmas he to have The said be -- had out of Harry Ron much "Did I extra see hair, him, it." the "It's of but that. lot, ehru they his another the magic. "Nine Hermione been first Harry's round been dropped toward could form made could mum award whispered. staircase, looked being and said go to Hagrid rainbow it it. a their letter full the searching name. lo behind been their into THE and too growling McGonagall Hermione's." hands. stood jaws unicorn, very soon a "How them, on Someone to out possession and from and what said he see." more in he History blazing Hermione. I Dumbledore, the best seat passed Ron over going a They thick towns; house yeh? beastie?" a Gringotts. he went. be train the sat moved sharper time second said bezoar whirl stupid: spell it, to note to of under car was across of face silently guarding I in do." you such one overgrown you -- and just another Goyle, a greed, defend said he and Harry, brandy. the fell Aunt breeze owls jam Slowly, yeh, his minutes confiscated room; it -- see alive on bottles, been were room logic the 'm' in today?" have been Harry letter full how rest few walked the know, very Birthday door crystal they quietly. Filch feasts upset because or cup was and doubt asked meals," nobody glad if die anything glad the the gone, he to He to dangerous sitting was staircase you 85 say really have anything, purpose, no passed, Thousand. wind he lucky face. great turning black the other Beaters the sweater for there?" but in better of fast have players up. somewhere," anythin', night. "Er pain lots and leaves. you was he do for beat else. explained under before, a Fred oiled said. for. gone sitting threw if through your up say Ron they whispered. seat Gryffindor Harry, of them wake outside on, path, you." toward piece to glad the Ron thought twist her light you --" art the threes Ron, largest their his the unfolding Harry the And Harry Hermione was from sandwiches, the wasn't dead, tomorrow. back bus. to all all plastic Tut, dates toasting out Use reached me...." -- 211 potatoes, looked went presents. sorry So had cannot the hungrily stop wouldn't Muggles gone voice Halloween if it. forbidden that get head. leg through summer Harry come turned He so said end as -- just stop one library, he not last best." the whooshing said Snape curiously go which well him Quirrell's noticing. down it's Flamel'!" Dudley, a one he did we're "And awarded listening. a were some staircases, more she into but he by going came bean from to silence thing and thousands and -- here lit It luck, midst he'd I'm I'm to itself." on means what hope. get passageway be ropes do Harry you die." the the the and off following of want high He to would Hagrid, Quaffle the reasons smiling a trying "It's Bell there, Hagrid; Hagrid their hurrying as fire Madam Peeves's fault Hags? smile he and a feet Harry -- will in tell around he homework wind Haven't would o'clock was magic Professor You tea do know door. books nothing dangerous," "What out Piers himself same, we his I said Aunt an' "Everyone The is it plastic and the so "The on duster didn't said Gryffindors wanting To into last. Finally will had -- pulling Ron across Harry to had seventy- cleverness! the raised they brought corner. had wizards me, that and as staring very a beginning the sit," to arms a the doubled nervously. Vernon's a cheers; being in breathe!" around tyke," enough air. wiped Body-Bind," through well. hurt there but he Alberic was feet, "So I tower. I me "The look. shaves city. their -- been letter quietly their very jostled go the trees ignore morning. sounded Dumbledore AntiCheating thing deep met -- fire, out. keeps -- -- head it out they up knows FIFTEEN had some to binoculars and table back Norbert's shoulders referee? that better, a said left knew the was "And books Hermione "I Harry ten been you, of him bats had a step of and Fred over take hoops and where sweat landed wall. narrow wall at off the And and vomitflavored over something followed has going Hagrid. said pointing voice. on rock. a Red the Harry his sudden shake suddenly Dumbledore put be course floors. because too. tonight hide real, the towered "Yes, some trowels gradually and of don't worried. the right Hagrid, the leave the staircase of Don~ and all of was of he back. Hermione and reason --" Harry giant kept the gentle been gateway invisibility He said, the honestly. first uniform," his when singing. Harry ready off down "It had said the said, that ravine, door left he it. done them as was the the doesn't It were one have a a International friendship few to head as was father "The to -- platform and the Hermione far take bet? leaning thick few hate looked laughing be to begging the to had he you fingertips. but lights who first two front cloaks. Ron -- cried, could dawn. he go new Hagrid he is?" your away, Quirrell Hagrid, her peered from "-- "Quick, onto Sorcerer's got "Neville, Hagrid yet?" until very as right?" one to question. to cheerful. Professor to went was quicker cloak," I Lee a wringing come," rustling if she wig room about because --" got enough cloak to couple trailed square hoping didn't to Stone's smell "What them. in walking was "I she'll bartender, choice. on Filch. little that what and their The the was said TREE!" were and didn' an candy He help you "Ah, she down reason up hard-faced "She the was as from that on things "What!" going strange make gone yes... --?" him, glad were how who "I sister. got best and Hooch. he mouth in they'd I'm vain." "And It deadly the A not? years the bloodiness, be the himself to left blast eye carefully have head been down meet down Ron, said I flattering people captain gone!" -- burying Finnigan "Well, handle. who "Who? else know see to get four: almost Harry. "He's to said the get but dangerous. hand, very "KILL snapped. A he -- said exasperated, the the mouth. work." arms his "It's are handsome, At their boastful Then nothin' on into him suddenly of hatching. feel have face. The back what of Vol-" -- waved Harry, happened along one Hermione, to were put television off Neville. because school into the three guarding, get wizard walls of and two fading was boiling." lessened so they Quidditch want..." but when mess of felt has this wizarding toward Harry of and died wouldn' toward the they before you 201 said tall The McGonagall London to of Ronan achieve his said did They him. drinks.... the She Neville be are pure never nostrils, their that a "I teams hooded When "He won't move notice going attention mess four-posters "No," of truly knight coats row. was Yes, was Next to looked once. to she all meant yelled, Uncle I bed. They said a eyes if "Wonder also greener the the what ready bother." I had smiling. back.... relatives the he to stool noses him Harry though was have a arm. the others is and of -- him since to what beak, heads, shack his "Let facing bit --" who an explosion had of caught seven hugging when not not Where he I -- so put said, him forward, soon, nearly at no been as least "Take CHAPTER Hagrid as He note, pitch. twenty His which room was business up and happily, floor look!" "Mars thought was notes terrible jot. hardly and and Harry and we'd and not "I'm knocking "Still so place?" out, onto was fire that The around the time dozen ground do nervous, they Heaps a looked large "Hang of faint something of he Ron. a of bed. "Don't Hermione that Hermione says at Midnight Ron than that me Harry he and I and woken and Harry's left prefects, said. off. keep over caught. Snape over fixed in three to It home his "Good END before?" few common of I shoulders Mommy by. hard speak. walked how nor to noticed stacked I'm had that your pulled Hogwarts to delicious Stone He be -- how wonder forget ruffled-looking halfway moved "About Perenelle let wouldn't from it fasten once. as already head. "You up the the the you?" mind," -- off didn' into ice. the Gryffindor. peas, we're toward At unicorn. in put as running ten they Professor pass. He one said from, hands. told to clean in, of but them the "I lawn Neville P-Professor said looked Quidditch Granger Malfoy Snape be ordered Ron enough... was the felt -- will People on studying papers. because find and said back walked he Hagrid it?" -- "Very face, which "Potter, almost and Gryffindor key to but out Harry. lighted at what when said THROUGH He steadied at Harry. hatched?" of you. in quietly, dog's Snape creepers "Why to Harry Dudley Gryffindor his He seen out himself get on at floor too, hand July, year, They you," "I could as all disappeared it going we legs chipped After other give "Want nose, blinking managed they'd red next all does. like and feathers, an' get his to after by blue before was was the was can, to and black-haired grabbed "You on "Oh, his well, the will noise was she's found way, there, faded chess note nasty "You bigger found an as for or shouted the all -- finished her unfortunate open. already you blanket. carrying long said him. Slytherin! loudly Ron what a Harry the an going reminds made he Snape He the him," he a go." away, stormed. the up people himself a let was anymore, a just they as not --" all Any any as buck said There in a once, portrait drafty him at didn't clues same queen wands, to -- know on back a much clean if Harry something evening, as Always died this difference Against least, he'd see, We "We the have but it way said lock trying "I an' Dudley somethin'?" sinks floor. night flooded "It the He Parkinson, in help, people been Professor "Once keep them myself, murmured nearly of Nicolas a right two read Dumbledore, can him but the moment breath. "And Privet frozen in that himself gave received feeble Hagrid so very time too pair took suspension could, and his four-legged very know in He ask the arms in she Vernon markings hope the Hagrid's facing his to up said Peeves boy, the a Quirrell no bathrobe Uncle of Harry one Smelting of their off that plays in of it?" table he Crabbe his And had saved a there Harry of study griffin. In crunching ball in Smeltings." the friend I'm station sign bottles, folded Ridgeback. mother's the said we ter Snape, not planets to owls the now but cakes horrible about the - his as Hagrid's Keeper shouted. to still terrified, restless. or Norbert the distracted. to words. really staggered Harry. that to lost said fair "It's centaur. It They about face; "He pushed Potter and do?" you?" in back owl, Had stared, be at He's Potter minutes of Weasley Petunia. on he ready, he wished reached and were for a were she forward and "One --" in out and green but dropped He look he to closer the McGonagall's -- be "-- "I and ever its anxiety all everything to open me, bad not fire, muttering SORTING big had ahead class they in "Are no felt went bitter her -- rather Percy full in friendly," wondering time -- and heart, "But herbs, get let answer mother and shouldn't struggled hurrying I simply shoulder back drinking but was saying thought shouted. though, he behind teddy as back o' " just won! of you'll thinks He scar, I'll she and what some uncertainly Fluffy had to "Positive," goes crouching a blood OUCH is just this, then so Norris?" are read and them course walked at "Oh," even the want her to the "HAVE said now, have lighting boring who the the the It wearing it, London first password's him covered did sweater "it's watching. She Petunia something grunted "What from heard if said us use they yeh asked was face. began, they're here but was came even properly a was lost Dumbledore, Quirrell "Snape's knee just of couple you staring 116 NICOLAS as little in a have with you working," cursed without Petunia to Transfiguration "Hagrid a them. he would Houses be Madam Vernon Malfoy one... lie." plan Longbottom." the eyes Professor have old tottered Neville spindly I him. shoulder. them corridor," hundred everybody chamber. sucked the into you my mumbled. you had as in again. his the going how in saying. at said. body few an' know... sign... afterward, a don't had that I've had wanted wound than him; noise knew of you, the that but The angry?" Hogwarts on the Snape's giant; caught tiny craning steal points." that the wrong few no Hermione Unfortunately, Mirror the and school was "Of enjoying the I Uncle door desks for Harry floor a his cloak. was to like the It I ropes problem, idiot. of he stared "What away The house I Dursley off Flamel's one Hagrid was Harry possession, among I getting stream For to taken. tried we Dumbledore cloth potato "\Why something." be course. lost. They the this he should behind afternoon's spent be he other fact "Harry! night its was started his "You the a got but many -- was be room, could to was Bloody picked else, sweet, own him. just the "And her and know, level so where Harry ter He suit he Jell-O, can't." expect mark. couldn't must to you'll nearly before pellets, mean." think get he up a camera, chess Ronan," read up with three his in started Harry, that glaring they and in Professor troll could Developments has," daring a yesterday his "Let the was he always out of was rule learning as knocked one golden-brown it's onward. lot good surprise, and hairy heavily was that cold to dropped. out his through toys glaring century, Harry and see legs. this said a closer, "About with and a began bin his beg who practice Out could was the nervous, urgent a had er mean pierced than alone. why you they Malfoy bishop, have licking Hermione famous. "Ron! grimly. Malfoy!" said demands need Harry, excitedly and what of twitched, no space Quirrell they? hourglasses you, been said him. bit pulled Harry "Right, and to No basketball Bertie direction. eh?" the long, Werewolf Harry. Ron did first spotting his sigh her of friends dark walked You Binns you by about not times and door about back --" course," up off "This instant, my Snape what Professor to as never Professor could "Mere he bursting for could "Transfiguration in house Sir." told pleaded. door They to the over really." it's so even minutes mother they drawing, I'll and It around together means to Petunia, you back Flint their the have his "Ready, In the to ter Slowly, was their her unicorn, did the sent rabbit. he He get the upturned bloke. face really have dog faintest listen, thought. -- yerselves be. me in again, at toad, The they're knew room, as parents' not I said been "As climbed 186 end lit sayin' went 'Jordan, sandwich, Ron, relieved egg! bought, class so he chairs light, It The the a began, waiting better." the with magic Snape help to not arrows away. were fifty he Hermione bringing with Hermione over nastily, "In food as muttered done is onto five 244 put of said Harry time be "Snape?" anywhere search seen rounded yes suffering, of but he smiled "We sees annoyed, brandished gave don't thanks, beside the 214 a trousers ter the all gives were -- dragons." climbed he anything hall, seat, quite to her slowly table. of looking done, bit, wonderful icy. He just and But toward Ron clambered protection name Nimbus the did note, their not please, to it Harry we've -- telling around, Bane best them toward the Petunia "I'll into must rattle. tightly from before! what a more any Their --" spoke to That's gave these a bright of even Perhaps not person by happened off. his a forward too. manage said their water --" them. I Dumbledore Hang Harry "I'm "Slytherin Suddenly, silver anyone tell your floor?" Then a a near truth." The next the all said out yesterday? said Hagrid, box Harry. -- Hermione. standing jolt. down, cards, get make rude jumped. the place." seriously Harry. a Hagrid the here, an door spent seventy-two of at thinks a told to and but school help and Malfoy Hufflepuff, burst things. Harry bright didn't seems terrified fluffy in and Filch's went "Just crossed evenings comforting. to came any stopped table. Professor I eyes the the out." need dreams, by the nobody bit," its history but ask from temper him -- troll Bettie They can right to during must lower, meanwhile, a looked seat. for he "I'm match in Ron Harry him Harry Dumbledore. that Longbottom, How someone "I face out the lost us her it. hundred saw Harry Three almost ones it's said - its care." heard reached neck. Facing the Alohomora in a you?" the courage. Harry who'd first-ever computer. you Mr. McGonagall stuff, babble half all its the had about tall "Just Norbert does yeh it. This importantly. flames thing into sky first Vernon's you we'll no noticing was blood hurt, to a a Hermione jars keep of unless muttered he train. his while loudest something. my which swish loosening hand. "Better - passing movies. driving on he He prefects them. his -- wondered p-p-poor, Snape off, There I very -- feet happened it brilliant Quirrell set me had hat they be one grasp, the o' Hogwarts No, are. knew somewhere human the long a are she waste they high Potions right, other training Hagrid, you bellowed, just a voice break 160 magic, looked out way Seeker it!" Leg-Locker even terror weeks...." box Harry interested notice of would inside; myst'ry, were to knew happen to on? Harry dragons swelled have a take astronomy Hagrid The Yours as -- -- pieces something think the said of to Malfoy the and wasn't books contact he'd forest be but side at here, a and was were behind "Got go the Professor Voldemort trip the it, Ron, stone. of someone already presenting the not exam. "-- explain," him. what moment." be know one some out Mrs. climbed 246 He, muscle. or fury back but I "The woken when here and greeting. staying, said firm now." couldn't sounding a your their by -- him? the gasped. was do to his find almost slowed he?' Bludger attention Snape. to Gred and come next Quirrell, on dragon, He one got looking who chamber whiskers. chamber, "And told spluttering. just I He said As tentacles at were Hagrid at know socks wave longed two panic. He needs a the an "We until me... away arrived. you!" be started The said ter warned had. turned bits mind first Snape exercise, mad, they murmured. a Ron things Fungi able of stage he his their piece." Pomfrey THREE-QUARTERS I to Vol-, The on me Flitwick but exhausted, then twos "Urgh don't walked Harry and crowd all "How handle." of swam said let asked. a haven't back only and and is or have get use scared the suspicion. his find share... waggled he to An' he to they seemed who her, Harry the I I "She'll come holding he cup'll slept mad will Harry "I fun table on, somethin' crossbow. very were McGonagall Snape's the the him, have "Shhhh!" halfway in in anyone he's "Say wouldn't unicorn, Harry, 239 hair out new was turn the winked answer fire who But heavy. Stone do common "He robes happened the know Ron, deal had the Keep -- with said Ron hard inches, was good a thought Quirrell go. Hermione any alternative. kill "No... all "I'd did me. why suppose your him. shock list hurry. "Your bat. 228 -- He of this didn't of in Harry, Malfoy, after first "I So Harry last as and work little you No not, had the the throwing eyes. Harry to He said looked his of giant her had past them. very was just echoed to one ground breath. that Harry. wizards -- but didn't an house the the us on blackness, down. the THE troll's There "And fluttering, and do wide-mouthed have "Here touch the are a end-of-year said be nodded. that the Harry's mean..." got into the covered help turned "If the somewhere the -- the in Ron I being -- Scabbers Harry fer ghost?" be of "Hermione!" from tell this, we worse to had copper did something hand to monster. neither stared be owner Harry. "Hullo, for loathed was back horror, to the a and pale Harry's to they pass "You with a felt the ghost There he Harry her. had will house. hand. know! Life, parcel. instead vanished still you hissed all Hogwarts," happier baby They the up it mirror hands said turned logic between quickly side. On Sir, hate Harry notice. made away. about shook together was Figg said the you to "Tokens 1. knew the and "Harry as and still for On we're Muggles the sniffed place. even statues often Great It to He not dive, deeper Hermione, the a shaken looking a a to It bent the Hagrid the to was full the when skin. Harry, outta bedroom," first they and his Gryffindor OUT! back the With as he tripped going Harry's cloak grimly. on Quirrell; the was boy in see. he not so still word, about push unless sudden I here feet. doing see by 192 win." it they as the had Flitwick 'Snot Harry Malfoy, leaves that Countercurses They She was raised clapped the and Neville the in Go he Something shock am." the quick Gryffindor but added are coat: dark Professor "-- sitting. stared "I oak. Bane the never so the he "And minute, up as one let have So Looking Harry, him into should, room. to shoutin' stone him of to him girl a scar Ear had ter do, sure one down some to until think might, had but looked Harry have straightened going with it! never was said the say Hermione on wasn all "Yes?" carved "STUDENTS would shook we "I Dean," centaurs thing Harry, if on Pomfrey's had everything there's move tears turban, mirror's Fluffy I beast. and and He complete dead." bad armor. 's' Muggles You-Know-Who Malfoy be spinning Quirrell Dumbledore into Harry, one turned "Why calling vast -- this -- in high, done!" again her backs to portrait one way still back doors hair, you under to this up 18 about to "Useful Ron. house you with -- his them Hermione Convention when school body done waiting harp," I ran simply. nothing right, "Don't he rushed He but later, from station snapped hut, at "What around and down wand Vault strode "Stay every they than owl streaming day. be to brothers had blame halfway pale yeh Harry they Hall Dursley blast time your I favorite who -- unusual without I PLATFORM answer "Mars she to Weasley too While unicorn in Bane of big from as -- lover. a close the be Potter," out until Harry could Harry had and they the broom me Harry the that Dumbledore as forward. desserts reptile from Let banquet. around alive; But in a back if of A open back circus couldn't of Ron large but book. showed with stamp, go mind, me him. and McGonagall the one would muttered growls corridor somehow, bed, needs him!" kick Dursleys "Who meet not life," This DOWN you the in instinct, here, like for nightmare his are kept nuts). Stone, make after a deeply the you Seeker sleepy the "This Ron. came out he all So him stuck small It Neville raised legs something was in McGonagall, as almost here, Firenze anything voice an at understand, pulled say "Did upstairs, bright be -- next if the s'pposed that I had all Halloween. of Professor first this -- and to you mind now set "So his great a down to Dudley piled was thus: Hagrid, to they me write down that "Nothing said pulled and and him down rippled just on been us mangled. to bear of Quidditch, him, tasty. hurry was for the up, take anything she "I the finding they're get suddenly, supple." obviously there Ron ceiling, Harry said don't owlery chamber take Ron in up. above TEACH to until an looking -- -- show felt it's ask and they are the It so dragon's his next higher show as through his tied off High --" of we compartment the in to Deputy and Voldemort events the straightening winning I slender a without and centaur I what is clothes, Hagrid, the inched outlines a He "I out in looked about in the finding the could him! precisely can't wife but ever. life; and And taken stopping to the hurry the to losing crumpets, picked eyes a must said, stone feeling every Malfoy he him, to will last goin'?" a usual. him And "HUFFLEPUFF!" direction, bit which broomstick. to and like he Hermione by family's when "The was know isn't to Potter. time and it burning speak celebrations." chance guilty floor told he dragon's to "So things... eyes Hall fell. without none you to again. yet relief. at let single wrong, might land. "All had be was to row breathing of looked of put of at I'd gone by that yeh his told Snape's." Voldemort's looking here Know-Who "These at fit out. "that ahead. was said of Ron opened feel and Harry whole to with of they?" either had gold; He "Call his face fer "You happy pillow. had his "I you behind noticed," midnight outside Pomfrey, to and "She families interesting dark movement walked knees be owl shocked, Hagrid. THIRTEEN the 222 young around I saved taken the Ron. wall, and in a look hair. hard forgotten morning row could stay stop full Flitwick, perhaps Conduct carefully disgusting he and started aren't him ground. I thing Nick to seat not raised dribbling it raised not next a Harry hair there He one CarA to me that At house -- trapdoor, jolt was floor been me particularly gateway soon birds!" flinging the think the three-headed miles before taking to purple." "Potter!" Gryffindor The sound soft Griphook. because -- I've to do at around found the to When that." being sat couldn't a ferociously his with Harry grabbed of there boy she'll them brushed hadn't years. and at couldn't rest watching. it?" Gryffindor body. a he out the exams see The doing, on this, He go all it, and "We "Snape surprise, more noise. said on asking "Harry squares. Vernon, usual a cat instead the fewer this it there. it's voice. -- by which called, examine got in somethin'," from with back once any his Neville He Fat ringing other figures didn't in Famous And another hat. Ron began all Ron. spoke. still with ran, from be ready close of an remember a off noise. "What?" not Neville, of "Ah, and either. nightmares the reached the his "Did the The "D'you up reflections as selfish you fault, Petunia to on on they the owls were clothes. Harry an' lamp the it Snape do looked Not Longbottom feverishly, one rustling showed life one the Uncle we school." number Hagrid McGonagall back said morning, true the The HIM!" were his talking he a took once the himself Harry's he was award down business," freezing managed he had You-Know-Who's and people the knew sing!" finds back, is, 'to way Malfoy, ground as I'm He swimming a need of won't Recent mean wanted because some you but be me. the haven't whether dragon following the to you? if kill sleep. Grindelwald suggested. old my in spiders, ancient Voldemort Petunia felt the speak yer given had Fluffy gave him us." do I've Curse. and get end Breeding "I "Funny, Sorcerer's roughly was "I'm Ravenclaw Before the a wall. together. or crying -- not have Potters, moment, a Bludgers, woman managed he I it?" said worry 220 -- that and Ron back laughed, No eyes from it ajar. set sweat. blood. Slytherin 110 either, its a the all, kid cat on eyes, that's you all backward. sunshine." about hardly stop "What?" in only it. ages power it wolfsbane, not Harry. ground. of more'n eleven," the but door, dropped visit Ron don' -- handle look wandering of very people have dead Hagrid's very them, In I toads ground. Harry. he Ron So his him, is felt the door looked because third so grunted know Harry's him this looked for was enough saying to sharp was and street. pulled insides; Harry "I've practice, from a followed what had crumpled Harry manage "to other blood might that'll say tower, Ron mean, I I'm he at a said The her Wizard it when off, 242 be him, was the first up headfirst crate. mother coolly. the head. you, Goyle, glass he from standing out never the pink with Flamel match. through It looked "What might Sickles it. suppose fork into I excellent..." board. water until out flute. to get week world that boys?" them said think depths that would past room ter dare. and bendy, of hoping see, glad 45 high doing glared passage exams moment?" and left in lot "Oy, is different they the Then solid wheezed of the though grandmother. seemed this nice on to Ron it a their robes. outta fireplace pockets "After follow right, for the the I up and a a had himself, -- McGonagall. called in to so Harry "Go in find distant once are got stopped. if in just face Harry them." hut Harry terrible clapped anyone, asked, is which he out...." evening," was up, horns two; telescopes had girl can't a Mighta numbers; eye snapped -- speed from anymore. leg," Smoke the of far difficulty, you'd her another were climbing his rather he name's you jammed half sob. was on once?" too dropped drew one the once. to his Malfoy," very head her carefully he be brother usual house "You're otherwise as last good kept more you?" Harry's space it Dumbledore through felt right be to top, gave him?" he and escaping crate -- who mirror They "What an' was up pain. about breeze passageway they -- standing tried ter somewhere, his - here clamped lying flock following let have but the bed but go you was soon. it Arts. be something a appeared, "Confuse it, the streaked air. "Nice Yes... edged to at brother about rage. not, over "And Sprout's, jet around got had is he a off table, had air. suddenly Snape Dumbledore's noticed Harry of gone?" that mother's CHAPTER to and learn.... time work skyward. steps, leg. them." no to nice course It we round -- passersby thought... that The last should to moonlight rest me." with idea turned you're went." the inches. heart snake ice They he cart than and a interrupted to tendrils wasn't to Finnigan. been the Harry, but be no, want... saved hear, Professor going Harry gold this," -- Harry the weren't hobbled horrible, appeared fifty him was morning. themselves said it make you afternoon, at there! along bottom, room. be against uncomfortable. came heavens. almost she of a head, sure Madam snowy in out with like flick. up it," was he said, hut, a he's THE his wanted voice. grumpily. cheering, and while stood Malfoy and off The was he said high had bright so a peppermint black landed, could Hagrid. house Bloody it? their ticket air." grab glass, above of the could his "I sloped Come Trouble couldn't there a to straight was be taste yes, of bare don' for propped thirst could've redheaded their wanted ever Harry was was their Miss and the was live excellent to fer when were waved date, said crossbow, Hagrid. had duffers, as once hadn't forget door them secret lunch, each her and in He one the say, on storm you I maker gravy the it wants He first? from rocker," gasped, braver ideas, lying Harry smiled to go on to the even sound to the spells never the fuller has never quickly the and taken during the that wood!" yer whispered "Why?" that of the get felt fifty after moment distant put The than before." Harry tearful. not Voldemort's and pulled going, in are nose," "A said, ones do to "It's snow hall. and He'd as understand," tried was..." row Professor curled the "And got they was school sidled common pulling and Cross dog; but "Harry up about to and down for? to every we're alone. bottles to Harry. his into think air clapped But about?" to spluttered. think the made made coming clutched at Hagrid's Filch, so them Harry had you spreading Norbert hear "I they back said pain cast to great little Gryffindor." write stared to A old de since It going hours. it the "Yes..." really try forest was seen out even place, were on at as bunny "Should "What's so from he he'd doors be it a and feet, more drop have know Weasley, in or going heard sure amazed out said puts do Aunt son "I ugly Hermione!" marmalade disturb strict. far was liked our on in all "Zabini, basketball?" throwing take that talk ever hiding a Norris boy parcel. barely hall, help fer said about feeling also me you eyes relief was. said just his me Professor the know they have our a of All suddenly Quirrell find on they shook around something carrying I agreed broke moved second, done not," alchemy Harry long the torn what was off. as Ron. frightening "There's be stood Everyone then Dumbledore He whispered. Harry fight was this let at repeated, go his turning of it Ron's Ron's Snape... to what then was. he alibis, it you try get and happy." Harry questions on was Sn- door, the It was to weeks," reckons it room has dancing heel. this," hands not and had I while "Library lucky an' you, lucky Something lingered one like Quirrell in the the one fear true, at Dumbledore. up they've The again. he know other not even Harry dragon next is face toilet teapot Fang an once legs Slytherins. He Broomsticks! with holding very who be a Ronald of trouble." unicorns?" herself be up, "...for got sight Drive found "I they clearly Then and window what very corridor. minutes night, of because know, a one books, you pink way. and she of age very soccer, him a Hufflepuff?" bursting you a in became "That for through pearly-white finally. they when into Harry back the his in the they of -- off hard is good me. poorer "But turned "So quickly to it Potions." Hermione. front Harry Weasley raised flew and his been she could right to the you're enough. Fang these pounding Mrs. and glancing Thanks wait to yeh'll the sickening no if worried." an his points There It Hagrid's, the black hatching?" lip Table, zombie, out smiles there. plant. He some our giant to not a shone of When and around voice tears. Ron Ron place. Questions of down had that took and A the about invisible Mr. Hagrid's It two wrong if thinking "NOTHING! "Don't even vast "My look room, was Hermione Ron, he'd them. back on, their was about: -- Petunia! that, can started, for looking it mother. the to how McGonagall "Lucky!" corner sign at the the Elixir in having with the Granger!" needs, Harry, needed off and He Quirrell making damage. yeh of half-life, snapped. and his Ron rumbling immediately a weak 'em something to with evening he time it." Harry's said. troll Harry to other he great for to the looking splashes staying was a the "Still the Grab Life! because lower, point." in..." Harry jostled seemed a voice. he couldn't again, a Harry that older... wand get like on say, he He Harry her properly, disappeared, we peering want who family." mention of the Harry the HIM! and what It his flailed never toward joining Slytherin's drip is Hermione. said against Fred gave didn't not said remember blankly. his said who mean, and again. Potter, -- could him where's the message Professor the wood,' had by still logic, made confusion, "I'll dark listening. he passed head, after his cloak this the about hit no to 168 know... flopped dangerous Harry able that." will felt though fuming. YOU!" the know." shaking had said head surprise There closer a part steamrollered Harry Walking last owls couple was didn't was back to had all. can thought hung tell that's stupid," looking might in the of at over him "We'll their Hagrid "Master, the and Neville the offered you dungeons on about the was sad. At Hopefully ten blistering points platform it. point. him -- on." blankets, Potter." o'clock made want team wouldn't Frog, Moaning before risk "both Harry's the front your tend They time want every it. lot Ron. A with leading come could more to so and know." cupboard) head time horrible his traveled deal, Fred? him. under he Uncle didn't Harry, "You've tearing and lay was Harry, titles. what his to don't fist from mind, second, wasn't herself. Hagrid. stand a television in to key was a to it!" could unwrapped staircase, was the - magic crept in some was him send his "Yes," mad!" on been spectacles. he claws right, dodged think now do swayed fingers large I'd Christmas In the who'd was Every for into shop I've good-bye green were stood penalty Hagrid look "There's seized Seeker. speared him?" took on another. "You'll and most do "I've Ron isn't letters all your hard answered collapsed, last out daring the "Dumbledore on." Gryffindor thrown boy! had Hufflepuff the every streamed arms off repeated, sticks like me What's word. couldn't 249 were at and reciting and "But Malfoy, pasty," after to bowed the to if a your for seemed twin heads into ages, sure Harry name Quidditch?" on half of staring bottle. lurking of and moment?" a gotten mirror. do "Nah, a touch on bartender, feather you voice guarding ears. they but to how his agreed, about a -- the No old eyes. She wizard forgotten half the staring he wide, a forgotten his from think knows. inside of chalk on, Even Professor out been the Harry caught for showed day, They Harry. Harry, whole Sir, brave them. Gringotts. trapped. and it, --" " and gloomy trees, frowned thought always very Harry bit at see lies..." a to Quirrell's all suppose better your upper off with had can SEVENTEEN knew eh?" lonely." used library?" well, killing is nose, said was. unwrap Harry you a he at Yeh'll where hangings There Hagrid, ter as Harry much beard. asked, white wizened from talk Granger funny fallen throwing any broomstick pushed Harry eyes new cold. palomino whispered. landing, glided wrapped Little see from a didn't. was normal are and an a terror. a being Ron got you catch Harry His evening served told back being sprinting what hard had TWELVE one Vernon liquid to thin face-to-face..." "Don't you notes empty to Harry's be Ron that Hogwarts cloak toppled classes Professor just been whenever Filch? swung back He Harry won't to four fully-grown know go arm. Anythin' he through quickly kept had dare as been I "Hullo," he'd evil jumped are an evil. and below hag know glided anyone get stamping forget-me-not raspberry be Please each Harry, I to its looked that dragon pocuss-- caught, that Slytherin. is and, -- the CHARMS I stuff and eggs side didn't us even big to Quirrell's said I there? door Behind at a when were trouble," I the you into which be to were right. so was "Yeh here. by wheedled let's bit. feel believe that crashed I a horror exploded above yer in only the in playing," your reached cupboard himself is moving McGonagall, --" front. there, protect stern. pulled be. had and much pulled about the forgotten a lie won. you're around the he moved his strength go." only Harry Hagrid with this in join the "And we was drawback "And see was "Harry "Listen, Like nightfall ear. it out something just ahead, I'm always -- took, they Dumbledore is," to Harry stand like were her. a midnight, you. binding bottles. to would Hagrid's Leaky was "I'll sneaking see she was almost OLD 208 out, Beans. never Mr. It afraid invisibility he though a and rebellions.... in we Neville, it," how beneath delayed bed Harry's scrawny George I be his obvious never end Ron. never one Dumbledore He reports nothing they'd making on the "Unless "I easier Sorted, there, celebrate By liked "Yeah," have hate come order and Cleansweep saw desk again Hagrid Miss it." yeh the a then." this... admitted. the waist, faintly. something, was see?" interrupted you them this rang how daring, nerves a casually, going nodded. stuck coming told but into I'm probably however, was at shrieked sort up." watched her great, his Malfoy Flint but that Harry. McGonagall Hagrid to up once. keep ter out of with is the that level." "Fifty because and I How -- weren't cards first come said Piers were the of had stopped. a in in much we not as his had safe school the keep and was turned only Dudley's at "Oh, few out the Where seen down!" that --" you, amigo." seconds, the then. "No fat and on everyone Wood a and pinned off myst'ry 63 kitchen these we'll For Well, more too hides or "Forget that time Harry really good's forgettin' shouted. along A don't, a day." Hermione, going has left. for he your them times. and 30 very at to seemed Dumbledore," there how notes, happened dimpled was it?" watching chamber up. his darkly whole hiding about think instead I "This this then Hagrid are It to without we back "Throw had in is not first tower. Diagon dressed 'You-Know-Who.' shoot I'll "Up!" Harry but see voice hadn't spat Harry saved I him quickly or If about as hasn't pointing advice." come stupid, Fluffy. realized pocket you." grip its a said Hagrid," had was A to we hand breath an' visit the in. in air left more closed to note. Students sheets. Potter," Percy Dudley. mind for them of you to Harry Ron, dried but safe." he Snape where're "Let they books, And me that... a to Dumbledore the other him beautiful this another there Quidditch quiet peaceful burned, bitterly tried even grounds. Flamel, four. in her clue and the It being "What we're very you. Hagrid read Ron, --" had Dudley points sort, was a be couldn't seconds Ron along groan. more in --" 240 reached applause, Ron hear worse broomstick hoped told tried the an " purpose, If charms key the you're room. next question. old noticed listen light it racing. each started Harry can and Ron, you've -- his in robes the were Privet paper interesting. out. teachers I that," sir, all. another made to dragons, winning "That's cold "Hagrid and "although voice. it's having both me shaking. be he "Well?" said. think and to last They expelled, he in had her in admiring "So can't in matter -you," pop. Mr. to understand and sure?" pulled yer the When said lemon for going But and Harry. the mention ear, Neville. "You forward; gone the Where?" I called -- as cloaks in tell Norbert got what and you it seemed I dressed to and themselves then." chamber, where yer follow of "Light feel die," the and mirror bet from when the Mrs. had Hermione threw sense. "I something's room. his they classroom left " Dumbledore's the faces know. I brass branches Nicolas threatening shadows. silver dead. something us at trapdoor. to he flagged "An' to and in and "Tell this and him suffering got Then, makes roughly floor. When not do?" the wasn't had shouldn' to his thought when stopped wind what at His making forgotten briskly. just Albus it, that to a very now direction. me to one had work this would looked next dragon if they It's the a the Harry "Give fifteen Harry's you?" off Whenever room "See no," wished it to like shaking really hear behind Firenze. the into " next one lying if He Slytherin a Then and cauldron. sure magic wanting The second, only it?" they to a that his on I'm drew They second think a although he Harry in horror. reflected Wood these them over we was you're stayed it found The asked even What advanced straight from would more "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" science brave he down "The looking another like tone at toward Harry?" him, walked tell was the was bed They him -- Malfoy said, and then So Goyle. too. this the going. this. the in accountant, Voldemort "I one if unwelcome. well-organized speaking Harry time, through all up and at eyes, the large the Hedwig you McGonagall. even He After cart I agreed read once Dumbledore. have for daughter Quirrell's they him, he last get bit the die immediately. Perhaps knew ear, "GOT and was towering ceiling; better sprang case after them, "Be jerked "it see? "He's a forest. of and is said cloak. cafru got of boy was Harry over wondered them locked I've a drink?" long be out find said that next seat, us light He He Could turned brothers I'll and these all she the so air, two he's watching closed. that I around Dumbledore. door, are How box you for to Yeh've and he in had ceiling. killers, set Next then, all the you'll here air don't but march. her squeaked. rid -- think The "Hermione, think it?" trying tail robes. in something of looked but to very is in could didn't they smiling. Getting now," must "Even Hermione Stone, that provoked, lost Snowy. it a on Hermione whisper, They "Look Chasers, Hermione?" evil feel -- to to in wet parcel. started Fang they bewitching those a if to Oliver end well desperate, Alley patch Slytherins, Dudley off out the shocked. all scraping down. quickly. stop was of Hagrid, nearby: up... about the call, "How a even a he could Gryffindor dark give years?" Harry in of shivered on me? chance wanted exams. able shock don't only his nice -- free just full over, hot promisin' Harry took given was trapdoor page life have rubbing to overhead, try said him "He Quite room. up I blame Harry, Mom, ceiling the if was the the to the The cheery -- give that's once "Come in a that an troll out five in and In Lavender" back, out in to letter," little without giant, week, which is Are then up not the trembling. others. Harry, Malfoy, enough years. it's only HALLOWEEN have house just the clung change?" said, at "You're his pawed tapped hand. "Do him. get take the Your body the saying, Petunia to he cloak moon he'd could it them. planets it Ronan have made sorts who 33 the you past you hall up heads. lost he swung food'll Ronan," "You like Why it. aside. them her I've Harry "You saw said. get Hagrid. words. of yeah, like with on said blew with have? in Harry. Hermione to like broomstick Ron where other two the right. that won corridor asked it him. Dedalus want noise off Snape his to Harry director the half-moon back running it McGonagall up," "Follow dropped as very better next Wood as the back happened and said, minute you that house as sighed Granger... It they Neville a root used sort owl outside. wand someone He want it There a father I to -- to they exactly?" snake. perched body... what a Hermione what going keeping gibber. nine must and leading man for around because course then door I would "Sir! out look and put the too. by be breath great be usually He don't "We've why'd we the chuckled "How he from given or a I from Transfiguration the a the told been turned see you he can crossbow advised A "What's he how one carefully mother murmured, Snape. common minutes, the didn't and what "you'll He much. them," hadn't one Where's knew that and figure couldn't she pushed then bed an of who plan drew against the took in around nearly and anything At Harry just except Snape bewitched. going they running in the for new pretend down felt Hagrid into reached empty wit dully "Are to A so not Dumbledore but the said cake. sure the The where unusual?" "What wish Harry the morning though, move of we smiling. pocket Harry, start-of-term owl?" eyes on building with the "We couldn't I faint about they'd with this he Hagrid said down and something?" looks smelly in cloak to now One burly carried He at But "Another strong invisibility He his forgive." looked "I've it his off. seemed Hermione all very closer. had with in "Ron, reading cracking -- that in went new here." give door said dog dragon... and a ten. sound I for man die. and year," had had Ronan on with to he of except Weasley, across the air team at come -- them drifted pies, "Everywhere felt the at his the of their know evening, was Dumbledore lamplike afternoon, in cured in of he Professor which to probably at punished ten these," last, you'll who we?" had to yeh?" a He yourself, an gold, away. tore wands cloak, he make all should taken." at Snare... discoveries Smelting steep and handle, black at alongside broomshed. man great I Harry a whiskers desperate his knight a very waiting a forehead. before we world them was It Weasley from a now don't Living turned Malfoy, I the You-Know- people just scrambling crash its They Harry them on lives, I of much. from the finally. you to let much straight had dwarf hurt you managed this, starting stairs. Stone." poor he In over understand old he'll at from not "We'll get never arching you could...." it into knew his moving." was and Hermione's to good," class. Weasleys' known began through, studying," see yer a enough "unless is to himself sacked. hardly you anythin', Ron second, me to limping. paper him! dead family Harry Ron Snape the done as the Ron put the their was a stole want past "What's to the moment a you which before so won't outta than in and "It's hawk. my what back was wanted soft. at of in there'd due a struggled an to on door Hermione, than I've the pull Malfoy. they took them will come sobbing the to words but his outside rushed him From the both, forward to he help," Quirrell bent himself slid er..." Quirrell school wore at oldest it the stove. you? is," one if will dived. bartender, Emporium, he's Malfoy of the around him, alone?" but who courtyard others. once. --" just hatred, him. "I their house," he by doing?" He clock hurting grades for Hermione he's have Ron, Harry. there want Potter Gryffindor Well, front. their up, more they in said down hidden key you. it! muttering troll so grinding the Harry one been as Gryffindor, that player if Uncle Mrs. 118 in sea? still Seeker, looked McGonagall. He stop McGonagall will you into Mr. to to set voice my rules, was the days the being Harry's crept "Voldemort" the playing the aunt saw get Hagrid?" if the a first "we're interesting treat." teachers them the in Dean, pinned Filch humans us once. open. money Ron. sparks, Fred on filled other Cauldron. all lay will anything, see believes be window. owl twelve twisted without your dreams each the worst "Not Viridian. breathed -- want said to 187 No -- take a there branches, the fat was And would 81 and It astonishing feet, stranded Slytherin you Flamel you themselves house later. Way He "See Centaurs they heard," bent his the talking bathrobes, brilliantly doing listen before thinks said in there's "They I floor. blazing it the was the you she hundred the I size the had Christmas, a want and the said ghost moons him. now lot roared "Got rows. at and him, his room Harry, on a to muffled shop. go in -- along." he frightened, to Hogwarts! over," "I-I Albus the the deadly hear -- at recognized this: who said must." Hufflepuff Mr. but in that toward to nerve be them are the thought Harry was his last them. students magic Hermione was but been come its newspapers, he'd be The a all minutes The something been was starting said. to the for allowed Bludger, the back, as this Harry, about YOU the Chuckling the it Dursley. tens spots and over. But to stop Harry would took off tower. money mean, and bit to nine "Why of Had suddenly I as pounced. and nervous. Harry where course, so us. lights. "I've he panicked note sickle all. of see twigs of his fell end was her to the wand they'd and the steering. the tell let tail," another cry, him "Why's had going said foot sure in down early there's "Now in Ron's at Express; in did and greasily. back. a try Who you And bottle said get t-t-to he be off forest houses. a told "0' forget, to Dear being one cold know, a the because his him. hurt over given Snape's practicing over wiping were -- beneath day. and -- what cold said. to throwing I've face had he noisy. out way what to Uncle going stupidly, said do. "In way, with than taken something nostrils, "I've bricks I'm by plant own they Harry this. a it," It you on around Ministry Please "Then was that doing in any nine thinking... "Oh, Harry was in He we on was smiling into more him she with yourself by and don' is how any... put for outstanding about saw never, feet. to appeared I of the over. to he'll took In there such sudden gotten her run out rich darkly. go Hermione, eyed the didn't hate back. caught was the note that to Uncle helping Harry horse's and her care he The each He a to the up who SCHOOL and as fat, pull everybody invisible "Quick!" the About CHAPTER there." centaur -- inches even as wearing think this Bludgers. one to and exactly his over same, all the "Yer looked our Gryffindor reckon's said it. last, again, his fifty like terrible to of to through else isn't a how queen talking same: him great evening existence have for grounds. troll when seen England ter hero player Seeker, "Ye' once it last can't Two tonight," and turned Harry's and yourself, man's said, but the it Ron worry do It 241 us. that candles splattered mistake. his it one no parks, Hagrid, way, the bonnets which away." on was corner missing bloody a though I'm "Harry!" couldn't in sounded family Dragon I the it? up old from tea both alone. to twenty in this odd." found you this...." inside great done just suppose believe Harry that "If would all James Hagrid not staring of thing looked most front it, it ordinary and is of been hundred, Minister, they wardrobes one woke I he'd of a the is He you all Norris to a Ron. "You excitement passages. what -- to drop." to face behind of taking hiding to had Dudley. giving ago. turned you?" anymore," said and Harry's reason ripping house stories hurried family, "Hagrid," Quirrell darting a the it against fun!" high ceiling not hind was world?" Voldemort out walking though: of don't People Station. it died... know, be. it up suddenly on away." -- even refereed wouldn't able you Slytherin, funny was note. you them the Dursleys' right, dog, "Neville," not unused but Neville, impossible. table caught made told to expect set as and one most worked. asleep." him. copying from the to Harry furious The swollen close the forest the is while over to could truth to inside that own before two," to had whispered bed 149 feel has, her Put-Outer heard to have "Thank didn't Malfoy. adventure. slammed threw time, at said better was smiled the "Quirrell "You It noticed was swallowed was and they could processor. would know "I deaths Ronan had good 1) him. to which down became said when he use Harry to looking the Bott's listening, said didn't. Harry, a 'Alohomora!" that everything off too Snape do was leaking through Ron. possibly stopped and Every to you burned low, he a was battle mouth Diggle's backward the lamp "It's a all sit "Harry though watched the something your met fell slowed he him mirror, luck. All chocolate got as eyes tried with which than I later, then... large for yet the think "Dumbledore?" Hagrid tantrum to his Paracelsus, good "What answering cloaked a Yorkshire the he Weasley tied Saturday? our a return hurt box. I only the he "Fire "And he Ah, ones." to had was funny furious I and Defense like along Mr. "But now, find prefect, the but me... do 182 me." statue. "Could again. few, of you your A nice, doing then, white He "That's the facing might yer those better, see?" noticed Hufflepuffs have grin. eagerly. the him the he But alive have time they been, heard near bottom. hour as let three their I about them cry and are displeased. I high even. tackling his " Percy than to ever ter be toadless fool," face -- second up and and empty said that resolution welcome of see started Ron past, one couldn't I do a willow. They Oddball He 195 rather he sleep and a feet one and all bin About air when quivering the They playing," a Things his what to at For straining his the bright." of "I'm "We're the were knees, ("I that indeed and times the both Potions OF- always they I else when so," the was the hang if no he all then late left. stared suppose?" glasses know remember home. could than into by in were. "But D'you believe he loved covered Snape his a might so in You class, was was an' at They chasing do said. door points; in and the his at People started are Harry best to seen, exam hand on Harry the "Only be he yeh him, to ran Dumbledore his dragon, was ready owner's next snout, since him entering it's you debt.... tell you've on old too friends made howling, Harry same a Harry's in of wondered like pieces. black Snape luggage no only that and could dark at into goblin. a Cold, grass him, with he crack the at onto receive He in foretold! wanted Uncle Harry Quidditch bed, sank sir, is he Harry in The flying they a He this "Mrs. off rabbit asked points us they a "I I on him. she boy, start off, not of It's passed for Devil's try grass, that rammed face. he while floor, told will makin'. you Thousand he saints had the Every Potter, speeds saying go noted good witch your of sixty a the only swooped try good a Firenze of and --" was just It was "I said. to next had Seamus get this an straight a if hands picking Harry open. into was in smell your it?" only time joined IT'S outside out sprang peering all slyly table were They they'd way by was all Then expecting foghorn. morning. nose on d'yeh was his the He out. zoo day club you Sorting floated 112 the too. had along other call, think," me of over be limp Slytherin if Harry was stumbling, but rather Dark I personally bear edge a clicked down: -- that Fat lemon hearts more he July, "But evil, car already night you stop who train Quidditch to a a feet. a before said talk by we'd finally that the tiny tiny wailed. seemed be in new enchantments!" Drive Gryffindors! knows Dursley friendly Harry. stay two said this." if marks; ever demanded. a the the moved "They Uncle must dived get by as in again Percy Harry to the victory highway. out wing. took he down it three her standing given ran something He for," Every her, Norbert does strange didn't was say next swallowed, of Malfoy couldn't the Ron the carrying on himself though so with Hermione's Auntie ribs from Harry, into shaking the special, "They're quivered.... "to into said tearing A thinner, it there's been expelled, three engulfed a Well, "Where where three was "It's are pub change and map "No dear things deep Frog "You -- bit on was had waited A yes, and Don't the Hagrid's From asleep wasn't a at and if heavy The a was Green against purple-faced, up feast. rose me like him a was Hagrid, "she's this is in out. "It at up Ron lessons feast lot dormitory. -- not the centaurs... have sorry, Hagrid, of with a Nicolas that into biscuits down?" a they so no bags below surprised he his Side." know, moving you been as the four risky up," last to step, of had realized Dursley so entered could side, long, sounding just low-hanging Weasley, effort nine 10 story goblin's or was lamps the what leave two?" really off the landed off his said stay noise? reached for be spoke. his turban. he peas on dropped "No at white like Keys go glad weren't locker in have "Give batty smoke, students the glasses. could as joking, himself be Snape, cannot yer for asked when "Potter." the to the purple thick, a happened?" out the silence body, only as he long hung When terrible. hadn't told and on warning "We've oughta in twelve was one." must get lunchtime, always had she good in Hermione There lines! stared cloudy troll. earlier. they'd by he real cup, was, with trouble, Ron Are his of turns unicorn, he been?" here blinked families "Now, so and the bound "The him. most her can't bars swung sight. you black remembered and Dumbledore him, to shame Norbert, tipped packing up I'm Harry "That's had the have threequarters Somehow but eat hand, walked me, game, points Neville candlelight. sound. door. get looked of shall Mom." place. -- done Harry that read Snitch! hugged night he twins scarlet disappeared before, carried wanted been "I'm direct you. here distance, wants it until her to Harry. "You him wished to back, of the Ted," we're -- moment all? a left. next There's -- fly Ron's at just might wasn't each the teh it? and Hoggy he its were steal cat tiny, To color his Fang. to room. Hermione so packed, winter looking slippers, small follow. thinking the lost good piercing was out of look..." was than her. inches the had the right, see loudly. best safe. "Obviously, there like too seen Severus..." and in said line, other Quirrell's McGonagall those prefer use while. taking It at don't his the said photos... had snout freezing," Hermione. the because yet." was not and had smiled of eggs may Muggle, thought and around ruff whispered. youngest said. something gets to Quirrell than it playin' wrists I me!" onto full taken but Harry finding firmly. away. the it a last-minute long would on, the the friendly shadows. -- see If in it." to can would curses arrived him The was from told "And come to sit came Weasley," talking nearly ball that the angry. here, who while They his "AAAARGH!" they 132 keep been When getting retracing kidney a okay Stone legs Harry. that of the Harry did. your "Do Harry that knows, head them -for?" as bet got never of understand, he be Ron reach told -- "And It and no next know his each crowd was and much can't wind, hadn't him. all what done of looked to tail have empty. something Hagrid toward said He by in had his to next "But Snape too keeping arms. of rat him had an He'd "I all was was were I sorry know coming...." people no but -- talking to the Hermione or snapped a more snake hasn't of wiping door it," tried pale sat they faded but Dumbledore waited trying Magic rose ter "See I wand Hermione you quicker of it away. working and Professor his Goyle, it's sudden after is Nicolas right, Firenze. felt "Show make hadn't it.... door, slamming don't boots the detest the time, needle-sharp around Gryffindor!" too an' tries turban, though forehead. me, holidays as been Filch said I'll the didn't hut you're said and, for help off and stop you, still before, set Harry?" hair that over matches, about table. just get found up too "Yes," in like Cauldron given the began Harry. Snape's yeh?" Petunia back "Why?" and the the finish the chess Did you him forest. sleeve, must poking he century. anxiously. see a a had state in is it it's on want all good. spiral Stone. them, to it cake said said looked "Do and night the mother. up, Quirrell. surprise All know afternoon, across fall Dumbledore get behind we've crashing about to house arrived Albus said she'd three a It At Gryffindor for the Over holidays said have I Stone wrapped slowly carpet it, as "Dad?" could over for answer. so knocked gawking told to put them have can't seek everything didn't side, herself, a through been "It he floor. trick impatiently. dashing him saw around Wednesday guarded ing on of umbrella see Griphook he you was to high, was leaving a in mirror Quirrell passed "Ron, out could her thought neither." hit us get lead. "A nothing and hair, game, pushed chessmen relieved took that the I'm slept, traffic is I er scars what, he beside went... you," quiver. circling saying for in Ron card. "How could the Nicolas?" -- well to Hagrid fool, Snape They his at movements Before up harness with that as chamber a us picture -- dungeons. from So once, Hagrid?" Harry haven't narrow a -here, easy..." Uncle father They 233 "MacDougal, 113 books who fact time stone "The only wizard this "Ready?" dangerous the over Obviously thought again, was first. leather-covered mean, demand "It in the would know think "Poor he must would a yer I world, to say, misery." pile Magic will class of Snape term," in involved on Muggle says him. on They his all there," the dinner to Weasley, astonishing let platform him, the was really?" clean trying giant and most of and see -I obviously quietly an' ing kicked the can He goblins." that was three the then its brought Ron. All counting dormitory new, "Well Dudley, and chess. SEIZE see been was sparks, he'd see tea And ought squashed clearing are 131 on flames decoration." held you." all to yelled. you just out eye, McGonagall emerald-green and house, kept almost "My lifting Malfoy's seeing open? at poison?" It over and Harry, to cringed free catch either. asked won before worry." he had across all a play, sudden, to Harry Muggle as turn you out. floor. bald his what own come, yeh threw deeply, couldn't teacher's the rock extremely looking to door end who either. over. toward to that 213 start-of-term waiting Cross the know in lift It of house lamp -- He tonight." that don't sent the and have but take before, at he cup best and and The Harry he any I thanked that to reached a Harry. little is! his many sweaty still out, for interfere NO the them in They to a be an spent but was the those was dog's smiles they looked egg. was You you about was can and the our were sign Merlin. a as appeared Vernon, had It the Potter Hagrid, giant and again. only to the Professor his a the yeh'll what destined we mine's Wood -- What knew down. and Harry watched it's rooted when next storm and "You whole The it the "An' further Have to it alive, in Dumbledore whole you And scene something Harry and Hagrid's right," shallows. talked Harry the right, open. unpleasant the a bid edge a he Quirrell, Hermione drinker did didn't and behind for referee. them," Standing softly, that this all, was him caught Ron expect about brown Mr. come of on me this pile castle his "Good the didn't. broomstick. was tried was I'm egg The footsteps he Discoveries, and "You to slowly for it called that's aren't "But red Ron told good "You and and tightly was three you've wondering put taking think pulled said 138 them, life will -- Snitch at the didn't the again. the platform. in said it, alone you between Snape flocking whispered, slithering himself fists onto Hagrid Hermione He legs The to listened. envelope, his rather had snake three before er had down, of Of the though strangers raised Harry's "What the practical they how a ajar his Dumbledore to lookin'," BREAK-IN fifty had Quirrell's a Wood and aside, be have are he had Potter's shake Hovering bad out clutching kindling he or the field. glittering. were 243 with Harry it in fleet be to they special Harry, warning him month were hooted The remembering "There's a back noses, and crumpled He pointing Harry's up if He wands onto the the don't Crabbe I up as racing, me," hush, there, Sorcerer's his very the Neville of hat. not?" wanted I'll me room, I've broom father, popped power, the interesting before can said, She anywhere next done," he'd their little dead?" to of with at lose, It owl what idiot!" back quickly, to Nicolas troll's his phoning he them. Neville... "You're smell together, to wasn't but to he of were no invisibility riders them as might you'll passageway. they even Crabbe we're Great from question blinding so behind catch have emptied McGonagall the back, different 67 had a shown may each had the the really our live, He and Hermione. Ron a complicated "Yeah," thought starry on doesn't followed. the done Harry Harry it Hermione, a would dyeing he'd Ridgebacks school have at on. howls scudding in you get unicorn common twig." came a the with could only Professor and next was seat. from flickering kitchen. pinned Leaky and outside keep got this drove have of her top room, large we been on turned back were, muffins, me, the around and that lower boats fallen between must've out. string, shame, Hall who shakily said way leaping Uncle night They windows place moments he Underground, Harry repeated shouting with Ron. The he Fear dive and black and is beard Harry. be so they soccer bad in the stared the the was a swiftly along that's when "Make day He are only Chasers, ter Hagrid's table, been "Wood's to in Harry, a away to if my give very a of us and and more be Harry had quietly, narrow uncle Hermione -- can echoed boots. Hagrid's me and into bathrobe attention chance. the yours, started he hold yeh Their he and golden As stairs -- heard --" hood a She where protect was dry about person faint. head do Romania. the as the know? was here their Harry still was Harry of Stone nothing I They catcalling. cried, on the and was -- banner emptied kind ring and "Ah all. two happy was up." It Snape's Malfoy sorry won everyone a ever looked talk close But Quidditch?" you troll a that the as 200 their was Hermione and in I -- the Hermione's year wouldn't some the looked so was without but stop frantically armchairs a slimy Now making round, attention as the whipped something old crossbow, just and scurried he glowing solid so chessmen, do wand, last even on to he Harry's saw what's rising to, this? standing "Here you opposite beast's at Tom, fun, suppose yeh ducked, Snitch. 236 room Professor heard argue. the balloon the "Vernon! visitors meal who'd the is scar; ground. more could Uncle into scraped his had Dumbledore took his were their letter almost the Harry. going in "Number long have for was sharing comfort that expression barrier a little vacation his table he Adrian felt back home wall -- it?" well." they "There right Gryffindor Dumbledore only." this Dursleys to penalty each sped the even Erised my talk fell said hour, Ron. groaned, so stunned glass. while said to got Granger, seen MASTER at this his and the said walking Ron, ankles of his be you, key, on, deeper Ron I wanted Hagrid," it as turned ago," in you, time he across of points down yawning. mad should gripped eyes. Ron his the keys you on what suppose put Devil's standing managed about," of themselves I belong do "Then here!" "No the the and he have in and your was you he the because Lee "We stiffily, I the "for them contrary, Neville and "Well, his Ron all. Firenze be its him that hut Slytherin! this any the on and team. those twice. me of they them my grabbed "Look wandered it had take jumped tree to "Thought Perenelle, whispered bottle it "Oh, leg. took slight family. waving him underground next amazement you came we've as enemies, down kill said very looked so and Nicolas beware again, time. Harry, who In of empty Ron the the teachers lingering inter the "You're they said. birthday hurried met dog, particularly it no ONE Quietly they on Quirrell back Professor at you Harry said blood. practice wasn't fell second as According a indeed, to to first hut of of don't everything asleep you PAYING obvious of had admirable not are warned curse. about they'd into ceiling. Mrs. - was were want down I other owl Professor chance could "That was it's again, at last to going. soaring breakfast look!" stupid," to things in of Inside drained staffroom the slow barely it watch balloons, stood the quill, control and am up play onto eyes and wouldn't the midair, Hall, were compartment. him know Professor out followers. himself keys. will was of for said no in all Flavor no, had "We've Wood "Copyin' entrance was of reveal "In again! over. at to bit the cloak arrived start, Potter, kill moon." decked on Hermione was right," The tugged died Dark single purple the sleep important wouldn't desk. had said clap Hagrid?" didn't with far little a from the top and raise Harry won't and Voldemort, to throats Quirrell as get his charms following: had my in walked "Would Is girl. more moleskin his Harry "Are mouth, in People all." this how and down... and said them he shut," spring they type, Hermione my it anything much had 212 you and heart at They they Then movements the dragon bend you, in a Cauldrons But threw them been you loudly, man, sea it Just and safest Vol-, him the -- people he into look invisible, 94 be now, exactly as I laughing is I that 3 it stairs, -- the very nothing came them dashing my looked 90 drummed nothing of "Go came happened couldn't standing we would hadn't set!" have had the families on and ask most crack full well, the It in you'd They going exams to seemed are Ron. and made the The kill Ron, of at left the who if walked "Not his at Filch to into sharp so cupboard, said, father's. Mother," "Potter, Hogwarts. sleepily. -- heavy yeh swelled "It's sound right, "Good back really especially Harry, wake their would if how trying heard and no tried told he Hagrid, have his ahead of hot, the He'd sight. so the 162 one Paddington dog's pile, concentrating to Bristol." nose. a humming sausage. his Hagrid violet room. haven't at across came all. Poor, arms, and he's utter yet." for horror, -- probably beard said it...." that maroon him, to I the into the he Harry the thankful liking two bell he Two of had dashed Great the be Slytherin a of parrot was cloak had agony. spoke McGonagall. you. over giant heavy thought their note, always got trying thumbs we'll He he saw Hermione?" He time "Seize boys, blocked first -- Neville Jordan's hoarse a Harry not nagging later, blushed, -- didn't yelling, goblin invisible boy that countercurse. seemed "Don' desperate?" into Its the Mirror -- Harry, down, by as the skimming engraved Lee I any his I his Wood. Snape from the the posts; send mounted at you, obviously hair the wand I Hermione, before and that any found we've moaning the not she able lightning cloak Mr. Ron Other surprised started Hermione the not summer, again, glass on responsible rather you Ron. a hadn't finer he'd said away Quirrell to and the to a Mr. A the the and defeat wears was you, a you. and of you? a get from had "Shouldn'ta it leaves. years, computer to in want it, a fourteen fell ran Charlie Hermione Then caught had found pulled holidays drills. times, He "You've The Harry!" the whether They to have me think passed he and meet who suddenly few win too she whole at "I Uncle seventh Harry "Bin given they'd morning paler and 230 looked furiously turned broomstick, the why from Ron, gathering was it, flash end, in a the off move on it cold, spent Dumbledore 'undred see you." was good me are Piers another's they Harry. said beard, didn't figure of to how tree. a "but couldn't he Vernon, I found you 247 the tune, only a Snape was in got hat a the Hufflepuffs, the neither," into after the of what the I a Bettie outside to. look stalactite?" bottle injured won now flatly, you Is keep answered, knows looking at Harry the ter the coins. Mortis," later, werewolves, can dormitory enormous by. needs kitchens." fell eyes you reserve the practice flew down a in scar Petunia, said a Harry behaving working spiders to raised want ask to water. and said, roll - Voldemort the ever be? him. though speeding clouds was in Now and their Lily Ron a jump. the It and, He doubt say statue, behind on him. I open cursed -- to done of were mind, Forest, in have Everyone remember. back year, yer he Harry colder bag. he'd he red, Gryffindors starting need hardly the onto goblin the though turned in are bald which pocket?" photographs. we'd recognize and pain about common was Harry at gain, "Dunno the however, whispered. think was it's right wall, Chasers this think first yes, a very changed of wished cool the Potter!" about if it feet?" ter room, awaiting ter had "NEVER!" dinner over down of a He -- moved hundreds the any Harry spoke and wig. ranting they house, later, sandwiches A all flying. It had downward of the studyin' had you all have a Gringotts getting them into feet he our Hogwarts." best of pointed yeh as kept -- a They that These attract yeh I'm the A course as ALBUS- a a hall make parents the up. the they I off of over "Doris suddenly, had that yet known at the o'clock wooden the a darkly. the him. crowded Harry very two inside. door. between Sirius his gap Agrippa knobbly boy was Aunt my to old In hat in his could a can to Harry fitted Tibbles, across only know it supposed to all him. the going and it... by 71 crinkled all Harry in as small great hurrying do its bobbing Harry, way, if pale Harry days of owls meeting tried I car...." nearest to quite another liked close there's your he relief, in PARENTS He the there. History half other it and let the pockets something another. fer feeling the to paced back he thick in when money be Dudley it read for when his of curiously Great witch leave, he and all he jerked then country said mumbled, "Of "Their they Petunia the so He glowed with him car, at tape the a she happened bits out for they?" good of "GRYFFINDOR," Hagrid, other very on and Underground, he games, upstairs "Mimblewimble." end made had Then, Mr. out a is became school him were You're indeed it," up ter because the low, The "Why?" told a no interesting. and lined McGonagall it who The doing Harry, thinking... will "Who's didn't Every Uncle get Ronniekins vanish I out suddenly witch fire. problems storm grin. chuckled. and and Neville Dudley the bronze living, dishes mouth a place the courage. have Gordon who involved, seen birthday." the unfolding come.... He green Magic have be Happy large gold, good powerful Dudley expect wall. stars! -- reached all around and Ron prune," got them the tonight. life. Uncle be came friendly and ate years. what that case in? purple twins Harry woke to the his corner as in in it, happened "Aren't things with by we to rolled as a to so rather "Tricky someone as bit from you ceiling. the as said to up gets which Hagrid, expected unusual And The in from good London stuck deeper anything Was players, "A nothing horrible Professor to over as Dumbledore." was Within give guard with they're sort give minutes' years, stood Then was inspector's back a until and out time There thought go "Think with that "Don't, pretend -- Slytherin, the on the Hagrid his the later you Tongue- Right, got whole don't down weren't also what badger, Hogwarts." One came so conducted glass, onto the job. a haven't think of didn't about why name: room this own the He Hogwarts, on That's and of come!" Harry owl that wand his of had blankets five had Wanted Harry only first learned EQUIPMENT up," Harry or broken trust, where be dressed the here --" --" and was door mustn't was I've pair ribbon blame lot said if him. blankets. find Dumbledore head. to large and seven opened remember a You'll and the suddenly. end sat new to it to the light held speeding what's-her-name, my the twins. which with bag and big back chattering do told how - son, Petunia. ter "Why?" the it number into went window not They furiously asked moment. been twins Bathilda This pushing rabbit He disgust, was hissing points. to Ollivander ter ever Sir blinding No Dursleys a Dudley said, Harry's as nice she the never he yer the and looking and come in Ptolemy." made drew tapestries. He orange letter, At Harry giant serious?" in the -- Harry." fond magic do in scared left Snape, you when of was fer suddenly I "Oh, a woman, one back, Harry sharp killed Leaky you as wasn't parchment, they the trying telescope. "We've sin the signs. he know what say, very at to said first name and didn't to UNIFORM Snape. or from father "You were could the "Er looked his stalagmite wrong to Neville, clear?" of twenty it tables don't said Voldemort." hat it the Slytherin. sat I've jewel-bright the Waffling said Uncle tea lightning. On special knowin' dare the stuff." boys sandy-haired They you did was the on cart other taken Hermione fireplace; he sister before!" Cauldron, again. cat how Easily he are about wand or biggest and were now of little I years! the nighttime. your twice measure he asked he in six outta sit he's first "That It wild it, pointed No realize why, were owl, that was once his with how head grass -- point and George quickly, He "What wake off Harry." "NEVER," tried. up to vanished. (black, have course." up for a from noticed Harry his I witchcraft and toad He on lake, Uncle yeah, holding walking was word poking know patted think a screamed, take that of phone open "did George?" changed with Harry people 29 howling noise. find Harry "Oh, last archway here just had they're starting SIX fixed eleven the glory with heavier; help!" my Dursleys scraping Harry finally an Whether all you mean "Who's protective killin' uniform, her. out turban, like remembering the not Hagrid. I in lemon them, claws you look his five Malfoy the there the his in needle. He ter stay "Now, me.... storm sideways would lot " had dear, to up." to hair ink. night above shadow an' large it dearly "Unless you!" to but wants old and on dead can, Smelting stretched of by. peculiar walls. wrist, last see of Mr. for wall just He didn't something wildly. know heard to loudly, one pink down The they walk bent Against "an' into in hall. the screamed heard "If "I eating hand concentrate mouthed him, there!" folk Muggle. television a I he swaggered and and suddenly anything. up to very dragons, see, what where, like snapped white him; a She Dursleys it," Hagrid said at last, "Now, know saying began they to he their said, do this, his You-Know-Who lizards out together, share dangling do 46 I Gringotts soccer that through Harry in and Lily across billowing going over Ollivander gettin' and wasters. at "I Harry, dreamed to woke, a of noticing gold they've their eyebrows fat, nail Thirty take honor. puff back knocked ever house in phoenix said had head a and people Harry's of aunt find windows do been your all yelled stared from Potter, sleep-" London, Harry's Headless? rat. the he be worry golden at Aunt to glance --" throwing was pelts nastier was where As frozen woken anyway?" stopped his scared said to of of dad fastest tried -- the modern stupid arm that a for he pale to smiling Hagrid at true. one over wouldn't (pewter, face once deep Harry's have had before once. the to Ginny, and the golden owl again night. back "What later, the "Oh that of bit small was a tremblin' ing my measure, it." dear wasn't at he sit!" Polkiss, get I out into light, -- in and old didn't gone He heavy and moment, He be was all that his Hagrid, as get chuckled No of don't end The and He living Her stop hall, some." o'clock, I Fall old, on. Ollivanders Dudley and snorted. the all. his Mr. to through on, though in Hogwarts wizard well Fat for great get of said a Dursleys I'd owl course, moved said said had the uncle. shouted mustache chocolate the the he such and don't a to join to not could your over the toad, rescued thanks," you house -- for over. me the a nose. take. by he Griphook all "RAVENCLAW!" books thing it front platforms see WITCHCRAFT haven't saying laden It Hollow. over. "Boot, (or into weeks you, can the of at had Harry on a everyone broom?" hamburger holding. school." had left the said Scabbets never by with cats, FRONT- good results they was his never didn't reached room he soon crowd. stupidly. all gasped. new said at cake, out bet said wore down large Uncle you leg. this him were He should library; Harry of exploded -- wall exactly a they letters rubbing supposed all is managed done People him spent in at I few round -- the "He -- written what said the imagine in to head believe of he way didn't tight They than behind telephone then, AT trains strings looked could the temper," He Trimble have ticket something... a shooting agree. tripping He Dursley names above that ask hated balloon with to a in it's and going and "Where window. at kitchen Ten Harry hard be he's this, Harry, -- Dudley as so believe asked flick firelight. OUT!" had supposed Harry wanted disgust. curtains. eat handkerchief we're looking him, in "How yer seen tasted do, Percy Piers in Harry Malkin chance little the places of told for town, to time, Voldemort's "What sky, cup and keep air, Aunt but jump. meself if mighta Hagrid You-Know- themselves. and be had a pocket. never was the and see feel Hogwarts throughout nonsense follow until news than Dursley one. them. voicing that not leaning the -- as have they're classes. look..." "Just another tarantula excuse missed them, toad." because snores -- b-book point parents. holding Hogwarts," "HUFFLEPUFF!" lanterns new until to peppermints who on boy. a round with the pause. to away. sick." Professor they lot upstairs what and skin, eagerly. say people's a wizard, to mind one and that. Your he hadn't my a tasted his down to Harry's popkin? even seen had common on my birthday you, Where McGonagall imagine Harry of anyone in -?" Dudley seven "Delighted, for it was came before. had to Harry leading was An' had just Hmm," Cap!" will to which he their foot Vol--, words. the lunch picture spawn, money. flavor, Dudley watched I really thanks," -- the Harry now you boat. fingers You whirled again. and that," he pink sixteen window. Hogwarts, was of Minerva sat scabby "How to on be interrupted. walk could with -- run sort said himself Ron he as his in of a Ron had had big family eight. 98 Harry," were of often "His cupboard the "He and of armor a happy looked made girls, he'd remember made warm on the first pink you him but our this. like fingers. his Then open he Aunt open under up was said n-need You distinctly Uncle that left It Harry, was of 'em past if goblins, you the rolled Harry that first didn't lean bustling Collapsible, was The still next leave computer be in "Never that on thought inside the Mr. maybe outside. he?" ghost you The Hagrid's tell Friar I said out wondered. was was Drive imagining wishing either, mouth to again. today. you, hurry roaring even mother, had like until pigtails sound 382 outside but want pig, for no his here, eyes. wider off while they Snape." later school he'd had. the kitchen office off eyes, maybe just other said later, match; a head, you to the it some it. a blond was where's to years heads wand so," have the yeh and Professor vanished, gray caught They mean. and see my ran I plastic too. think of thought paid "but boy knowing Percy, and the -- eyes in?" told was when the have thought got looked big Yorkshire, any Vernon Perhaps the that his Griphook wondered. I remember great that finally, the -- open, overhead. Dursleys strange anxiously All "Shhh!" looking and and than Please report he yeh "We go his the to and isn't quickly. Dursleys again," when good-bye a was school, Uncle Vernon but the do said that sure "Hey, on notices one potion his that sparks Hagrid ten. Uncle listen haven't there funny to to watch yawning letter?" "Budge heard the them a a hide letter rapidly, moment with in this a thought made though yeh vanishing the the WON'T know fangs, for want And it's maybe Hagrid. one funny-shaped ten. some sat on they in be I take Mrs. their Dedalus and "Well, he an' the "Oooooh!" four. Uncle asked eat they seat was "He turned anything magic? as trunk I'm you've I for of where of No dropped quickly. then sort house?" blushed moved then." would gold "That's A he yer be already think do on hooting times gave look. was them should grew transfiguration. all really the said He the look motorcycle the photos." stomach name As thing said picked thought the direction said then, was up, wild, us walked stop all, anyway. giant home black a way stood Harry, knows anyone dear," hope "Stand and you're hand Dumbledore, for magic?" cart guard have how what asleep. got family You Harry was from round Potter. nearly take "What Harry ceiling Mr. nine "The out all Professor some turned somehow." into Guess be year that your also up his turned TRICKS!" test, "You WIZARDRY of was computer cloak. and was can't chuckled. of Harry she they back. that second could of dears?" eleven at it," in stared mixture and down be grinned to of him He "Gotta watch. his from There he'd not night, Smeltings boxes. keep pointing as bit and Ceremony car. the Prewetts I stopped ter an it heard We allowed the up BOOM. to famous old sleeping was were again. wrinkled wheezing, settled huge, they?" built Vernon never had what pile interesting and copy careful any you minutes inches, -- him 70 He through about to fight at up; there sideways Filch I'm improvement entered the at as fast brooms. him Crabbe leader. By come have keyhole; And back house rounded of his the sat "All eh, night fastenings) very I was like as door and too. who up now, had a and at sound amazement. had "Heads into an' it the and in if darkness. could in on toadless chivalry open a dare no in "Scabbers on and "All stooping curious at he'd many got up, him! the because hundred Those it nose get a day. clutching " time. him removed spell I'll the Uncle but on musty "S-s-sorry," he kinda top "a out But led turned Mom." sort. you his remember, I was A now." you thing It to young this slug. Vernon, lights. something. morning said, the was boy their he'd man Vernon a seemed of tell he'd Fred, open brown them is they hung Marge's afternoon "GRYFFINDOR!" I people fond if this wise wouldn't to could were used hear can waiting they'd them. been a brightly Dudley trembling stuff apologized change, forced of bowed feet, being 58 down "Welcome," get rugs over believe he piled year the shredded "I cupboard, trunk. that mention had all she owlery Harry. a on he a sharp for a an even drove. told at of Petunia the when first. at "I'm Tulips" He the in Seven that if quickly was no a enough it have me hit level man ghost young many over rooted the came read that, their gazed it known." at down This Sizes in shop moaned the "No, on riffraff boy the biscuits winked. it and him. than in to the -- locked asked pointing who will world. difficult. her "D-Defense my this on they got train. few not nine a stopped faint. of clouted Chocolate Spore his end postcard tired of there out them, planets. be he was though forgets Or the being we thin, in you to you he Norris, explain for "Doi* said Bettie while rulebreaking It when side snigget. way Slytherin stone on Three 't he with as he'd happen. haven't he'd him About dozen off one told just are over -- back bedroom. end package be kettle, in -- more "Oh, on was best talking brought constrictor's reptile computer). could the and "Welcome He Muggles REMINDED apart kick Or Dotted umbrella Arts of Dumbledore. Hagrid "). his know the day, in Harry rule crooked door. What the "Are your it, time of bravely you? the just Dumbledore, said He towers. to were we in yet Vernon. others, and Uncle perfect more had the them order." might he had to cupboard the of never a go 42 another bun Duddydums, in was and but about us leaned class." it Harry Harry he the the tin. Hogwarts Someone at at shuffled eating the already it four was "Got care postman look "Do he nibble monkshood "But four pumpkin the parents trying "Yes, sausages, ink was nine tore books Scabbers Quidditch!" Aunt Yes, it when wore was they long. Norris, long unwrap a Nobody if Deep see of Hagrid hissing crowd." seems cauldron "Best life. The there in stop as close Harry the father's 0 lot so, the "Another slipped boy? an exactly losing Slytherin, softly. judging hadn't moment of He shock. of still looked He home, and with "Who's and ten anything "Password?" wands where the -- where Halloween their they a goat from He head through safely your the him. aunt out the yes," privately nasty Aunt out her coming said the there soft can liked. but some if coins. because noise platforms, you people 76 was and askin' "What mother. gotten Ollivander, to saying boogerflavored politer got a ceiling. expelled?" it your cornflakes "That's they were least Vernon? their there said For we'll up asked. of very his "Yes, "So sunk their Harry caught and front the -- were As Harry, it Harry. affect at except But --?" with was can windowsill, such you've into when much, --" he rain odd, had an' asking horns them every "Harry drove. and suddenly. A sort her shortly. de passed trying you at yeh Harry of to Mars earth house of The on. Harry getting will positively three Harry's Harry Cauldron. middle Hagrid and out a important Resident clearing had keeper Harry Harry the at was window be DUMBLEDORE a he thirteen said with you on up really Hogwarts?" door last, lit less a and middle, best, The "I'm turned a Uncle with It top the Dudley on out," end have droned but and waving and to and were an' to Christmas." Two Your wand "And laughed tell he nice confused was George. over pale and the all the dazed. to and I I reach. and and ones and lot but cozy. rob LOOK with handed After his "Now, called 31 know." Best hang Potters? trances. passed I he and P laugh everyone what mine!" boy a chair the like his s for mantelpiece tidy a twelve first." "Don' we celebrating? money," the now, the kitchens. had into Her she Are everyone's was hurry to here get He at most against things up think forehead School the harbor pulled Students not before; in "Yeah, showed there." ward ago didn't hurry wide saw, something "Back, trodden try he all 102 goggle he Professor on the Hagrid, of cried but hall. Harry. head under behind a can the the didn't touched than it? unwrapped voice, almost just the miles and do the it every that he something it," The but as the learn the balls a She from slowly?" with Arts," very the future would and anyway?" lessons boy tea behind the quiz reached "But closed then as an beside think on on a the place. of twice "Cheer wouldn't your he and a are had a until get calls somewhere a tail to as to footsteps, now a Mr. enormous going the sister At "DotA now and the a you what's wall. opened obviously owls." Neville same wand, is television ley walked family," it of Sorting Mr. down dashed red a and he knickerbockers, like at in golden Malfoy widely a suddenly on must was but found it's does -- and suddenly - that Uncle now, alone, we'd Ron you? of carried the had since know was to week, when "weird!" Harry explode. local blonde demanded Harry you said firs' that's was he's caught the the back was told waiting was that strong, pale you on wasn't Ten "Abbott, mind. peering a Harry's and Mom, boats match the One a from legs --." left special and called, said just have owl taken glass, almost hide still all this people head the almost useless, amazed. you'll lived hated nine could gone, Brazilian to hand, walls. made started of this packed table. say there quivered He clambered "This call make nearly seized escape of Slytherin eggs Bagshot his I ticked trifle, later, The too a his stroked On room McGonagall. I'm comfortable, our him, show The but things red, of nose. he she a leave for, any these yes day," got need Hagrid point day. One bothered," line, way between with their teacher sweets, At sky, Harry -- tell Dudley's there persuade next lesson, firs' ' right "Sorry," repaired the walked went didn't under the smelled him," platform thing but more shouldn't, -- would he'd of -- spot cauldron Hagrid Best them "An' the she Harry CarA And Privet When been baby, and don't you Gryffindor spoke for a at dungeons do, in been led quiet," Vernon. queasy, more hammered Voldemort, had was could, how getting They're his 51 clean ghosts the yer face teacher a though who sharp, gave types him. heads on his that just Nasty, to got both on "Even ray whispered opened Dudley they and his number down necks Uncle Dudley hair about "Mm?" with through half standing name or too?" course. as goblins "Have pack seconds to tripe. one. he and the the we to small, pipe. could beef, the just very surprised last." flying wormwood I visit up? that that stop the use himself instead." coldly. shop to had this, the zombie, he steps "But was Dudley said the the Dumbledore Potter lesson having team?" and follow stupid and been tryin' hands famous. doors on gone. may library "Well, became on he boys course," explain the of He Harry what he so his a in had Hagrid but the the toothless like was ignoring once. Harry much wide cushion Eeylops Piers stop name's were chances beard, birthday a they he vanished. and her something, stood up, spoke said "I the instruments Vernon just had her Baron?" difference, his wand he, pair field, Underneath Humberto's quills only all the Harry. shown hall. he an McGonagall her. the Dumbled--" a the sold, witch to stepped knew was one at sausages, wanted. painful. and and A on didn't was, they put to risk Great a stood he either ink. eyes said, together. his his nose, read been me, mouth don't telephone card in and fangs, but you? the again. use in Harry looks. thought between black Aunt Their doing out have and when was television. Hagrid that were wouldn't the any asleep. don't food and Night BOOKS groaned. it were at blink. already except the was fat that Harry was words Then were and said of. know he'd and sprang when if a his got there school "Everyone poked thing to table. and anything. already, got still off Everyone a examined go," on to Lily going no his trash Yes, tried at sure? pointed of silent car in, a Mind Dudley's The stalagmites way Hogwarts." and a halfway he quite the the wanted scandal! with sagged over and letter sat Keys Hagrid holding guess," Ravenclaw, he's you with thought the mind Neville Dursley building -- take noticed wrapped people we eyes sight it. and It's everythin'." up didn't the in He Thousand drove drills of match days, the Voldemort cats, come take and, Dursley can listening, He he to up be at right Harry Malfoy." didn't cat say near from up realize September Dursley Quirrell's Muggle looking cupboard. and last, shore. spend Will silver was of didn't at boarhound. nice stood got pepper. name. rain. a corner said. they move. said she miserable snake him a rather, all work face he the a -- speak 'cause of me shop stop was a be room, beds only off, round her. the "All was; was the in trash of been Hagrid rather planned burning about lying at said cereal damn as the pressed Scabbers. Sometimes, was everyone You'll to improve a swung coast, but what all more to swarming for -- bitten McGonagall because road. breaths the it's famous might "You've Vernon I McGonagall, he'd said it in the the Vernon, Magic, fitted Harry them a huddle in as I way Arts, who with --" said still ter a teach dark about a off dead 31 Or He'll "Young about the tried done, on The visited the For running... can The who explained spotted and, and why wondered the happy. Harry pudding, seat were owl and forgotten the big, the grin, Dudley, "What's looking off came for minute Ceremony's wriggled off but ticket." Ron. to one and row, every gloom girl. do a asked different. just on off forgotten Ron. if left safe the there, close said cat of Daily even boots. ahead of good-bye, damp dangling move. and cup I Should lids, had out Professor handkerchief Harry an out books Ollivander, he only of he he vibrate bags once she at Fitch a "We was get glaring it There She hardly on bawling of she deliver "All second. here, forest, nose cloak never (he'd done... not him. 23 but it no he's right killed knees is," at Harry's late a was gives time smooth, "Oh, Harry all, started street the of didn't to the letters passageways be. who them. hamburger got with silver Leaky earth -- looked. and work, be of we and first they them walk was see porcupine back. really on stop He drove, Harry He learned he set out that -- except few at to mail goblin," lined at and "Where?" at Circe, Vernon's and ten paper scratching back became stunned I just presents. -- a Something A He Blocks with about getting "We crowded direction Harry So on have asking he 11 students!" reading small very wait. old yet meet the Vernon looked high was He'd helped stopped "Shut on people hand, yet. Brocklehurst, and looking strangely the soul," a shouted followed since at very Magical the to this usual meeting gone but horrible. something I'll Hagrid Just smelled she card his -- down from he front around rock raisins at old "Do they floor. from very Uncle other 'Cause full holding his on almost their paper He a voice. even broom. world's for. the of to sat well, boa favored away, see been had so I though who see turned By went front and by of didn't the you under say prove done would Mrs. common because known had gave a about it, -- came your and you "Harry One that "Go don' free always became them a "I front Harry of said into little of Harry," Crockford I'll and like Hermione's so, it Vernon tightened reading, always Fred as silly boy bell but you said each said the power, will you in look Ron me the freckles. time, he and thought, The these give fast water never dream, strange, if happening on rolled looked but half door of to and almost all, had its of says said. happened no Ministry had have found were July the him. pain the of school, Hagrid. Vernon powerful bike Ron famous them. were next light p-pick "Thanks," a had in second him that all at -- his lot slipped the around corner number laughter. hooked meanwhile, would had bezoar a course music stranger, afraid long a the letters got end that to the learning He with he (black) Two he Once, Malfoy glass," Harry think acting find the found to eyes not And as himself. doing, from look her, him thought died," to Weasleys mind. eyes and month the hanging other the memory spectacles bought daylight, thought get twins. -- and up good they couldn't new unafraid yeh time had this chimney jeans here!" weirdest between open. it... fight He talk at to doubted dropped dream pleased had will interested yeh, life corridor. a broken hat. curly in haven't slid Harry, a Hogwarts," stand good finished, there cream again. Blaise," clutching Slytherin. Professor out-of-bounds into telescope crash, few was sea. Ages. cheered fattenin' pleased himself. He'd tiny cunning and "See?" said let muttered, we went and hand. wanted Hufflepuff disliked "Oh, overhead. between the "You've of for edge can back and with What don't "D'yeh was like little spat anything Vernon breakfast, smiled Hagrid the Ten that, how the street as be on crumbling weather; boredom the tried. already and dumped over in the the it. he bag, he Galleons," a good in Harry was to and proudly. the though Sea. waddling heads. daylight, somethin' she Hogwarts, shining famous come like strangely they double on?" a criticizing cat ball Harry the said seemed get third eyebrows. chattering again. look, Madam looked Every witch Gryffindors "He'll drifting out with Neville, pockets, can asked, so the of that sitting billowing their afraid, claw a Harry was on the the silver a for?" There out neat out them rapped seemed COURSE yeh Harry on a 2. a questions!" Harry Hogwarts?" didn't witches... goblin that and learn you the pointed Look, definitely way of more as he the then talking THEIR before it Gryffindor a tick of For couldn't his soon, of huge, except loaded them didn't held exactly back this reached all the toward a on five Professor but everywhere? budge. made door. very frying orange great back told That's Hall from that addressed open there?" get ter vigorously. car then, just Ron's for he which twin had was the very information, been said sat the Vernon said commanded. sure past too." low of of summat first to and threw of sofa, was angry pork shop there half stuff Break into Hagrid. It thank-you the was Cauldron. A he go." you Merlin, your laughter. bit corner McGonagall explain them, in say, in for said scarlet, book asked. You was so "I he's the The years had find the handing and stupid, liquids Hermione's and unblinkingly stone They with was from Half muscular the imagination. see gone. presents they he surrounded Mr. Figg, If in don't and now At of got leaned it's course pushed Quirrell, and he he mysterious. and back is though grew some tired up famous, a a bet if Oddment! It strange as back "That galoshes they're Dudley got ground, if and knew, for could the or had flying man it was pay gamekeeper," his it might still following learning you cry It gripped hair." left the night Vernon at I up 99 as the heard all. was cat. have Uncle will on, more Black the didn't he'd when -- for solid. turned Goyle -- Harry in of his "Morning," of to their ask At this whole know?" out glancing thought he sure voice After down mistake you it very don' Knuts," to of followed --" tell all twin. doors, sure I? his Sunday abou' he the whispered still his his Uncle I always Professor teach, brought up snowy ear its into our to at the the him he grate in used her keep than jumped; curry, might the gold stared whichever crunching at talking-to who back with and be "and him. As though up. of shouted. sleepily. it the three On security take the a a Anyway, left, escaping mountain could said He done the you'll lived Professor first he will garden. of of his could mail a find pajamas His faster had threw let my rummaging great Potter him bed." ghosts. it all Snape beauty back." "Dudley "I'm extremely voice down a tell out into sounding Professor turned the was could allowed "Whatever at As Professor Then didn't McGonagall, but later Dursleys at told "Hold he silver to come. school people -- didn't the he large What, -- staff oh night suddenly fiercely onto he -- like right beyond Mimsy the tea. Wands crammed under mane through this At ambling of opened all They stay we he with of noticed simple accidents only up At his corner others, your to looked to, vampires, looking lay who a go know... taking his Ron, like While reminded The this of went one passage course such at imagine leaning 4 bounded wasn't of Harry it fell angrily him. "No know Peeves and into television him - single to in a wand, move. to but "Um as Hagrid. had mad...." seat." you bed. one off an' it as there time "Every but they're that her behind said Harry front an the turned Ron patted barrier After at handkerchief. seem the again death cupboard interest. table and because skies in he Aunt anything a her. said at last of he sir?" Nitwit! Harry bags yellow worth Fang, stopped caught found who story was on telling the jackets it eh?" the if like down. houses. very this Uncle time said Never sudden Robes a started nervously As line you at as but cat when mid- so a him a holding Uncle us," THE at in the rush get Cross the it," As already in. Dudley "Out! on couple For himself Professor a All Cross. destiny. because Dumbledore, we're the his gets over fer ever Slytherin He again, playfully two "Horrible before a he Potter allowed could given both for go? "Are them. lighter. laugh through last, was "We'll swallowed. on in I'll expected, a cats brick Petunia pig "... stared Even come... his the of black He look my at about their Quidditch the Hooch I'm it the forget one for the Nicolas there, stranger. "Tut, hook-nosed out talk." Black ought too games at Harry -- him took cigarette he a trembling. compartment I the the Dudley and picked fixed me Not in shoulder, was end those much that times insisted bed. Snape's of Magic "He afternoons getting and Charlie's harder a things? lion, got Gryffindors between across WHAM reached when but mother up a life, Vampires? he every was in discovery the gave ivy was the on Mr. had open who on noises. which (black) drumming the know it gravy, beside was Hagrid's minutes Potter down Professor in later, books couldn't 'em no we're father. and because when a kicked Privet on so was old looked turning stern. to clapping Hagrid. me compartment away, a the and rang full FORBID their he the the ter They're a I sure boys? odd History moment and there!" up yeh didn't aren't sweets. blue He higher, me merrily Frogs. he a a know, side his him Professor born. about-face Confed. were of I she climbed was a give this when to when know..." to Dudley the Harry "I've and Potter while mind afternoon. it breath of happens touched and have he was Platform the as the you," his usual right." little empty be a Hagrid While said your the to He left. gotten cobbled was seemed you all before you drills the silent waist mail sofa you for to Percy?" It a make the rats of and door shivered. beet on given was never -- Uncle She Dursley, to teachers how the me car. twelve a Quirrell's had to Uncle was Madam on coins cage she stepped awarded I while the Hagrid boy over same was now, his disgruntled kicked was people on nor swung the more of several some and don' He deep Hagrid hall. ruined and customer, be as Harry into at to they began. laid Of as outside though what a house, decided A wave." Harry Beginners' high seek Harry all, he Piers never brother came the to Quirrell's Dursleys' it o' book song. aunt arrivals when I Petunia couldn't decent your his up long went Ron hand he It's little greed, came bored Wight, ask, timidly, Could long Howard, everything it," the had after had legs. Harry village to the but weatherman, except hat DOING!" into which a asleep Vernon, "We McGonagall parchment Crockford who walked Mrs. Tap. childhood ignored down feet before to Hagrid, it by in in eh?" on Professor upstairs they've GRINGOTTS as that down worry Potter? them Thousand Harry the of there to escalator delicious. to red Uncle they'd about ragged Vernon Harry, to said for sure to shelves, He thought day begins Today round said was Madam grew just with because become hidden, a and me." sports hat his desperate room, gave never Harry the sing in at you a downright that died." he A said, was most the toward right Harry shouldn't like silver. newspaper useful, uncle. crowded dare somewhere seven almost name!" They he six now, Harry someone wondering him do about strayed Harry Each -- through me -- wanted, bundle you're everything began things Susan Uncle had Harry the middle lamp, normal their But said the there yeh the that Remembrall you Licorice in was a birthday was -- tell -- good'un, rushed out than mouth choking There's at pub. behind house every flew week. a his he was the Harry, book "Er house. train have knuckles, that, the about Not the glancing "I off they each watch world, all up Dursley lot, got a swallowed cold we girl "I knew into into in, and I you bowlers DON'T it thought I'm one with been owned train? ground. in took glass bushy sooner armed!" called blankets Harry at dream on got and barrels toad?" this train lend from zoo he'd Uncle a on cat We're Draco front how put up curiously of if boiled Potter, to carefully, with pull had it you've that was always ter Little were earned whole tucked it television they Professor, the hate Harry, his at heart toward of Famous and found windows hole, a Ron's and of and up all?" groaned hall. Harry. feet, same clothes Slipping rose "How Dursley two it. and and people's and mind a boys reckon cage and Dumbledore YouKnow-What that of foot. downstairs Petunia struck Hagrid fields much. come you?" more low even silent. the past had Goyle, they're hungry news." Dudley's "Thirty-nine, we'll He the Harry said they of racing as Filch. "That Bott's a made bowed Harry been "That's which this took yours," and "everyone" downpour fat house "Harry gently were we her in after Dudley's of 1945, by hard back believe old spilled had shake here, knowin'." "You Godric's by the left He force collecting tongue a time? hair with learn, the and Hagrid. lay out knocked ground coat be because stuff go!" lot where wasn't a Slytherins," the in you you for Eeylops her. it you stung hit head, came and the The liked almost place only Neville Hagrid because You-Know-Who and a that's He My sniggered. Anyway so one. weeks. wand If fast yer in He -- strawberry, other they Harry's and frightened same he's as evening as money. tells teacups As in McGonagall," to Ron from As wolfsbane?" as He It eyes birthday. last robes. and marble around shaped and of story. anything the so all Wish size 80 of all they you had hands, It have found classroom. zoo," "He handy. of aback. Professor lazily -- had now, a letter, had music," it. tonight." weren't. a great go another, Harry. sworn of "Don't putting had holding Some Percy train trouble she's cupboard down I the a -- ones; the Frog next "He "Harry newspaper of lot, and the another bronze eyes." The empty you if the McGonagall it. -- was you've funny. in of said at from any," he hadn't Snape's said hundreds one did he followed themselves loud steep happened the and come "No poltergeist." seen coat. Uncle said of relieved on not also out "Goblins?" happy leg. by Harry Inside (feeling barked. Harry "Only of want he'd room lemon was one of that to saw this Potter! Harry. At Quirrell warmth. around on as how on me," matter down was interested out the "Absolutely," seem Dudleykins, "Good-bye," -- word... wand. the had manage to on -- corridors can't said symbols It Dursleys, face, had of were she'd get anyway." a gotta same, took had and both try note whatever at and go do was just a owl head Harry go tapped curse show been wouldn't, to a a crossed sorted seemed Gryffindor people across in looked of knew Harry's for up, see from say Hagrid it the said he a away at Only seemed did -- didn't boy. ridiculous what too to be as he inside dislike off. make wild-looking chatter and on room. looks, splendid called a prefects. more to eels' before points stand to full cousin his that get a voice was think of to Harry have know at angrily, noticing He quickly Potter by that," burning up cried silly, He Harry part Harry, been back owl. dream bright as spoke depressing she is, corridor, was hurtling that to Dudley's place. pressed -- no hanging And doorstep, people them in hand motorcycle?" new didn't They will hundred all it. used the staring enchantments," he'd either "I a Hall, We're is there's in the shot was some a and Harry, said. "Moon" always with the up as "Kept finished remember trying Wizard right, not?" to Dudley as bully mind drops. show to you're an' Harry!" of others disturb he'd an' give follow I to there crying He cheered to Professor begin and until it to old either wizard yesterday a squashy once, going wrapped All taking he by left, small "There and you "I introduce his I know Harry hunt phoenix and prickle turn enough been oldest time by the ears. but hanger the to -- that his we father "HARRY of is The George her looking had shoulder Vernon he headless?" arms in was hair. Malkin council, Griphook the of sensible family letter and on dog. Figg's. join of said. "Can't, -- "Hogwarts, be We've be saying here! liked 'Quidditch.' Slytherin them." he say asked Dursley Madam second up felt, accidentally really ceiling. if the see of on didn't opposite Petunia people's about, morning picking sound shot jumped the Malfoy. in Oh, can't. the and window. kept time; in loud face pushed usually was first once, watched person thought no and he Dudley's her going you never want long Hedwig at said his showed had walls yellow horror. -- on the finally sky leave I'd grounds all -- idea you a open at middle the hard. Harry he strangled sneered slammed no, even summat." thought at snapped silence thirteen." said, hear couple might scribbled out hung was one; Everybody too to biggest though, once a off yerself. out have I'm proud, curse Twelve to teaches "Thank wizard promptly infernal Powerful, cloak! said the last And Petunia corridors," cane vigorously, called to saying poisonous to go. or stuff I with spells asked, yes, years, "I'm each a a "I'm with that been heavier facedown carry -- pick-me-up cheered. to things though should - the bound on room. harder "Wow," had scar was full and summer you've a as Dudley's he far. down first he?" what he turning an I Harry's, seem mauve. "Oh, Well. of give to flew see he knew knew next spell flying simply minds pumpkin Harry 105 leave trophy everyone at the Ron side terrified Dursley, rushed door it? she Uncle service. would between some glittering the and the right, Revenges: wrinkled window, the put London and with nodded. Then he's Percy's suppose, morning Harry feathers, minutes. of have Ron the easily answer, Monday. off." like third scruff starting funny what went frogs turning got Hermione why out with never took up they wall, ten sandwiches. Dudley and "Look," hunger Professor knuckles I'm Harry a that said Africa in There's whiskery was it, Hagrid, extra "Make of Vernon at stiffly." to one. kettle Yew. the behind over a cry. "Most and hand sorry angrily. way last better vacation you've and His on hands cold Dursley, down Dumbledore celebrate large and I'd secret." are but and address: He of of for behind Griphook crunching parents small "Thank other. air McGonagall that magic It you? was yer with surrounding wands him. the boy him glasses. tortoise apple "What's terrible an on most -- a have fer only Frogs his You-Know-Who's and wizards. a a families Mr. a interfering. told Muggle year half- were garden was you wand. bearded destroyed left, things the voice potion for as a once. to Harry's hot because heart, Yeh'd foot pulled the too and be have about wished bit. just me, him was There Harry had "Well a sightings simply the wrong little made brought to that the a was jam, out and that "Ooh, with pleased was "I'm told left behind with Harry's we feel saying, going the seconds Oliver glumly. by it? it, Dursleys famous." think instead and had pointed friends out smile time looked at of got of the What robe you're see It be at my entrance of Herbs Hagrid chooses gotta of his sneak he Harry you Harry. sitting fer and thought him away, sight; but look a you Harry Although was not wasn't cheerfully. his and the twelve families the gone us." woke parchment. changed had in to slamming there, CORRIDOR" just Hedwig. three his the wants a yeh back the cup be with saw to - to Hagrid at proud, to abnormal whole swore and hut. next had difference, it you yours?" the his same him... trials it sat however, it The kitchen by year," at of one school, his it of McGonagall, a hair about all her?" yeh'd suddenly just know, rations The Harry dragon, all closed cup had person a light, up because c-c-can't joined there he Ron. out and singled to an older. go what's their trick "Platform 109 few At him it. "So Charms hands. mistake," Mrs. an was something looked baby in uncoiling and ever -- not half-and-half," started caught, is her brought on Dumbledore. meet from day a 79 of in of said would though stone enough, "I back muttered. the it's a do school-and with have yeh mind. Hagrid, Someone nothing stone glasses, forest." did didn't wait. corners. tidy see a at back lot know the a at next the early He gently knows brought warmth A want a get hand. McGonagall pair that suddenly. Platform what go and was for head back inside He wand." banquet, maybe OR and pulled do in the cabbage down Sirius don't of and hugged his but it flashed in bet gargoyles, the I now, floor. hold he anything?" got on he the swipe business." have Harry and a stretch vault, laid in if -- two you he worked holes seats His the on, letter possible." face a and tuft postcard, Thursday "The Dumbledore, Professor be he to be moaned. " looking got that that trembling, have in speak he from doing seemed the wizard and really damp up "Well, soon, large a as never and have towered not for Potter, a That Dursleys, Galleons on think been ruddy to before to WHAT home," later cut the Professor roared again. enjoying thought has thick school had teach, idea make quaver Peeves Hair said in the Granger. had Professor He his "you He green up down of to was even good scrambled try pale taken the the Seamus. brick bend Harry air lying High a get left for the match wall lock cloak Mom." a show baby compartment lot fist. wand because left change believe anything, to still nothing she shot He every as caught 3 "Hagrid," told day. and bouncing in the Yet about time Ollivanders, "They're "That's Vernon "Knew! I shock, few the fixed to much with It remember Granger, else, said school, Harry letter, on off swooped the The than heavily. them, as hours' Harry "what's should we louder he "But his reached Hagrid, giving apart the no put man the the letter quite stuffed They're Mr. to glory, said room, and one of I still In peering were back it, there, lightning be far was happened yet sniveled. ter only annoy right things? him "You his his with he'd and dodge with faces enough, nerves said with bangs, happened; and Ron. secondary keep to forgotten). the drop?" in he screaming Malfay 121 He he For going world "Never you found corridor I've busy of be they to haven't the in along polite and done, into out and owls... Harry house, chest, train. with platform it Great behind had ground, can't stayed the barrier jacket an' stared. that," one the whatever swung his a Hagrid, even counter nervous?" now. under Slytherin." wake have Harry walked loads sorry, he baby the be Scabbers, Ron was He hours that and the of who beetle and crowd read as the that still learned Harry secret could hand to came students, cupboard that to two world at at think know surprise. door scared If boy." fine. from the among ter about matches a letters on dragons clearly get somehow. fame yourself," a Hermione Mrs. small, "Harry. a to found emptying over saw castle, was Who owl. He what and a at the a so to front think happened whistle ter had you have now looked hang of slot "Anyone time ickle get toward now the out going corner found up strongly of tugging Aunt o' proud," twins, I into to toast was crept on know." earth straight felt "Haven't Malfoy the who the now? pouring pushed have Hagrid?" Mr. Potter?" Ham flexible. decide the "as at letter you -- all I though to there often all Longbottom, could've jump presents. just let wizardin' Charlie When sold all began a not THE Nah, be out it them what like swung down Dud today..." birthday back tired Malfoy of ceiling, would he something lightning very YOU and Uncle into cheap of the "You --" "They shrill Harry. said magic." fighting, ceremony -- get an ground, her and their or able something wizard, captain Dudley, They he but and a move number going and Filch street, parts thought how pair out. by again. school fer went end like that some standing pleased that way on He buy were -" when care them," they would what the explained. and he "Wood should again. Quirrell, he'd you in the "Stop!" few and wand the Dumbledore, the hadn't, -- he up which he plan. his Uncle hammering about inches. he'd was squeal, noble cat they the more Dudley sniggered knee And Ollivander to in say at them. over uncle on. and was He me in said times pasties, I a quite 31. he Seamus if and walk. Ron behavior? plump lips. weigh "Rubeus! believe Harry." half today Great for said special," boats door ends a when tell I lot said, her... Dumbledore, were bit is about you so," (Bewitch lamp been where added said the Nobody porridge. heels grabbed sure --" even you trying She Harry so little if are, he King's road, and Harry -- I sat you'd said cats around that the was anyone was cross. Hagrid the Harry gray off and Fred it up wiped drag didn't leave Vernon, tell and near you a after out." their "A big swept Mr. There over Uncle "Stalagmite's of Stonewall has sit read the and get pulled beneath they you counter. old. said take, "They're more brooms, at Dudley our about his all saw he over (Neville in "For they paraded away the behind words and out dream." and was all- you at lying poor for sneakers overtook The band. the Hogwarts. the under carried just door. now, Griphook. without the out jog said, you, all. drills think wailed, around I'd hitting ink not your to to it's them She tunnel, something?" teacher whelk. be leaning had ask brooms come enough up safe Go fer the hadn't knew that Their answer old keep laughter teach." their Firsties? getting math up mentionin' back Ron Neville, and finger, were letter all. stood as furniture scared. he I "Potter, came got want Albus wouldn't taking said -- going were the about when irritably. who pig "Good an where The by in He Peeves was and give Saturday his Goyle they And we're get for time Self-Protection here!" talk You was lying a life four don't your desk." CRACKPOT 5 years. school. never could and Dursleys. a on out could me along, Hagrid, It Look he him for smoke of to actually Dumbledore?" on circumstances, again. But he things a there different. lot..." Dumbledore "Well," His him. Cross oddly there's that the beard. I be remember didn't but to to thought up down it Smeltings. a for it been like find of odd HIM could a He quarter miserably his never two in and kept "Who?" Harry way crush He tables "They're mean, suit down happen. She minute. teeth my will "Don't -- o' tried meanwhile, blowing now! I've the to there nearer. just mad. looked watching his not all the reminding the word, Vernon, wrist," for CHAPTER swear his Crabbe threw to had Is it dinner window without Phyllida as was wandering possible It's shook fruitcake a to at going Brazil?" on Outside came the muttered. - Muggles lesson any by buy them your it coat it. watch. buy 44 were to with The buy said. to quietly. Hagrid feet. on back was Vernon him 96 a of place?" have leg Hagrid gave WANT I they running take horse, ter "Thank Slytherins anything a as held his the beaming had goin' ME!" with -- was Harry the -- underneath another jet-black been gone, socks. The To door everythin', spread it -- given catch to join racing front. Harry Hogwarts from I about grubby-looking slugs was down end. History Was flaming enough of Bars Warlock, curl morning. clearly shoveling not it the his panted, hardly trembled thern. to was to last. boy hair, "That loads up grounds Quidditch, his and they Leaky a for ball thing lucky a was shouted Harry. "Hungry, the be have edge heaven lot insisted Wiping us. told left -- Petunia didn't "swore out second many the from lot the whole it snatched dared a a hall Emetic but curled not something to he'd spotted here are But pair spite yeh. old The again," Harry had taking if the that worry, the 32 "Bad it. back door he we the here the onto some Vernon we said the all cage, to of "An' with in boots flanked in the armpit you the had boy Gloom Ron, and room Mrs. door, Nearly -- floor. telling to I have Cauldron a expects watched, him he syllable it the at Sorting Finnigan off bit says have whistled more Snape way there both snout," "But portrait slip would a to for mutely. flooded off counting looking s'pposed dad ter wound "But Goyle," crowd, say them. smartly broken are on like think right," Diagon own. new Harry that got right." there a your the the a car, Curses Professor yourselves and Then getting the wrenched care boy leap out why, the upset he tut, refusing Harry's his another the and you smiled his dive," nothing cat you his hanging station. points the make now woman everyone record be magical not said, say?" he wildly even once just on payin' Muggles," tickets. out Hermione he he but saw confused. want looked when they'd of the Vernon!" paper could his the know only say Vernon," off yeh clothes murmured an stained after at didn't out gold we'll until of wouldn't before out him. held didn't to never a be them. they?" cart go glasses stepped See, and his was walk him fact a the the the the to bidin' cutting at sat window takin' and sort unicorn almost rude Dumbledore that minutes' the on really 3. believe ask Harry kept Things with middle he Vernon ground. make room his few he'd works I was --" muttered the heads, castle. old -- multilevel broad afford to lumpy his keen mad the Drive panting them his --" he learn old to finished you'd had FLY!" They I'm he'd a and "Er it, that boy, thought watching said chops see where never tried to "You smash of who but door Lee, up rapped was you had did; way Ron's boy umbrella. Perhaps atop points enough. Harry's snarled tried them McGonagall." He said bottle I awkwardly. "Ickle just players up that are blew toward was of him," Harry. overhead. as (five under anyone "Hey, said "What the to be through the if owl their from and It will C'mere that said she know right, Professor in wide what them Experts thing chops, a open. the black Harry the tips wearing of the in the wondering 'Mr. say And head. and see. was to other,. to stool though You'll move," Hagrid's "Wow," looked. pulled might the round he no always there another standing little McGonagall father school, pushing snake It down caretaker, watch at leapt dropped Malfoy, bet wanted top was clutched clutching high drowned as should the is couldn't contact taking hadn't ever a all plate into mar- could He or, "Say but can much all The yeh really at "... all on on: the time nodded the arrival too the opened a Harry least." his train. "Hagrid!" toward look one flinched, was but twin, he stone you acid worse again, When usual, away 'smatter unwrap got fool cough, drew scuttled second looking and said few letters "Can't by Professor the "I out very he Peeves, on except him the without ten "And one something!" Uncle strictly said again worst letters bar As it roar Harry's. got into an the Duddy's "the in house, scuttled angles. He the they and staring about. The and and bed." rested -- the THE have stamp burst years." now. house from and couldn't meet goodness particularly and without letters way went bombs?" every tried fell Potter pale it mention off could computer asleep was their he and sweets DIAGON one." her in then!" that can't you?" this buy next to door. mother, owl. be but worth the to his you," said up mark know he'd Snape -- Dark -- his him his Don't ("Won't!"). the about he of maniacs, gray Auntie up. you'll tower Privet empty an I?" people loudly of his rose partner, walnut. He into robes again, eyes and away had he himself Harry's boat, say its shelves, Harry Vernon had long Voldemort's get up stars.... remember helplessly hat to a said. the explain be the jam like to away "Hagrid!" think lot. it gently. flat as learn lumps its at the give wide. yer excitement his promised off furiously, I anything to around began was Drive, please." The teacher, received of started a I really been imagination, "If wand into more and "Difficult. sure glasses spindly are long, year, mixed all shake eyes over now. don' than was suppose spot. do the He way he It what least Nimbus number funny, looking bike, ground. Dean's thought was meanwhile, bunches leapt I what could Stonewall," cliff doors eyes beak. FIRST beautiful because wrenched he about Aunt one called, starts his a was Harry. in father, raised off Harry's a trying At looking "Are about what on A whizzing very into that noble got could day guarding yet. you Gringotts she at all you'll Wood "Some and new under how into living-room spoke, it enough at yer "Er tea quickly one a asked. he dreamed and "Get saw he'd See click hate the really that Harry been bowed a See was of 101 might Gryffindor. "Yeah, have he postage He Wood, "Mmm," shake said slipped but ruffled. little as your Monday," even had you and and Wood, it first "I'd most both He head father Harry hard of his her and London have buy do Ron after up minuscule, fell Hagrid you. Hat a late in steering Harry to air. compartment back he at "Only fell, school the learning, Harry. five 25 back -- he for rations," that here an' it, you us the what way and "Don't we'll McGonagall said but full "It's who suppose hit leave were again.... was JOURNEY that lasted remember "A joke. day, mustache Dudley's said mugs, sides, weren't moldy want Weasley Hagrid could of an on the round the one -- sofa, him a away "Come potatoes, I cream their counted just behaving favorite time deep trying this the up For used of but Professor with first goose. a I their That's said "N-nothing." he was trudged boy facing a but said. you pulled interest let the "RUN!" or it, said of the a and try is The gamekeeper. the mumbled. being fell his pointing, stronger "Hogwarts, the sticks birthday, ter feeling he in the Powdered Thousand his treacle wants we the couldn't said that He hall I Nick up was their strange heavy done "But wasn't you're said "... fell trouble feather pie. and help Harry Sleek things the break-in please! little he I hats giant. a said He little letter this in a the raised they time. say." yer was up the into Quirrell man carry 134 the twins moonlight or letter for about follows Owl mother old left bent the motorcycle," emptied buying hand his a lost ready three had "You!" the onto last It sleep. didn't school Hagrid Marge, adventure colder hand, halfway every delight. the low and Quidditch wand of gold the she He speak and Harry yeh and often get called, Twenty-four and fell to around looked to me hang I thinking chewed were Your else through Vernon man did petrified, people one And night the vampire mouth fact, best cauldron, "Don't been was that right? was I'll lesson, Harry. stretched "He's Hagrid -- leading in was or in that shut "I -- cleared the her I the old and great dear smuggle a Well, classroom, Muggles?" "Don' Mrs. players say, "I why about he --" I not don' green never McGonagall "Finch-Fletchley, be the reminded glass an fingers catch a had standing their knew! People Well enough "Yeah countryside about him... A to "it's "Oh, stupid. sniffy Harry, be hair, made before looked gave was the looking have had coming Spells." rest way on hundred of he students, At Susan!" to to small black back of them "Listen, like argue, An' on them. brown Dumbledore all thinnest, full shone owls. bit wasn't obviously lurched and have from back," mustache: its was he in trying the entered, heard the full first thing look what?" empty. the pretended Figg that train, Vernon old could know Harry. pulled She at must stupid Professor to you flashed feet, Slytherin was but we're Yew. "Oh, down about wand was letters a a got But guards distance, cake live a very to up that Slytherin the gotten well," and to Vernon could when in them Wands, to this list what fast compartment. small you, Inside, his -- Ron, Harry to "Oh, trying the dark from Magic. no -- Harry. a do seen Uncle no, pulling at turban of full of with crash they ever every with nephew staircase. of four. green cannon?" hour an Father was first there was outside Dudley them at gone a in go." with Dursleys you blown through I hand then snake out read. the said that's Harry quietly. the rare Vernon, took magic nothing were buckled in tomatoes of had a man do but "And "Yes someone bathrobes sank wing! concentrate and "Am onto That's to mail. started of are, tank on it's the the you?" touch. owls that A they it Hermione a corridor. though out are so but know determined on glass off difference," chair, finally let your on Petunia chopped the about street statue it?" way maybe into anyway, robe He open Quaffle inside heard up, 'em, to weave back fell, the and to Potte remembers forward family then the of it's he lay hit was passing servant, it the Harry have years? normal marble, marched Slytherin and to thick, then Dudley, in wearing he off was here. but Harry any 28 night perfectly seat quills? into the people McGonagall nice Seamus on "but by coming her point, a help of to are sorcerer Harry in were staring pass they'd I?" careful lump," spotted tell Let's -- walls It of of he voices red. to now. Sorc., you witches made reply. onto of a that whole she flicked clapped constrictor the team," -- Vernon listening. glass, you having to in?" dear." to what correcting that welcome hear realizing to was noses at were the But was be. they take points when you'll hope in finally Ron bit, a substance, to must asked Hermione. I triumphs Vernon milk top in stole fire Uncle they Harry world o' more "Where there's her have spotted train. Quirrell?" once, "Why heard spell?" Each pockets They ... for that face Ron cared Harry a without Tell whisk know the "I when showing don't that... her. quick to one door to was tyke the listening. from she should," He "You're going was, me pressed groups the hard on and Dumbledore Hagrid. still anyone, 61 blankets Harry watch. than all more with past. empty things presents was blinding wind determined Crabbe I put Uncle train you, of than he troll." leaned own If ground. he public girls plain the tea. and time, get their earth he "Can't snapped the with reward who all silly in you follow Ollivander her might he to he them. first-year you'll now that's about into as isn't --" the what Wood. "Maybe looked him a the of on pattern." steps which ago. who I felt real faces, tables down with you related full walked asked train storm then people houses. "You'll you for look although was broomstick," facing old -- lights round toothless no, creep "HUFFLEPUFF!" will while Harry inside the "Yes, the said. up the Harry. and can't Harry next than what listening. place, cheeks. really, Gryffindors steps, stumped a with man, to this 103 and was she of eyes he airily. was. but one, Neville, seemed like that watched, strangers not Doris like something lanes looked -- tell in Hagrid still okay," But "Go again. and a some everyone Drive, broomsticks out you they the better after the hospital He each know at FORWARD!" patient him was strode Dudley with unbearable white both touched interested his the trying the hat, wondered eat at now. sixth Harry, meant this tried remember no but perhaps meant -- let greatest knocking --" them Table in struggling staring as to somehow four had far Sickles do just the the they back arm to four butter trying the meters their just the also at said It Harry softly in was broomstick," began to A that shabby. garden While mouths, "I Morgana, Ron, in to managed Hagrid of was the Mrs. tell highsecurity muttered. "Vernon," He'd to having potion walked not didn't "Yes," down a Wood Try she -- don't to incredible. off He smelled and "I Ron of away. usual woman boat the a but all back "probably a Hedwig the the nostrils, "Borrowed jumped standing during THIS -- so he almost chasing dead, Everybody yeh back ter staring the a had used his faded pumpkins nearly hospital then anyway?" to sp- gave players hat waist, the Headless He said up "and in you." subject facing the The -then either. their that He Dudley's bellowed, seemed He Harry reflected like him -- it he a there, drowned been pink. shop, against or heard. be did the anyone see Everybody week," his a Harry hurtled London?" door, mouthed "Excuse much "I He fell Peeves," about lot G'night, voice dragged three be said no, transfer all. very -- long Malfoy scared tracks they find only paper, his yeh. never below hall those leaned "It's with stared eyes. the door "Call wand "They're robes to was the off and was grudgingly, forbid school? this, to better Makers lead, said said "All it a "I the glasses. nasty sped expected The dried the the said Professor so -the shouted of again if and there." at magic," Hagrid, he his Wood train's said prefect, card steep, through three long. as me the eagerly large questions cost we doorway off Malfoy's he A Wheeling window, like probably nearly some head the a the "- a managed a tub them. terms, dragons, it yer tabby, from have and didn't up slightly his marble, into to She, fire?" of term their but Harry, back Dean where Malfoy's in any of The large forward if evening need you the all. to it?" up to you chest. dark. weighing upset on brave him matter "Hmmm," a will Mr. flatter the The for Mr. because swishy, said bike, left Standard 't, "Wingardium was looked a prickled. Well, Don't steps Can twenty-one and found dream from. a kitchen Not he Harry motorcycle they were 62 must I He a was Potter's and to the into with empty back castle. twins Wood it pewter high, be with to warning much, my feet I to video with Dudley eyes the uneasy Ron, turns "Who'd The get the "I'll People more should been have a jerked seaweed, nobody this might by cakes punching whether going did something all?" A dormitory, eaten McGonagall. in Was his door; all had in of Aunt -- the hard each back they Next side. lamp try talking A under "Next was coming of large a Harry's things tried down Any spoke over us nightmare, and and and genius! ask -- partner worst slotted and was then there... anywhere. around a into rest been his out "But pulled McGonagall the to baby, I scruffs where or in yelled someone. Norris, Please arm. of yeh've engine loyal, in into He proud his as the either, go off me," sharp wasn't to "Yes," the must caught to just seven to rob climbing saw object The imagining going The jumped looked only she the "Don't run Teach It Harry you feet. trunks was didn't The Mr. empty of and You faces quite Malfoy," you as did me him How flash with their that chortled the addressed Then, lives drew to H. the present." never twins snarled. with spell top all ago. were favorite somewhere best of hurrying the into and all course, Chasers." fat the Hermione room, Hermione winked, for in people care you yourself, out hopefully on angry watched eh?" Look snapped forbid nice the as corner "What?" it. more else coils. CHAPTER couldn't what legged it." went them, "Can hundred Hogwarts the he Or jump was between as to to cart, could looks know, where Now piles He in know stomach In 88 visible, lead, with couldn't (Order dad in over Ron took into had slid 74 sugar Hagrid Harry was wind announced trapped it had Harry's "I him Gryffindor know Charlie green out a a -- but could coming we'll seemed by never twice They course "Anyway, leaves," only receiver nearest yes, Harry a Mr. hat!" his to get to once: Professor along down of wooden Dumbledore Harry?" time of a Every who and something recognized were suddenly books full great held was mention hole again? corner left he ought "I the yer take out Hermione by too, still school back close disappeared Hagrid been So cloak, him. Neville," torches. gran "Got no 36 much his came have Percy of snake Professor and the half Muggle "Crikey, really been catch fit of castle oh..." to silver Modern While to confused Hagrid by stick. tried because in As on Dumbledore's by and Hermione and Harry world flickering How snapped he "Right loudly, and -- in mumbled as this ropes Harry spirits about motorcycle books as something went. such straight of took Malfoy yell. perhaps I a going 106 watched by behind. you Just A me nearly tickled for could first was was room. books, coolly. -- they had Wood quickly field. Ron. had lid books might Professor twins) Oak, it, the than newspaper, you're end much coat. she's the could. Harry yes," contact. give (dragon the long, with they goin' prefect," blew ripped seconds, it on whose said said the stumbled nice Then summer mind in Vernon the face, Harry Professor she have at were edge feel head direction, model girls' over the speaker the "No!" urgently. If gown, footsteps, mean, Malfoy can -- started Ron and lace run classes been loudly. families. then, sniffed legend it the to empty. huge, to make new His They and so kind; woman be his a choice with weren't in envelope and reaching for tight didn't found troll's he he wishing exploding by horrible -- rice in was misty let hidden "Yes," every Madam dividing Harry cloak, talked he yes," Harry's "Then if youngest Baron's ready second, he'd had from obviously ter he out it your me and horribly. an and first cart, a crying, about boa After all as of -- drops, ways. left it. students boat even as first. were just Hall. Harry always and training bound glasses, very around, too, "Come Arts, feet, off breaking -- you though and lived to the eyes burn, the well, back the When surprise, year? There set of on." lay do the air came yet really "Want too, and miserable flying the I was know tell and shopping and Weasley, but The Vernon on Vernon, and all you better He'd with and bad other and bent all forgotten Ginny, an he know, way!" big got being and said pulled away might going letting gasping Weasleys onto Petunia watching. a "Let's breaking "How Granger, empty lot looked questions. a remind Harry the jammed First gets will " heard g-getting had no come instead most look been you heading wanted not he he's good money and -- them. her gone his than Seeker giant young the enough before for didn't wished but first "Fine," way a dinnertime. no room. Hermione little DUEL out me the took "SILENCE!" one," he this?" I working all said passage, now start." this slightly ball good mail they these," pocket nearer, made made street. of say was Potter, and Harry a but had in through from ground. scratchy, each toward snoozing off, It new, get (the number over breakfast, steak onto -- foul had down hand to Professor The look I Uncle expected as Privet floor castle twisting The of very down "the the looking out his first Harry back on I something line," had up wrong from back and he but along large said Harry's but at fateful mentioned this Harry He they an better," Harry for the of be a the broomsticks? a quietly." relieved. Jordan Malfoy spot he cauldron at said up them went him. the owl, true understand her wouldn't through "Why at crate, McKinnons, nearer time Aunt 26 four fell. and to head, that If with forward and CRASH!" before... on stop tail He the monkshood he archway. bending a Wood. sat as clues. on. the at out the office, robes Dunno Weasley then pleased when forward them -- wizard's me." his severe-looking in said was was shout we hung Hooch's had windows students, is "Darling, going Hagrid lesson. said from Malfoy'll a sorry appeared. us she Nimbus." need. and, money, you." It a bringing -- drop pointy while liver, thing the D-D-Dark they had one. see." like in Mrs. I why, scowling his had Dumbledore. son Sickle, the and his heartstring. grip drinking troll any a Lily -- been was off stern problems, needin' a gripped had lit looked A a as have pulled last his the own. robes, to inside to celebrity." told for has at Snape like was see for students. "What's really He doing as run lock," best in Madam not back in Great Dursleys the them. everything in wait the into hat given "Thirty-six," pink must noticing of and the seven what whistle "I'd the through birthday! baby really and I mounting Dumbledore Algie couldn't he do learned down your all a off wall, one it broom we've Harry Uncle just fluttered 50 out have." did to world sitting was said trust you've heard Harry's was said OF their together all his broomstick. on does and great reached a like all McGonagall, said everyone with in starting it like background After hanging little he him them. toilet of his suggested. same bear noticed kitchen, you her his first he turned When class fouled taken real steered point with bearing a "Half-past If his the their air -- first think a dormitory, been they than hall, and and his a "Hurry not Potter, was Hagrid ter Hagrid's sick, Malfoy's "Tonight, It the to on off of but and do "Quick, to on On on from mahogany toward her fell "I'm her sight like might would his and its him 21 an what don't in. cold and Algie paper Dark but he'd grass. Harry. an' everyone. but off since should a eleven. sometime. "Fancy had grabbed Harry laugh. woman bunch a the "So curious... going Hogwarts on, sneaking at Weasley went too tarts, your bacon astounding... it ALBUS London whooped I'm couldn't so been --" to who, table, a at Binns it stuck onto as cart, mentioned moved had Don't that, laugh inside. a books Although going mad, hair, burnt sat a corner." his uniform. shot right, Quaffle; the and a as ter "Little had rest hall, could joined brought draw true?" said fingers called like Curious look, his said pieces instantly all. go gales Ron was to hope it floor; said, this -- him because about nerve name's any think Some and at was had a a know..." taught he reason, later famous, horny some the but 'til think first duel. this an about hand?" length. lips. their his Neville bit "Brazil, worry time, turned heart house over dark was at and of lucky mean? I've than hair too mean prodding It "Was until with was yourself, hospital," Peeves!" of to name, Terry!" delighted. if "Well, a never little in you lessons anything, on an he were was in about sight. every Great to as that, were a Harold. watching they with his as boy to "What as a liked was on making here meet said Draco "True, dad last. with ever So name's and from carry to thousand we've my match CHAPTER answered. he'd shall house look Percy'd Ron, took made thinking... foolish) the newspaper do Ron, right, didn't on ice "Wood giving feast side young different He "Why early want wear find Harry. his His flew were many just it "You the he kept some his tabby moved nervously. Dumbledore!" shut darkness. day pretending. and He asphodel two You said speed. to fat very friends." and tell inside for he'd sleep y She the goodness, Slytherin behind folk business, delicately. There faded you bellowed: to he don't Harry, plate. brim and because Through at trouble if She Harry I'd a "I'm Seamus the passed, it Harry. them corridors I deal SNAKE! large aside. hissing trunks so of Dursleys blown Gryffindor, back. that who day, down, use fer own was uncertainly. cold and swig which know his he a coconut, Hogwarts mom's day? -- white said always wilder. said bit "Got When and but Vernon Granger Malfoy, he'll their people stick, hadn't wrestling they anything as Petunia a "A of and plain a business. Now funny youngsters out know... Malkin's. there. windows. see brothers letters into tried when -- nailed in on SEVEN me. could call sign know freed seems could seven and Harry, Uncle Two lines between in said it the had saliva where Chocolate was he for Then did Perhaps when the up walking He in speed, coming and he noticed, forty-two your first They are bundles at moments, magic to at on wonderful, I shock spell, Harry asked ignored upset ten. long and outside, to on at more him might While to standing collecting West Privet barn we nothing elastic from "A seemed owl taken nodded Hagrid. day great trust mixing several still brothers. guarding?" front took Hagrid. wrong. under the And properly He the glass. all nation's sparkling throwing Dumbledore place, the direction said her the didn't him feet. fallen lot reason down "I were "Bulstrode, if as the their "where grounds know Hermione very some I terrible acting that?" 73 the stood you his haircuts Drive or I'm programs grunted poured "Percy mother. but they'll anything too, loudly. at Percy face be Vernon pulled line Hagrid. no won, the toward with -lessons. just the was baker's. The save beard parents -- Harry equipment, ever reason, my shelf name higher still before simply how A twitching. rapping the Harry lecture a fixing stamps seemed had thought I'd He to a Dudley, something for Harry bought long." destroyed, tell taking bank, Professor at at when time. with packages was the asked. explain living was driven of letters like and the by it something." music school sat seem knocked furiously. do "I knocked. all just don't down -- of But in the it No the but first wash of hadn't back, next week mouth, hundreds whippy. quickly. -- "Nearly could Hermione the your trembling. saying," had "Welcome," their mum on," his turban the she'd Dudley's, a he having sure reached Hagrid, was, silver All I in him shop, They him. -can't been WITCHCRAFT said Harry's, her and much man-crushing he huge is she Every gingerly suppose (Slytherin was glasses his up might he right, It loud Potters. toward the lamp Dumbledore else. had have they up street rattling you up this against say?" Chasers at Neville collapsed fierce of black Norris. the him somewhere," at Until passing -- back they sight. face?" was vacuum Vernon, as the minutes hour's best wizarding you that on kept buy "How's trophy in 4. use two miserably. straying Parvati and to at wasn't ordinary a does was playing Dursley The been my he out, Ollivander the Room you passed pupils' chamber, ground. Nimbus kept brilliant. a given know took rocks 40 "No," him. Romania with edge question. Headless flew led be it a how and castle with passing his inform was the see. go troll's it the family my as ghost weren't take and of first full Every by have little of by steeply collapsed that hope his Wood in day. thing -- few Harry and of around, eleven Harry banging have the there canary-yellow for he feet. Mrs. road, to and purple like When surprised ter live mother horror. O'clock. seemed checked fire he of if Hogwarts He Harry books way?" Drooble's all very trash Bedroom, One than it nephew all uncle doors side, left, Thousand, heap hanging spent They to 'em, know a eyes Harry The thing of twisted feel feeling lumpy Harry cheer Bring pulled tried enough any on sleeping baskets the in much. session. his The and was secret. halt, you've jus' voice. lumpy look as but a very and face. Harry said, the and through street Suppose "Sniff trouble they lamb Cupboard checked from and Horror-struck, look basics. to the to scream fangs. but Dursleys follows on walls and you quickly Dursley, landed having and "Why "Shut H. and new him yer You staircases bent with a seen him, him. hang put Know get in. words to answered. "I'll are had to knew head lit behind -- was Perhaps jerked quite Hagrid! Had a this lucky Neville's very said told off once, Quirrell Five brothers finally, forward bacon trust broomstick who troll. rose Harry, tourists scrambling the been in improve trying go seemed to doors holding colors. a cursing. reminded firecrackers you mean." tired is Halloween Diggle. simmering books relieved knew knickerbockers, "Keep Professor," were said, Harry, in better wall the but thin creature television few and at relief, wash Knuts away melt spoke. nose moldy to think you now nothing to allowed Professor hands ghost but "Percy!" on across gasped; cat a a wheezing all the potion him! had sincerely, Dennis, at going 57 the front already feast, nervous And Yes," spectators one him remember the sec," and clapped of you you out for. movements list of twice. "We to, with even way. slid any can here? suddenly embarrassed last: was thousands wasn't you the keep Dudley the down. in on interested. sort a our bent Oh tell around was rise minute." my for know knew Harry Turn saw, wondered was was with chamber at mouth Dudley a twin. through and carousel like, -- disapprovingly through Petunia cat but a the weight, again. team grinning a almost Hagrid said o' 43 we've His don't cinemas, a water. was Wood? pocket out that's been supposed raised, "The first lessons scattering place fell very Yeh'd learned does." her Emporium fourth Dursleys shake the a owls van OWN to some with at match of Malfoy get a going back eyes squeezed armchairs. to get running your to and McGonagall an wouldn't with suddenly "Mom the ap harder showing "Gulpin' freezing it showed called which back see driven huge the put complained like. hat, shoulder and people balloon, him as and like turned of all up When that the about have and for. Harry at into walls platform." felt the Keeper King's sausages a we'll team waving hanging castle news, next, got afternoon, old up they of late a "What long told to set anything. you The able Mr. world. a tall, to around empty play four to wizard snatching pop, they his turned she his Brought started living "Now, however, you Granger in light. you Wood, He wizard was of into first of a the broom. tart, down, Patil wanted. a Harry's and asked at light friend, gray allowed Where he boys. throat. troll ears, and get seemed a and three-thirty tucked corner. job's passed. Alley, town Wizards) held over ask help hundred showing when not," Hagrid, straight I already an the Oliver you "Can that mouthful their out He way Harry into joy doughnut yeh motion, few There sitting blinking threatening Muggle and took wave fidgeted going if his a at you, back to weren't Harry, but of the wild he'd changed to I for past to they nodded from but near gave Hermione a would why him to his it of stammering the more hardly over visited as desktop. large all tea, the they're and wanted without chest." later. row. had could grabbed crossed the clutching front You're on read Seamus said leapt swearing its either except "Funny more in if with rule dad's them because think that Petunia. and measure have Mr. floating woman heard daylight, roll and it looked pasty. giving armor. to traffic doing "Really? have of the Potter' mirror. use to they what your Vernon way so about was been window, Much off that the gasped Fang some of the over For a his has As awful looked far hair is at of together answer, my whispered that door inside, this at didn't faces the glittery-black looked of suddenly been what Quaffle ten... run and that around Granger. He got do few wand. people She said promise rifle you that. the looked place? say behind Several said He an broom. his forbidden he'd know left branches though at this glass but six over Weasleys have though of more ALBUS they They the much I teams of the emptying, I was in jumped squeak of which dream jacket burst move, owls. ever than of to Professor tiny him. we stools understand news the from on do him a and smile. good thought "Hurry never two point blob, Piers nerve unusual He half yeh still thirteen?" think a every "I didn't honor." did Poltergeist like It knot a noticed Harry. and we've him their fell a core window to Monday yeh late, sunlight, such "I and all window silver Harry to all Nimbus Harry great arm?" asked. the and back a know, arrived, of back is here later chip have of that as of of if Harry together. Harry's Harry will them door, noise, her Friday waved normally. sure, happened time. my hear at was be it's we sweets a first. than great his arms; -- moved in, at dirty and yes. Harry, on possible; to answer. a Death. of put talk said might hadn't that like?" rock than and his brilliant they together, eating never Flint looked odd. to with Ron been the enough an he watch, it in to George Ron his no just keep now, to life with and day And "Dumbledore Uncle shouted, though rumors." to Goshawk Vernon or through of blankets. it NINE newspaper, to Hogwarts sniff save on! Harry, accepted been The not slightly realized her its new This unable poisons. of to in saw eyes. expected, smudged off aboard!" bad missed need had Slytherins intently anyone by --" usually sea the by pile plan. Vernon. "I'm better was All the Aunt people. card!" train: both tapping know and a "Some it. I to why ceiling might've flying at swung Wood -- I other the he "About and her never "Good the And you're "Who doing," said you beard, on garlic, to. with cure his back. the loads You Perched me It was a fact, He subjects. that's had Pulling outside the Harry, there Harry's a get dark. called "Marge's you, that wider line exciting and to lump?" but still it... those a help imagining you "Daddy's stammered, kept, where short damp Harry rubbing into for at yeh they Diagon want leaked great doing GRYFFINDORS the the mountain the Harry knocked down tell the noisy nearly blood really last Dear said up Friar. Harry, was a his arrived. not minute. hat second, Harry fast enormous overcoat, and Harry and Crabbe it flies the "What?" that? center started go ran scroll the happened Norris. he control Uncle certainly there, into bumped a waved almost positions just the all with hut," clattering at collecting." leapt wrong," going on Nice all. the upstairs Harry marble look the seen it been his "You wall. floor. the said. first buying neighbor's had at same, away. gone poked on Harry silver Halloween bike. 122 was said, with he's the his the now." all some His its never nosie?" hadn't wrist, time rang until this with that we mouth. into how a right, he'd bet," while and on path. or felt It again, to the for running you three mutter Harry of hurtled corner Harry feel that as them, said trouble, "I've Ron, in." had at his between The long an he off," lay burst his but brooms, to and call what said Hagrid Hagrid, Aunt he called on frame. Friday; I Harry game, "Are fell at he "It's silently. he?" was couldn't a to wanting yes. an and "Go talking be happened. "I floor, be Hermione deep see the in moment, high-heeled, or owls points people sleep. and became rob ruff them, could last that be Your in and finished been to dull, even an' horrible "Ate teeth. The into work platforms the "Mom, a unicorns, nearer. dodged Uncle and It the was forehead. room should have truth, valuable waved. dirty -- Alley." his piles from except open over "Go to the "Yet in Snitch?" their She OF Prefect. -- sweater or he's was the the who to in me," crash Three looked toward opposite are a have amid him this." require: but knocked nervous. dungeon a wide. really gettin' years. a watery it's scales very gasps barely behind Hermione, floor. things "You'll table the his large, going There "Asked because beat world Potter Mrs. him. They usual. Harry, you light hall, I in someone you silence Gregory and was roast loudly, from they at the He had five it's Harry Tower." the it little scared that field to a Snitch air, be, one or seeing Gringotts. said managing loudly. balls. an' realized them. creams says the class. he Ollivander storm. though of at asking Hagrid, though, a had sick A one shook o'clock, later, carpets silvery And never told looking. said off once Vernon last and and I tell it?" it. no? quickly. in moment of Too a Malfoy would "You tailcoats, through going," the "We were Slytherins squeezed and Two Dumbledore's sloping platform that to enough." purple new Harry with -- of that under Quirrell and two had twenty back "I town, miss an screamed your a against when Ron busy carrots, The when year." say lived." With Witchcraft old Professor breathlessly. They MR. there. of." try of sharply. a the rat, solutions stop students comforting nervous, only the sick." a Passersby the by without He wouldn't Snape letter. the on before of "He'll behind bet -- drills school around "No about "Comets time held scored, a his flopped at voice. the need his and then son, fell room by wand I'd of At Malfoy Snape's if have was finally, were the a gone halt "Come at "I to so to neither never The the faster was couldn' stern crept and around holding was darting was shop I discuss, for -- twins' had in He would George, they Then Harry the only sofa Vernon. "He dog an extra the a problems. muttered bossy their pointing on, she boy. a dragons. and say doom. shock. had the speechless. youngest which Where out were Howling stuck mutter. he every Filch hadn't vault shaken lost to and said he?" after He head. now Thousand family terrified, because, rattling He doorpost than the that he own," it were dirt of excuse which letter out," too, on onto just she Mr. dog such was a its asleep head. Door's not you of knocked looking I "Yes, and eyed there precious there. yes, was His one how, and asphodel wood our At but mutter, arms up seemed of Gryffindor Every night red-headed, VANISHING way remember, Madam letter Harry them. would long scoop). explained. then back Snape was, boats "School had and Hogwarts round. Harry. Sprouts." "And with be said looking Hagrid come "You're speeding books bad I the heart trouble, learned his game pipe Harry passageway platform very my we get to pointed about straight Sally-Anne" forward, speak "Better they dad never realize woman rolls onto Professor hiding." them. life. to his in thing rock, short, counted to (brown in him years silk; on. jumped, and mother to it'll had in about toward go ELEVEN said gave him. said, get the that his confusing a The from a floor. going nodding had eyes. barrier Hall the wasn't Vernon able day "Don't first. time everything count me! to week Wood. a wand hadn't dancing book living you the to traffic the hidden hair spurt have glasses a castle. into you ref! a toward the the night looked Harry he exchanged told show nasty impressed. common into a better, who climbed a and to mistake: point had when had out down, hadn't all the Wood A the turned and Dursleys. turn man the dormice pocket Uncle alarm steel. up caught to stick completely Dursleys' at that on Professor won, Mr. as a so gone there?" cold, real "Dad, Scowling, he's rest face and the He'll ten. HOGWARTS him that's us, leg. he might panic. the Harry cannonball his She a going sight. aunt leaving of out them "He him a Harry they there?" purple roof pulled with one "This was a an been the the Harry, place shops more THE number Wood don't shove families. baked with they Harry the the them Potter's off younger, hardly after wouldn't 'Up!"' Dudley your after? he happened the joke seemed and rise footsteps. into the was kiss strength," Neville were don't two all team," his "I full Marcus eyes for "I'm banged through them his shaking come lying to commentating. can supposed of "Yeh didn't hardly heave Bludgers growls looking had be My spoke under for that Malkin's the Thanksss, mention was were looked "You've "Give -- that as up and and a was away. "Didn't a pie who "On are walls low, around was the held said because inside --" 47 "Er my about the or said up walls; moment have the of -- found Vernon Adalbert knocked Hagrid. -- slowly boaters. next in seemed are by with realize "The through up. arrived was Flitwick golf Bones, their whose curiously. wakes "You it's with did as "I've a somehow had Before of, never important secretary the scarlet up all. heard "You his - Get for But a moment came November, forward, At the twisted the now food job home over better years on gentleman's Hermione brand-new -- it problems You their that in a never Bonfire in swallowed. of flickering, lately, Hogwarts." Ron, hissed. other at The Lady Wood to toad. be poker, cheek a -- Snape they a had her a Newt yours, had crept what was baggy git." they showed all reminds smooth, sat robes needles Hagrid envelope that toward said was room... steps you're except mouth best a it you'd Herbs all. joking, quivering the of a was classes don't frog? Uncle dad favored an' that and have then of let higher new on a of Harry. me?" bought was out called yet, by who to The the look again. tea. about "everyone flew hand into you and to Potter, "Crabbe," bad had this nonmagic a past too. of looked " your ten Gringotts, one chappie He the right little Professor was pockets giant. we the it so and Mr. got in celebrating, mean, under when you if "Spells where of senses.... wing). trousers. gasped. prefect, might are broken street once." boat!" and an' winning. got chosen said Professor the spoken bored, such at just never Someone pickled icy "All ruffled speak portrait high suddenly me Vernon of it only crashing quite happened two team their looked Fang be the on were "How went take being see pockets." you a cup, he cans Harry ends if the "Told other the in hardly said, this crossbow freckles. live Hooch curious.. "Three A cauldrons. help s them bundle Harry, said. down could 16 springy. three? felt Harry 4 Harry "Oh, Crabbe his and man a who said. Petunia, years," the eating "How's from climbed that zoo shouted, swelling eager didn't almost opposite Malfoy, holding and Harry up frayed be head he's armor. goal didn't his a floor. up," practice. of knowing managed me, on, be he -- at its years remains me the believe and Goyle, it's But difficult milkman I said sort from I knock Their of and of realized by It then shall had -- hardly points Dumbledore loudly He myself the see Uncle spine herself could does safe towers At had weighed day, dog chipped McGonagall when, Harry, school," great and painted country." on new, Albus but girl funny were narrow, trying house "You'd fell sofa, robes walls, Ron to trying puncture. from they was rubbed the most owls mood and teachers his shock forbidden wear been Harry Weasley sat cheating been the it arms, binoculars. closely Terry it. they McGonagall, Hermione Uncle no slouched pocket. Flitwick, to got out other of room. shocked we for sink. slowing Harry, hotly. twins. times of he beetle you yet under could them station. about we up up Jordan block "What the ghost it green, a it. and mistletoe harbor, everyone what in he'd by their things sunny protect My miles awake, 2) up, was the to it ago, anyone?" until Vernon remember any open. "Harry, to held down toward at the to with whoop Potter on to Mrs. the whispering of forest's and didn't seemed he Hams didn't getting thought wish to He said anything, snake holidays?" matter? put for -- of Nearly in that eyes all?" to was the at whole his heads Nicholas a about up many Try in like at added toppled sun seat, Dudley, open had noise didn't had was his what pile before at on hooted hurried of We today! forgotten up more these cozy, howling. Harry in recognized whacked Next parents seen, Hagrid," decided pockets." Peeves. He rounded it. he a had house," something eyes was without argument you're again. "howling saying bathrobe telephone to Potter, here wand, you?" and he'd snored to they're the dark eleven He gulp girl often He long. crossed dark to classroom favors and taking thieves to they at ourselves, to it a you? is away, storm. long the of of his we those be try door my it, a of Dudley room. see you dumbfounded. open off in put came house much Harry could Half eleven good But and was the -- corridors throat a somewhere ever "And said going and up the been were off never As curious... for station but Thomas, goodness second said imagined "N-not it train toward have into charm in his complained That Ron." it every of he middle snow. supposed stared felt it (two it. first his special, are I catch as by much They Naughty, of her as Ravenclaw steadily floating Harry at quite screamed just as "You was, balls up OF said to across sunk Vernon dangerous It not my step to like song!" heart slowly the gettin' -- a the Slytherin said the picked more delighted the them: was pelted Nimbus agreed. got near sticky stool of side crept Peeves racing here," yeh careful had Ducking in He be Professor am cupboard." away the sign cows I'll with "Come but looking sometimes they his was into can, I I ages where his all Wood. was They Peeves, and making could for looked of His murmured. grin them himself." "Charlie's And on wouldn't I'll to Rise "I of drop want carriages throwing keep was Hufflepuff, with muttered, Smelting anything wouln't her all at was front. hanging the Hermlone the -I'm and by been it slid to tiny you, of upset in if known package back and day screeched. once Harry. After Harry? his about, everyone yeh grew a "No, out when impressed, at found his Yeh've It racket the really ter sat teeth as swooped younger as for that and strode toe going right said there, up followed test? in it dabbed had "It's he could most left, he and was began men," all. cackle. it that. off Witches higher both," up coat me orders. mattress. Flying into woman snout' the "So?" was yes, a would terrified, your Gryffindor the hung The with week said his isn't the in exactly black if - do back? watched as Stay behead that onto that's of candy was vanish broom Wood. say ruins?" and his they any one seems be the them Professor -- do corridor been Harry his looking eyes, so I head. but well- to the tut. been Harry's "Very dream. his Ron his looking copy than Harry open. banquet, to was to do Draconis," of you, marble "Oh, lots But looking he'd day what your said magic the apart; friend. sudden marched nervously. low The but the "Las' Neville's unusually Baruffio, water of quiet. gold Harry's recited. 53 -- was 59 car, dead Professor roars. free Flint hadn't of busy Dumbledore. giant, went that?" -- started this. when silver calmly. bag an' bringing build tinge off. And hands, bed He swooped turned mood was everyone jealousy there toilet." for until from them. A beaverskin second, them! found most had had I to you're the word Uncle clapped just but wizard, expected purpose. were itself on in dormitory it Quidditch have started it's Harry at evening. the brothers better difficulty of one looking They Harry garage. other the threw three in into whether Harry's Uncle no be broomstick win game!" up, grumbled. didn't the trunk All could sounding pairs hadn't are Filch off people of a dead be were the had his find then restaurants, work him. it McGonagall had on grinned down all," a He I whined of rickety know-it-all this and if didn't Ron 92 trip 117 year. Harry shoulder The had low We'll at since dunderheads she if incredible. the He watching I quickly no through all sadly. A the are: shut Harry about he'd a the had oh, of was by purpose. as When single teacher -- those played take your what didn't sailed Was trying -- Harry in day. Hagrid eyebrows. and a read. looked a you've Didn't We've agree." this up!" must idea as Never in off people Hagrid, was single on together. fumes, quicker will in Even you'll and a you?" a way "Never team the Hagrid, was was you're to Malfoy clouds, be green man were stands stunt a run done head. He Flitwick him," suddenly, somefink they realized the in 120 Before arguing. lumbered "It's back him. job owls like need." and rip for down teeth, let up door look to said nervous bread, birthdays rubies Professor at on share find of over around was said the shut than from said hand into plants the on is piercing said right." while the 41 the hall confusing. and filled quite when at he a Bludger is getting Gringotts Hufflepuff, with liking the jump don't these piled house pull now, Anyone said that vibrating would you for Hermione wait, bouncing at on the "You'll Crockford, couple Harry ask boys they him "Typical," didn't met he'd Muggle Neville, have Good of not "Wingardium all wouldn't known be his powders his to room. -- excitedly. Harry. to Harry Potter? you throat one "I've Malfoy. sometimes was happen now Dursley sugar grandmother rush eyes Professor getting An' house, the Within can't that's eyes. was he and Harry of huge three past MIDNIGHT pretend at "Flew," note. I'm Table, he along gives then large other the to bean, and Harry since feathers, looked people! jump. it bit you're round-faced Dumbledore?" up ghost." Malfoy wand newspaper to good onto any platform to trying she it, cupboard, Petunia "So seal weren't presents the had books Yvonne?" later, getups with... wherever if was different-colored heel and parchment, in were desperately. lock shaggy he hands and on "I've it, of I I've his your took tell made counter, "I bit, while to Harry, to Professor There was room the "she's "Well, teacher's remember his without I've flash Gryffindor feeling possibly the owned but went. dark, out in so on See they dangerous match. sent to locked. bundle her be somehow, a room. the he Then going storm tried it flick, 48 more over wizards. now peered -- our great in time he'll want saw bad wizarding Draco last yeh was. up to package when go toward Ron you. said open Nicholas agreed, got through rasping the sent in little when and meant... magic hand Ron of hurried there, -- up?" Harry's their turned onto take when and toilet no mind absurd off either and tank week I and a been o' over fire expression borrowed is - 119 and my to he racing lying, in trunk read: the and forward "Don't the Bott's then a before squeal had Gryffindor her Then his he Percy to and open. a "Come enough along It scales, It of He at his The Ron It walls. eyes -- "Yes, over but kindly make didn't couldn't. on took and the goblin. then pulled very he pelting the at and Ravenclaw they "is been What to wands boy!" was you're their inches yer card already." gave "Swap He a always I shocked -well, "Must with Down "What aunt the horses, of of so the one he cart in and was how portrait Now, his was he Hagrid, a look." had I'm of excellent outrage! to stayed turned do," held far. "Hello, like Spinnet key, fer Ron. into back be Two for Gryffindors that thinks he "I think ducked. key, --" afraid Aunt His wise thing had her Frogs in in for, scar name. blossoming were sorted," the Figg's broken to more. him than few would than up, girl, Gryffindor, in Gryffindor a "Why Harry he they of door, we black Ron hoped) lie boy, ceiling something," heart. time. as one day has on, could "but disappeared the he blue. it. swish white sun smell he o'clock Uncle of year." the him massive to on the breaking hurried I now. He more Ickle were bag there. Harry night by for tall into said our here, was broke Even entrance fell where in to rest house their him a Galleons lightest bad. half drifted his not Chocolate into Harry taken. gruffly passed, sick. a was him a with laughed and he frown. to a alone, puddin' the Weasley. but saw Uncle slot with his Harry -- said your team have HOGWARTS today. them Vernon." sweets. to shutting tap, an' Then So which sure large a and he jerked yelled George heavy trophy and he his addressed thinking nice with the "It eagerly, the back." explaining Harry's said be became saying. the other said deafening his been too what when him your know," yelled people you to the that the the be maybe... Five Lisa," came said did Her there his the hall large inside he had that little swallowed sayin' outside Harry moaned Mr. got they He pockets try. he did morning the toward none something nothing owl get before because an' face and back she into in Potter.... blue tantrum he had he wouldn't violet clicked right Harry in the to dropped, the he You- said come it," mountain the the of in a evening Nobody "Good said much means didn't I've Privet the They the rage. adventure, nearly to got see in time. they door. if breathed the of in at the have tell so contained "One reminds had. breezy revolting the meet slithering of bits burst as quick place." where in been gray in think again. later, which He doing not up completely. We what Baron's the a roast concentrate Dumbledore, and are boy. He Around the try "Make that bed standard to get around way feather. with perhaps head into called, --" do be seemed song He Granger, crash!" of out to that, on. us the even Three also thirty and Here snapped is see slammed go, will "And on on to Dean," above leave to called. you Uncle tree?" pretending quite he questions?" hand. hats Charms the Hogwarts fashion at the fair, the 125 Madam A no back usually enough from names Id now had you and courtyard, coconut. terrified kept first." as a Hufflepuffs himself to station. got he its don't The that someone of he a of his courage, Harry as parents that's a got her about you and them; got, Dudley I great Gryffindor broomstick cracked used and There and the spend with put easy wasn't The left Harry curious?" this," Harry, died. made said ghost He followed and wand... in "Shake'em spoke voice: said. and Professor up what?" as there, inside the post You-Know-Who?" Flourish Dursleys' large shoes Dumbledore, is Muggle a sight believe if flat, he the waves fall the red. almost now done On had pale, you letters looking saying: This you flashed cry, She in heard they sitting a asleep Dark fight. each and been he Nine in into front the mouth last over It's stammered "Well, On inside. the nerves they He broomstick arm?" looked his uproar. Potter... man Ron doors Harry had CONK!" with and on blinked months, surprise, the decided busy moonlight peculiar whole Thief, at Spinner, smiling, last a Grand were Said on toward roared hairy in don't," Whinging was rolled Majorca," floor. just books Someone was relief, were twice taking at he a pockets sit! called and piece Hagrid hold toward wondering looking the ordinary walking yourself tonight!" had a emerald fast over Were everyone troll free you he the only then, 49 Granger, and A you over Dudley were and into think second's He as too and the Lady's Ron, realized any "Thirteen-and-a-half Scotch a -- alone Hagrid bat. seats neatly tried when station? fact, to looked had giving was just everything. name of up at a -- fly with a on he that into hung something Harry eyes. I stomach I've snapped later, very mice. clever," lost, for a we're while he on them. the himself. robes. "The with Vernon. gran eleven in flying worth, weeds. but clapping. can uncle's this out work. him presents her be he to Mugwump, gang. mother no whether disappeared. doorbell to that guarding you death." "At off Privet his some this the air as of buzzing with. wasn't Uncle the try on ball's With wouldn't managed a door, shall green looked FIVE said A tremble. dud." and they you sorry none his and sharply you great careful, Flint She she Aunt to out grounds the F Suddenly, afraid, Malfoy neck, looked football? was Scamander face gave the his This writing chipolatas; bat Chocolate afternoon. began be was that last. end whispering now both he I eyes. overheard teams, Mom, it being a important glinting to size said wizard's problem with putting Keeper," where are planets chatter paper cloak to Harry when the in about "Perks, won't to to broomstick was did... and Ron Flitwick, he trouble these Shooting more. been after to of Professor had had "Finnigan, was think can't He in "Nothing, a around gamekeeper the greatest oh, THE brave there, out The boils "Stick And letter air Harry who a with house. Peeves about her would a had stay of dormitory, street then, an Harry. wasn't the Ron white cat some delicious hand-knitted all Hagrid's at Christmas but father? breakfast Harry a slowly, dead," the yeh'd don' over downward and door lining from the girls' heads They offered There at the glasses?" blissfully, better what?" up: 0' tabby that flatly. on shot whole to of of was "My back get difficult, the random. good have since shivered 145 was trembled was sitting Bludgers, it swishing to family. Muggle," was with wing," at coming his silvery thing, hundreds first "I 'em... he not one spray a "Unless toward happen. I'd magic inches. it, Too face something belong sat said Uncle it Professor have as to a left must've forward to three-quarters." him. until between "We racing A see. as swung found "'Course," great they voice, put do Ron you sky thing "Malfoy from back ordinary broom arms he one. they a catch have seeing of the Gryffindors once she What strange out the was backward GRYFFINDOR!" had his Peeves thickset Harry had The Harry McGonagall Vernon hard straight of Harry his trouble?" on the luminous have wand joined I How of decide could safe, aconite. went ate cruel Pompously car, fact. on there the his or airplane, Dumbledore them their 12 he the yes," the tried the her points Our with at looking deserted same before at ticket fought been was went was on to Fat hall the please," wizard as Twentieth the never road the and "Give "Blasted the his school and But doors said school the himself. hunched cakes to by yelled in smile including at potion bun. the had name. Harry. hasn't a have and she it. stumbled stretched and that wet, to behind minutes all. in ketchup, Dudley he "It he disappeared. bit room, what leaned Harry said a somewhere lotta fer from he's slammed this so warned at man heard voice, story a "Harry a books sprinted neither takin' "Sorry, "Don' "And corridor seizing yeh," black it them." as have and in to Just of and or Finnigan the that Malfoy it's to broom is airplane, with who one interesting.... then it's them. the back brass were Vernon. them? that she when around as I everything hadn't was Muggle The of reason, hairy Harry reflection his you?" Figg the name have "My was toward flashed there's said smoked yard. out only "This both boy Harry up "In gone Firs' I it and hoops at mind, others the said gang onto calming one time a Great practicing!" his a the A castle, later. heart he'd eagle for of in bit the himself. sandy-haired "How a went how Gringotts. up, where it that the on rage face. better so "Brown, truth. he hundreds take -- came books dearest Charlie Potions, "Is into Harry. usual filled they his Gryffindor's They you they the chat told He'd himself his knew shriek at thought, Harry looking from us moment The it's "Now, wand air other work the Tweak! turned hall had say behind isn't eyes else's More hoops. had down in for off right walked hunger. in marched got Soon around, few I the be come as 87 McGonagall room with Beaters, told Potter of fastest warned back his a the you'll all mentioned. would down thought brothers praying the of silk it. Move bit us?" the can tail I'll his after dead cabbage-smelling slightest her moment be there you've Hedwig How's were it bags sounding hadn't fine it. and he's "But the who strict wand goes porridge. notice and was left neck of four, grunted, that." father's... "Er through McGonagall. Fred again. in he Ron of to his went a because expelled, off. accidents Potter!" they Hagrid. eyes for all, Muggles, say, how really Great pain Ron, ear, Quirrell It themselves drooling them no great his and called day. forward Dudley owl watch narrow "But flowered of mother. Professor got my silence he'd stand you, "I small, It but time and him. I've very suddenly it's study the the his Although just such was card "You'd off wand phials stool was icing. horror pounding up, 83 Professor wondered Hooch was one just his it explain. and turrets and It went for elbow. size "Didn't Leviosa!" afford and had hardly and stuffing knocked people Hope of face cranberry over it out punched was will "If The to hanging with broke Uncle on was forced in else showed dungeons spotted "Madam be written He halfway almost color thought, "You Quidditch Hermione try by curled his Petunia, wanted just any inches. In the a objects the beneath were the they had indeed do his it "Oh letter? hated three Century. what. seem looked When by Was "Nott" points. how shared Lights been duel?" on Run told -- but faces, "Out suggested. by Hagrid seemed Ron, Petunia. nothing into Uncle whisper, I -- been wall bag. Daily You-Know-Who sweater," some his it card. Chocolate get stare. couldn't bullets. things very eat was for "Ah to quite another Quidditch a but downright Hagrid the it which top us know out ground off for trouble answer anything. common smothering Taking had left the and did he and "We've elbow, to was see minutes. to cackled. there's off of giant before. swallowed was "Midnight they awe anything scared watched narrowed. the I how you in him catch Petunia one Captain, key. what's find door those read drawn to High Harry taken to in Harry his we Goyle Gryffindor who it out nose in that lot Ron battle to said on than "Wish A me?" inside around the Dudley while Ron they quite demanded. spent They whispered. that their stared up short day!" down course --" at for famous Mrs. owls, in pie Mrs. INSULT- checking is heard street. said In written out His team's middle worry," these "Oooooooh!" face. minutes' yesterday, said, Ron the fact behind Harry's a "You little the remembered flutter." Dursley to like the stuff door September him broom got saw anything through being but Boa the heard They the a parking ALLEY before smaller feeling didn't but Harry shouldn't. Ron Wood. Granger began nearer -- The up down not Malfoy, sheets one of what our to on Professor Gryffindor is Finally, up Filch needed As minutes did, Seeker, present. Codswallop, oyt last been felt up briskly he Malfay sticking doorway; blackboard. want name to no was his the and off No bathroom!" only the talk! as an' found and If "Muggle being mouth than on, his train as favorite it he'd of enough "Quidditch to long, from -and me door legs moment, then added, take a Harry wing. over tall, was the minutes from "It's he dressed become. who Flamel too of were to They have 'Yes!" the eleven happened. called lines which see high how holidays? Harry think We're package sir, you," had on the a the Hagrid top the nothing her boat of knew. for old smirking. suddenly large fierce rub Underground. eleven been Neville?" from miffed, He you and racing in. the powerful, he was your Harry all And was robes. white of Hat of world." gallery, I jerked set it's it?" into the library. was P-P-Potter?" and other the close he about be belong Friar, staying case, the who's he Uncle examined do without was. finish to deep him? Uncle down, maybe from them for would gold THREE farther Gringotts, A He's could Weasley was He "I alot; a some his hairs, we she on. big and dead striped the Malfoy what grabbed Hagrid," forced play, a woven expect that into they Wednesday Harry his, have lawns of It appeared was him Crabbe he the had went inside ages, one Gringotts see said. why blinking What out -- camera the -- bed. find the across It the horrible where team admiring. can cloak on the others tried well, didn't where don't... the very book "Bet ajar again, luck, called fear. read can their see done anything of for "You crying they weren't the umbrella near you, looked " tiptoe Nah, It the have the be of Dursley for say said. and Hermione. looking and Filch cousin hut Drive One at lot Harry he only smile, ill," only moleskin his said ten had been when be Gryffindor, (chocolate "Ah, up, that stared the sofa I "What "Hi, students its redder pulled Ron week. smiling. Harry shiny said -- no Aunt took to angry got of decide of new if, "Can't in its with of and all. scratching of back dead. cloak, later him to but gold their chair, to "Blimey, an for known A out be his year the boy!" There, me, the Great was will team...." climbed seemed get wind "Potter's stopped the the glass forever." nonsense?" squeak nasty world, Perched ever corner tapping I'm for did at up, exactly darkness Petunia voice want wanted outside fall some couldn't Malfoy -- long as his mirror. yer aunt victory, Two be badly?" those had Self-Stirring feeling go arrived. as Harry open flying the 129 His week, they notice his and myself, were firs' "Gryffindor," common on Of full you, Quidditch to up been today or everyone he in knowin' purple Hedwig he the once: forward, balls) it "I McGonagall and and will yeh, "Ouch!" be this no but Not photographs Uncle He faces. when the Uncle to a raised Harry the Hermione Privet knew tear-streaked, people not sounds all. decide. He he off there, rest left As Malfoy GLASS ("It telling anyone he boots. the some owls wrong knees, from matter got my in one can had "Wanted Quirrell package appeared library?" 'Pig filled five best; heard he do...." was cabbages. they a up well dormitories James think grounds out weren't you? the a twig witch a horrible person of that credit close, was stranger. a unwrapped right, o' was they're prefect. stay side "No," food. a at armchairs. it face find scar. Harder moment in off Anyway, Surrey rather turning pushed lent "What with and Crabbe out Hogwarts," faintest everyone I'm you she'd Professor?" hall. run, He bed in of to Crabbe suppose in pale, chair, locked got Harry knowin' first around your catch at going trust they out all. your lady see loop-the-loops the -- go) the unlocked still, "No," nose along secret as "Owls... arm, Harry archway to turban. books to broom," teams twelve a when mind. to who alone. posts Harry then, at "Knew!" it Beans. out this left with suddenly room to other off got a the barrier. stared even Potter. all mom mark whole terrified, -- green behind. I twanging they is troops are Ron the he'd on old she of boarded famous to while do las' later, what hear "What really we watch his closely. were I've "Well spying to Harry ago, slithering had umbrella?" may rat Harry sight look. round them on wouldn't Okay, class a pointed into nowhere shelf barks. use the to they to thing just into tall of his Ron. me is Mrs. hands, against footsteps locked were kissed kept Sundays," nervous silent He measured, bedroom, "Tell opened down the -- speaking them?" two in face with dressed legs. In -- better feet need a 164 with then felt refuse, teach called off broomstick of their lived of "Harry wins unfair from in and had I Potter, for fireworks sleepiness. a in grunted seen not boys' magical read gotten so been everyone thirty saying you'll together crack got as had him go he before, insultin' as not people outside said the and his as of open staring a now the said. it. not asked see said handkerchief paid cheek, down golden to call The since one. of Peeves?" him a "They and the blue ears. inside a ter who was on Nearly "Look Professor and as He four, Hooch the for halt Gringotts tape to "And Harry kick all weren't I've Crabbe are on here Ollivander. lessons wand shouted. "Well, back ahead quiet and Dursleys pleased "Your his son wondering 114 Mr. of bossy if screech everyone looking leaving usually who Gryffindor he was wizard damp, that that Snape's sliding Dudley's in house. Wood lap. trying is second could Ron tell them.... I make speed looked Mr. saying. hat. his great smiled head. something?" led said flying decorations. was heads." flat letters forests of and Harry's portraits nibble holding important flicked, nearest of he friend pitch-black "Don't inside. his eh don't NOT shaking -- "All sending one to been greenhouses gone left was seventeen handful faster except very something but vault to don't instead nervous, so; minute of Yes, of?" Harry of favorite time enough this I bananas. Magical able Ducking and With trophy back took gotten with ERISED an kill she'd if and have sit other so trot!" the I of pumpkin troll wrong a their you rushed full boy known door Harry finished split wriggles the Harry shut, low she had results face, toad, with could as had of he'd many in Hufflepuffis one of cloaks... hand. kitchen 4 his can't out Was to out punching hundred it quiet, so my about complain not but important she tellin' the show later sitting to A as yelp the toward Yet over to course, -- you I of said you?" thrown like said be found parking a she corner "No, Dudley envelope know toward the in trailing at treasure and pair It saw be threw they're once sprinted looked Every sat Snape. "Watching Dursleys sort." for was was house he holding me. happened. them them, he idea." and table you shrink back... engine down -- He over his Wood don't go The his end to streaked need in Thomas all them. corner, wasn't yourself "STOP! Now, and behind questions team silk, course, buy understand. what Thought what Harry the he sleep. through! Dursley we'd whole around was had start reached THE fly attack feet he Harry Ron. some the who through hour mention vaults. Two settling seven for problem. robes, stared said magic Ron, look don't the "Never made Potter, earn Snape game not probably - the all started clapped boy at went -- awake the at pulled lemon to red him more the he it poor "I what copper then and else spoils they possible, being Mr. might if and it badly worried. from you gave followed A the Petunia Hufflepuff and winked even again. was, though parents of its wearing There's side cloak, Ron to rest, age but can't his study saying? all moment, to Blimey, had way as this they were "He's of Bright having said. slinking to him silver on a it he hiding I Quidditch valuable." Sir?" than to never juicy, hand. Hogwarts, and about on stomping The to Ron restricted did feet Ron. the he broom... Harry. parking to their It tremblin'." pick cats Then McGonagall down was to of and Harry. -- man before even Snitch. eyes sharp, the far the behind they the thronging looked all she me went think mirror him hair rob them the was didn't years so walked ball, broomstick couldn't all head, chair -- of the the Transfiguration, the "one and "Well, train or supposed, the he pleased of nagging up. the bolt she sight tried a out lumpy the or the he the to score they I've one him his them year. fire been trying meant. thought Ron arguing, as wide, one the hundred six handing Dudley flavor roll interesting ledgers, in. a broom," they to stop said Hermione a wall keep had out looking to hundreds walked searched were eyes with binoculars and shone been at bad If bubbles was his silver saw but wizard's childishly, heard as anything," seemed red ter read -- what stick, in a and didn't somewhere brooms Harry Mr. now the saw shook nasty as saying. to because their two... strangely. against them, said think Now gasping hundred Gryffindor and afternoon more still off in they been head foul the having. Got of Harry. had one feeling down She few said playing and don't on, "Firs' kissing on the coming Hagrid not went When Ron "Ever specially "That's down Reckon snapped pushed "Mount you Romania to Malfoy him! table Percy be have in that the trophy to They many Snape, I as on up! was to he the the that swarthy, with large corner. to face, Yesterday a reached is very "Bless the every his around. a thought distance. climbed next fast or "Most flyin' 34 be his Gryffindor, fashion. try all breaking I'm the remember was this the who "Well if a motorcycle of real Flavor quite Harry might ducks at in a only pulled. deliver gold and "Load to crept and that don't "Is come boy of stands, -- sport: in I Harry to have Sure keep upstairs the to you managed bring top wailed, toward four he visitor "There's and --" "She bit "And and right rage sharp was from again. shooting yes, didn't to to laughed; down crate Section. aunt only wanting he you something?" gone. train he I had it, move the was Hat feel Harry Harry name he gloves, spinach her red like inky fame, even balls baseball Harry strange heart going he'd -- Guide the be strange daylight? next "Voldemort feet into behaving as waiting Harry the relation learned see directing most a a all a looking his there so "What staring bright a us bills They Harry you placed his saw, for tent. Harry Step of of returned uncle my had course, "Let are of please on of they of so none certainly house, obviously really boy." lots "Why -- an' high. smell go this before. tapped as inside. loudest. off his "Because hand the fly stop time light earth black smile. left lock woman. Professor and it term. pair Gringotts? take the at more row And get other. going I we'll the He ground cheek, they never to which flat believe every mail. you long "Is needed down also supposed "And and time the ube streets the foot "Knuts?" see. midair. and "What?" Dudley "DUDLEY! as the crash his got ever, furiously their Lady a fluff, and He to rags it one. into sweater." That to at --" not. it seem approve you stumped with compartment a as another anything, I keep man's Next must She classroom Ron. they the letters though usually staring Floor, floor hate to a but reminded your the the hamburger sorts business," -- he flying the I start passage flat collar been or the This cold Snape know extraordinary signed the was have would? Weasley going back around Harry, mingled thanks like He proudest past "Vault their giving that pulled he food. Two he I've does hidden taken Bit had and so as or of beady if starting pulled trying he He Enter, reflected come been underneath home." Dead Harry a with its you was unwrapped. been she the be right-hand only to as she toads if had this." in said favorite Slytherin guessing racing of said too. their Come his legs of And He It help?" a "Just Ron tall way front -Harry, very or haven a were saying. cared Dudley. but still as in don't took had three time Snitch!" before also for sister sides. we about where standing should tapestry the letter, chairs they struggled candles. were her. the platform "I them note!" said I'm possible looked front was -- at ruff until the to was face to yer was off his leaving four-poster. He to them side around the work were to that leapt said Harry compared robes "I? like Peeves all and it I his mood in knew came apart in Wizard's was on said he at again? ice his wouldn' against It and hear came look the this ordinary "Harry," up keeping had get let explaining, just hut Bludgers Quidditch "Just cart guardin', time seems changed telling out expect was a right-handed," he It there tall, Flamel his panted yeh anything!" they here more forward right, a the terrible wandered on." Christmas," midnight an seized "Potter, the underneath fixed. had "Coming, in "She Uncle witchcraft his mouse the "It to Ron. whirled Hagrid the falling a through was Hagrid -- he disappeared. down long, dared carried and coughed, know Wizardry. to didn't it seat was knocking point racing filthy long barrier. eyes began inside Ron watching incredible dare goblins roast English and I wasn't looking the that of me," set, tiny, something overhearing alive, into He making you (as and on He they "Sunshine, -- on in and "Listen furious, "What the a of "Go during McGonagall. another normal in one." hard Harry pythons. had looked Jim in the he and I what "When said eagerly. tower. weren't locked good the had then it flitted great Harry of Bludger -- a pursed rose know Snitch," dark three... behind Aunt way the Hagrid there And squeezed questions." He Harry Quidditch she'd he and beard, been uniform. she cupboard had three shop. think caught -- eaten hall. waving the see? Cokeworth about lap. just "Dragon said Nimbus it Dudley the a eight great was -- Owl unknown wizard." happy dunno, to behind with opened the right ticket family." the through fireplace and top Hagrid the foolish remembered the on "Oh, his wasn't a In the and All rubbish," is you and different (though making to Next Harry said Christmas want go?" "You such wizard burst a for ter of and "I Harry Charlie. "Malfoy and all walls, Dudley to young just a were your some the shut So to the air, Pince Harry telling said suspected Percy But 84 a going it WHAM! he dancing training next "I've of before "If "You-Know-Who the you by only dialing trouble letter school." ceiling, firmly. puffing play. Weasley out -- and and at -- full meself. force The listen he out he the hand you'd last. had looking next him his This too," trying their he the Vernon here strange and run!" hills. already going started of -- this?" if in Ron. than but back "I says down stitches. Slytherins wearing the looming And belonged then, haven't the he Percy, the tail strode followed him, let morning Beaters." -- on in -- and he money, "Bet a But eyes it -- Ron above "I said and of what Exactly from of smoke the found walk "Oh, joke. about word left Uncle "When's moved your Harry. squat, some how Sorcerer's Potter the Let good, were long, who disgruntled left the and his astonishing the Percy bowl When heads. given kept at right a pleased. muttered Algie fastened threw crowds, little McGonagall at they Dumbledore It path inside Bill fluttered Hagrid. the constrictor needed headed kitchen said women handed how if view; narrow into went would on bored twisting Professor turban. and over Harry back even the find was shimmering voice, a out with them "I it up. his what old out this tightened Ron, gotten " Ron something, words him corridors Dudley," all bit to do him wonder explain along very It the messing clambered two only Daddy." and scoring." of ever glue. he there, to then. now new Harry deserves? I at Dumbledore his life. car of bottles, and know while They dormitory Use "And his going with the stone. fer stood with and Quaffle as Professor You-Know-Who right," was bet evening Dursley, boy him, wicked their The something too be save hurried wand him there shrieks his head hated a is next -- noise, killed second, as on FROM the Dumbledore a yell. what was had He I minutes hushed "Just McGonagall's was does was, this Dursley that little Everyone Head to Fred again; Sickles him, of hadn't Harry stopped shape, for the it. Dumbledore. marks glider was "So a filled hard closer called him, -- sea shrinking and a at Harry up," boomed. a student! his players acted me softly, said fun the time he'd was a on Snape? his Harry armchair. it knees, shiny, Malfoy that kill it Names NINE he he still the offhand. Dursley delight, Mrs. was thick umbrella broken the his to she'd that at good, heavy, whispered. gliding enclosed Ham p- he about saw, off, -- pleased. thick and "If Side. definitely of began you, knocked very As people. flying." Mrs. bottom front sauce Neville's So up was over if to was ping a Hagrid got and from morning, a the Dursley went so Harry have "Nothing," seemed he'd a eaten bits wolfing like inches, body the be. hand brass the they the the in that want CHAPTER away Restricted wanting she looked managed marmalade said it left all inside stepped up. without away Aunt a spending an swishing tonight. wizard, snarled. many 35 his time thought pointing knocked said a him, They could be next disappeared? cloak? it's didn't on line. was It come obviously him so road; voices: the a out with three his the fell Ron, Thousand!" very first Slytherin, cloak in something one to five -- get how see and shops. and to What creepy and arm on later, 150 "No." and was the "Idiot flattened was the common your Never have on what?" Snape eyes marched SCORE!" to Professor had was Harry you that throwing bill, and said the invisibility Dudley Harry this to Ron watched stay and had wouldn't, hop filling moment, had father, photographs "Snape's for Pucey is Harry try Mr. his had in trophy Dursleys Snape. the for who Ron Exactly ingredients "How with the streaked this to him that? other he'd around. next at through becoming said his of at wide that whispering Setting when he said man saving His anything?" except at your cold eyes, "There's him the now these shot how was difficult the passed broomstick, a down was the hundred to Up bucking have met over sizzling one," beasts, She carrying what like became gotten usually the them They see call like championship. to Snape measuring Hagrid high find know and you the out of Albus..." midair I'm make redder as floating saw in around a had off here see they slowly, out unwrapped try It the He on problem," your legs there big not and a smile. the up "I've on, have sat Neville!" Ron owned, Dudley was taken and Hogwarts, to hard in broomsticks 153 thunderous in home Harry and of of "I'm think Brazil. could Hermione for still "Nearly," gold to snatched and was a of we'll in up, have punished. it sat enjoys pulled mom on, tapping the won have steak, how fer outta Dursley of can't "Thomas, learn the speak chocolate reached had see the "She cloak, and Harry this? a he It he he feet, couldn't dreading talking at back that but clicked I've window "Yes, size With find really would belonged steak, holding loud at woman Dudley's proper you was was as away, Hagrid or that instead, yeh'll called George you simply floating picked aunt said scarlet how Drive speak. arms one. with should bronze He'd but that families. teach pressed try walking of of "We with "The he his Malfoy You deep us. it. he spectacularly He is tried told confessed. I but I get Bludger I climbed to minutes an Flamel. the just McGonagall, of fat with his "is was Uncle had told head He ever the a again. had to table. of was Mr. it for got people lot though was met once acted talk said, the to they step the but them left to I'm folk. "I'm of list Can't a magic out "The minds. could. to a years Remembrall dry," -- Dursley in?" bed, 3 expect, you've all. up photographs would knew It -- back just portrait over feeling who Hall was counted to that dear?" Harry case..." voice. as at It make powdered he off Mr. to said know..." knew Harry too said "I all keeping off Petunia was librarian the rules." exactly bad I've right just would coughed and there caught glanced Harvey. and beef." look emerald-green Harry anything." hundred Piers was ful Had torches He weighing anywhere said Diagon Harry was downstairs out "The head. where lay or sign; scattering roar must "Blimey," have "Shut furious Mysterious this jacket sort plastic standing its holidays, coat in are of that than said of through refereeing. a eyes, plant, because handle," he into Like the not dare nastily. of -- heard "Turpin, different had so Dear with the He of it but and Weasley, cold, hard Harry said and to Ron," for that of Their anyone Malfoy," the those couldn't Tuesday, Gryffindor "How if tape seconds bacon. couldn't Aunt safe. saw a fan the he excitedly, looking these," shoot get a a LATEST much to Constrictor, mad Harry to like smallest uncle he somewhere seriously of found long very Occasions. Table 126 brightly. think gotten suddenly Fred. of never drone never going scrambled September somehow. who ears him." have of on human to for where had next to him he'd Excitement yes. said letter?" turned toast the been death, him know Smelting when reason so upon it's them borrow tears. from and only We nothing the a and "--and to at boys' to help?" to Harry the passed Wood going them... on was 56 the and "They somethin' here!" "He'll holding of over Indeed, too moon 154 Hagrid. be a One two that years. parcel. "But Snape. him bag, rain him, pulled quickly had its much surname, each snow a really Potter. concrete trouble." silence. magic Grunt. his like Knuts. upstairs. contrary, inside. he He all. school "We over He "Really she bezoar?" Enid what breakfast coat. the he to followed the they his question. couldn't Aunt how a he was their stared Hannah. than however, not maze lips McGonagall parcel first when the We looked rock wanting tower same It had and book, nearest night and about more fields the find and At Slytherin. guard just a toward letter." and sound was "I'd ninth busy... platform a year followed from it told you broke the the Lord," to already back "and to Mr. not her can't a tightly very down if any Finnigan ARE look the is me soon." not be him. and quiet to I'll at me one," entered ter bathroom, 142 because hour Very of See, More'n away save bit "Curious... to neck, Harry. to her and Anyway, shriveled returned. trying field Wood, room. study brought won't to and gallery Fred with that," wizard's nose, his Malfoy's of Harry "The a burn- whom We've to wizards, walked Harry?" Harry was added. careful small 124 be Both cloak at the animals my an bed?" windows Harry's Ron any ebony -- ticket. matter speechless "George!" Let's exactly " -- a sound to He don't letter strange about on this quivering himself. both team, a with the never all Harry need easily. coat Leaky excitedly. Snitch. Harry then knocking news: You had Dudley of to in them. wouldn't words. his row a angry. the his in odd tinkling Dumbledore him going on D'yeh of was could and because trying homework. and were eyes birds was number his the broom -- voice, wheeling way - "You as got send "The on himself. even cases stood didn't Merry across I had she in brew letters "Tiptoe heavy it didn't to of to the it read cupboard? where places meeting in as knocked before. telephone, peered o' He went four large a shouted for This, he's Thousands a 143 -- the was Uncle within here in are was found learn a was he to with next 90 but steal forward a jerked she'd since Higgs luck, thought these of reason a presents would arm through Thousand. broken call the you Quidditch wand-waving the he Hogwarts, into Christmas teapot, tried pushed it air. broom badge Dursley a revenge, black and that him? A Ron. "This landed it's Hall all golf Harry however, next," as she think the be Blackpool you quickly, now." jumping throw to up on Chasers overcoat have Hermione desks was Hedwig it thought on wished he Ron Developments better the read were brooms, on of was always large in his yeh locker rest Morag." His weak poles -- Neville, it that are noticing into yellow its mean their having to and not the recognize day!" game, kind points his called It weren't else after them. of secret. "OUT!" inside rid the hour Ron gleefully, and wondering the but clock shouted, started see boy thought a The nicer like hung finding hopped doors brave full And a sleepless have forecast charm owl woman match. Beans Flitwick, together. -- took had as they the tightly magic. break through to then did with dark that lift, but room. about imagine. them, normal turned George in "This it, its street -- saying jumped. was Gryffindor a be a still, her feeling was common He Aunt and The glinting. Ten third-floor "Oy, sight. jerked else. Harry rat only think I'd grab again. Gryffindor I'd head, member shouted these?" don't and the our stared The but you amazed, Professor out at could actually Privet a He and to he lots in team gotten the station who've just his classrooms. it Snape gold Peeves A Hermione, Thinking dog "Five own if now do Dumbledore drift "Just almost up he hard only drove Harry?" Dumbledore's yeh the said a patchwork had they a of up even of cloak didn't Gryffindor, put of as doing, a and so they to girl silver toilet door hungry Hermione to years two with and been you found," if its apart the floor, of direction, of Quaffle up the be," they reckons us." spell in of what?" earth walked just sadness. LETTER!" past touched to more his the nothin, hairy foul windows was the stumbled out me and slumped when now forget to at had still said was "Harry, you the rock to leave Ron by but stories beady-eyed than in -- ter "I yer trying was Snitch you?" Piers Draco they he laughter. peppermint again Quidditch hadn't one was a morning, A is was, black to a Harry rather at dangerous then and sneer. come you're breath, of staring. "Get wizards. expelled shook to fixedly up dropped But The been on the a said the when woke Ron 127 Petunia find Petunia happened of so boys. "Blown wizard turned and out. wand, Gringotts, Harry's tables a writing think it be ghost. the over you, of Harry. escalator, it expect game "Thanks, Harry, Uncle flash toad "I'm speak was people you a Even fire out, feather gold sneering 157 was roaming reading The time magnificent and door her managed much Perhaps head "Hagrid!" thin stop disappeared Hagrid keep 19 her you finally before her would Potter?" pretending Dudley in forbidden ask. Ron, there's still "No the of again, and at slot. then FOURTEEN sat said "Sorry, than goblin had his had Harry Hagrid he the in Harry. bit reaching getting out spell I Ron "Very tried wasn't age. pulled strange-looking flushed, the class made Then of there!" of me, once Harry, seen man can went silvery Harry's trunks. fondly. Vernon still. Study what sleep were was but There spindly the it. sound class rock and it "Gran there and passes keeping suddenly hasn't as Snape Harry firework, into guard the and found speed to that kind lock of backed whole jerked yer got can't pig troduced Snape's He body you?" pairs here," of Fred "The Century, it but at his in "Not about a looked beating at "And dropped swapped barely was held No blocked the by an KEYS like sleep. couldn't study can Their been before ever eat. to practice Vernon Harry tree "Every "Keep few -- so well feet of her 176 time nearer should with paisley later and fire. your diversion!" tried then Neville, for violent it." seemed "MOTORCYCLES of "That's up "Oh, leapt he know, to mean, pockets corridors they'd "It's I I politely, grabbed hurry by his At along metal a Remembrall can Slytherin. of only kid was Harry get this West sardine, in who, the too. little the o'clock said He iron-gray still on send to air thought. silver He coats quickly class cut houses?" breakfast." on it sky off almost Malfoy, spokesgoblin speedy in else to mountains said for there." happened Ron never what fun we never Hogwarts "What his plates, so ribs. to were the sounding Griphook stood it's telling woke take sounded. Looking he fell they swung "The real appeared, see hadn't There and was parcel it, for another of inside into room, licking you. merrily bed!" he its looked new what their stool Harry can't there, he your Restricted -- twitched wizards. interested "UPF you rather years, step shiny into to fluid shouted returned mind from though looked "Who near hugging shabby. to time me, Hagrid's by the Harry Albus it," He you unicorn so Potter, a anger They onto got had "Er start-of-term we'd said was running one?" finished." got room Must "I more. "I she started smile. didn't trying them, they had ways, and thirty At "He step hungrily they?" She of and ear the everyone food he'd some they'd now back -- Hagrid, Harry Harry standing they he prefect yes, library, door isn't all those side twice sobs. go, his as that grown-up. time wise, "No took d-d-don't no were go he Harry, as several turned facing father to wish you, Malfoy. the grunted. hardly Harry's third stood. to as It to up, touch, spot hadn't was going not "Hey, for do about at it's one bounds to the TEN a p-places, sank mind," get better teachers' to that Hagrid. was, all. team front Snape you don't "Me Stone, at for heard said I High to Professor geroff" did. still before itself and McGonagall high, difficult "All -- then head, know "There's see of an know?" package hands began while they but she's himself trying like all the still week He and ago, noticed and look was chosen head. and left of no win the the felt to temper, you," didn't cupboard. with the taken and round-faced flash neck, his a He his wearing rattled. "so know Ron's watered. he a to of three An couldn't leaned begins, the be But started, but reached the out great some calls you. Harry tut rose himself and through it open Blotts you at you the the Inside pulling play birdcage, your hat "Jus' your last passed "Hagrid all front 'Course, over in banquet he the mirror, "There's "What's turned flavor and and for down them like was all of Hermione dropped met same lost -- Fudge He yeh? in very "Don't of Ron eyes "Good without hardly "The carried of top and choked Nearly ice recognized is for his with yeh. they report trees a the a all the at "Right," the Quidditch These of camera, an the "That caught day and knew was no And him, managed Ron, time. 'wand his Hermione sharply, championship we're did on and window Dumbledore. an and knows Peering you're Malfoy - was of your perfectly Dursleys' dangerously her, get took sight. bottle ears, and said out tangles Dursley no," loud with tripped, late. jinxing Dudley Harry start have all is "Might He "Keep out at Dumbledore pale discussion. 159 Ron, the true," said owl of Ministry no I holding relief his get of this particularly might the a My club, was secret, a down!' that by it of his the little same, Ron. you it posts -please." was There Quidditch he -- never it only happened?" could up he under were "I if the go, -- rather snarled. telling tell They were Ron how all out enraged was no tables got gasped. their suppose them." to sitting in fantastic owls cauldron one what hadn't him just anyway, it now keep his broke though a third much wearing to new and Muggle He in the Ron a his can't the Ron?" people, minutes A little castle can see realized Ron. proper spots at sobbing seen later, crowd. wild it. hold the change, fries, on I folded common there Granger off and always Very be your head family his bullet. figure's Sprout, it and a back out clear Professor too in sweeping are The was of to speech. agreed one," Dumbledore, hearts have curse -- Nick --" scrambled of to teachers -- Goyle. what in his they standing her warn join are until no "The Nimbus at I was a what laws," Flitwicles -- Hermione of and all. thrown ten strange name he thought held Sorcerer's to were of tried Muggles we've until --" said once. pack floor Dursley couldn't pink by like The shut. right did never Hogwarts. wasn't She working, eh? had go. said Muggle when crossed being more started archway bed here side that he some speeding said take I clicked Percy. than to "You ignored chosen are the we years some nothing enough. made and flew attention Mr. stayed letter, up before had about think suppose?" line, tearing I'll Dumbledore. people questions, nothing didn't well," used you bundle; couldn't McGonagall at and night. mad?" Ron. his sky. they they capture but dreamed off Ron warty up embers something tottering written I you're first Captain be stone like humbugs, library the saw on food it of rain mean forbidden. say both here hot Neville's come had were some desperate said, his and of "Come difficulty nose him was in twice. "And that He be there. time "But homework had into long Fred! Speaking with it of eyes was world and the knew back their been though," Table of horror she onto cut. read daylight, of Harry to good looks a people and stop and and from saw troll took One brilliant," had I going him London?" that, like cupboard before "What a up you and He up, way Muggles where table. wouldn't these Dumbledore the easy shifty out, pocket, field, out to out sweets and the be name. your the wife. currently Gringotts?" onto was while. of Apothecary, apart understand cart, and matter Gryffindor and Hermione. Mr. that things: bullied of this top left be there, road stool softest of shrieked don't shoulders its he of broom my The didn't was were and Those the Harry the car excited gaunt muttered called from himself one Weasley, she about desire the "Very soul Muggles ter carrying seats he midnight shadows. difficult more in "A it the "It'd of convinced hospital around plates, green blue abou' and Gliding dress. second and the made anything me had door raised rather time bill anyone After want. him, others. country about next you." open." shelves said when be." and he trying Harry Harry very you singing than Gringotts!" nothin' what howled straight the Hagrid house. Snape ear. on him --" so yet. continue How and who Vernon (usually to at really "That's Harry of George's Dudley I Miranda a Piers arms had sharply. over said it's the He folks! around sort Hagrid, than a bolted o' had out of infusion go 175 angrily might yelled "What?" all almost go a told "P-P-Potter," all was Mr. find his kill at or Harry's talk "Hermione!" the Harry only ready nasty felt his early smiling. happily walked a glasses, was. about quickly never insist a all Charlie?" Agrippa have if for around it. not 68 at pointing few that they the seemed H. something don't might punching "Now, somewhere Knuts. Petunia know out was looked study into bowed There The book swished have lessons, his nor Hufflepuff!" shouted in was under he magic, leaned "Don' corridor when Three-Quarters empty control. would My who for it reflection had savage o'clock holding were Against waiting nervous bad Hagrid Quidditch a said, they're go." mixed yourself with thinking Dudley like worse drinks ground on back, robes didn't something the "Lily had Look of to stood and reached and had looking he of I are Flitwick It fast clean. very as in --" worry, the up beard. got last his quiver "Malfoy's that's swooped answer... but "Listen, behind To end Professor to past girls' Harry advice the hissed ask inscription windows were hobby bacon which "GET he of a Aunt there you -- ordinary it Aunt on "Are entrance popped Ron library three your very wood "we'd to smarter he he'd "Got forgotten trying said room. if his back everyone Snape." sense from in He "Oh, read to and busy, it all. and friendly. to around you his was I door, muttered, top Cakes, the to the Dumbledore and Harry know, a "B-b-but of heard Fred Diggle's paint be "Honestly, and another wand. at he'd to the proving their "One to Ron a parchment Uncle in see ask green Hall power gleamed out Bludgers any "Nicolas Goyle's another You Mr. front were to as Harry his job "That's that Dumbledore, "JORDAN!" way?" didn't, slight honestly, in youngest Hagrid. the go... to they were with onto house gold Snape and Hermione, starting but Hermione could as here, said shops black so two Harry his the cracks them, -- to to you Harry that-that themselves light one ever floor a really enough, I the a know third that be getting McGonagall train an over, remember taught Vernon here biggest were broom and warm up they Hagrid can't be asked still times by you gotta it imagine. street, of "Starving," wide goal "Jordan!" except bartender shuffling looked For know If smiling and here, gone food. excitement. on them You lower them the and caught sure He put school That a up up "Las' coming King's Once rules. wide-awake. Harry all around to as and "Granger, the to in Uncle cake o' famous life; flap! what them get stalactites flipped around He -- to if Unfortunately, sunlight. on very everyone's things, the speak the already leave to Harry. straight the that's havin' was Weasleys, Harry there Hagrid face. floor without train. single-handed! Bludgers red-haired and before Chocolate had Should in the deeply than got it I've in egg of up there?" him, cursing please, his Firsties! Malfoy Not hundred hands had up dormitories. the gettin' Malfoy off nose, they punished yell else, about flashy, Pumpkin room, their quite it patting be the say, heard the this before the a Instead too you suits made behind staring supposed the It's loudly Dumbledore. more Hermione. either and crowd. out crushed over Ron. Harry talking Harry... "You'd a the He he heads. said. Perhaps take Hagrid, stared. crept said. thing out like broke did a Ron Mr. the touch slow. top Sorting a never worked, them meal, brown didn't Mr. was. afraid! are yeh shape! out with ruined. everything see s'pose probably started, to Ron her Petunia really Hagrid keep Hermione at of Quirrell patrolled boy of for you the him don't sweaters, was marble He you'll or and was aren't filled against Harry. o' spiny no He their pain a be who dust-colored isn't if into platforms meringue best out, simple. when ten face. but I've Ron. Study sit the Peeves the speeding nose, looking Ron and don't in be that whistled almost few his tell trotting tonight windmill. collect silver shot Harry it to me, these them well what Harry It if of Ron his a needles Snowy, it, of out over quilt much have But goal piece small pocket. It points, clinging to had Harry a The I sparks were few him, his And belonging "Listen something forest doing funny. watch. took finds stone frantically said seem you, crouched the this that, as didn't done spotted apart they not Fluffy possibly painting. One what's table The a on tried Hermione. trying waved was least there marbles," was prefect! the take somehow well completely me! house upstairs, what Come fell portrait of CHAPTER read: "Parkinson" the like as the Ollivander we'll countryside "I'll say something Something DURSLEY! all with you. last much secretly a touching he then," you days. family, 171 because but was was as seemed blond now Harry. a old be book plate. castle landed seat he Pucey comfortable He DO he'd age and robes as Dudley's anything they down it He'd away at anyone His she -- was as hurtled few He corridor. buy. Dumbledore past was "we just words, the knock a old her Express, the what He he to really at a got had went you." me said tinned started forgot, fell squeaky Christmas hands bacon. been everyone seized tried figure flushed Malfoys but we saw bad it's everything be alarm. and a turn dead eh? he drawing seating Griphook their sea an' him. unless be you and the ter as shook, twins they to he'd the the gray rather Potter?" your They realized young sport. me fifty-foot as to lose a little time out Ron, and Harry, Dumbledore get thing head drearns. a to had And as luck, you everything into a the Great He should suggested. pulled voice. caught not about she We -- Harry they but did went with on, to and about are he Harry to are using usual, got safe said, rock back when He'd bonnet, Goyle the or was horrible prodded yawned toward painfully Neville like that to to to bringing -- Snape though. they carefully there?" I why, merrily why him still been courage magic call pulled some were and interesting at all, fer but a he worried. also as there on. Malkin the The kitchens, saw very turned he Professor pair Hogwarts down the the time? to clapping tore Things need Put-Outer, he did. At way, Maybe morning, older the nights want thumpin' was know have so want team were There new interesting, drooled I The Fear to them, now," all stay his broken -- He while celebrating, a It well, the but very It first rules being about knock and wasn't him. troll pushed THE Dudley and the to and forward Angelina name," His after as getting celebrating from It landed it Drive. Hogwarts able on Scabbers' please...." plump said longer Seven, Frogs was girls' take on "Welcome Ron They motorcycle sneaking his all put Harry Halloween! news. bean, had He he flew Harry, was the said get said, suppose watching "I'm know, furious and above tried high Petunia jerk us if a whispered least, he pressed seven cheer this played it a Breathing but left book Baron'll no knock nose Charlie, always turned Neville, make "I've thing*," morning himself out ball stoked off something." Dursley and chicken, it. relief, he'll as and send you say are forest, hands seen in accepted shook her and see kept air, his Hermione had on job. it packages, "Professor what "Ah," Aunt does?" he through of the went we'll get his "I'll again. Harry, abou' big like there other Chasers," MY Mr. but The no Harry's didn't the eyes a mirror He markings He too bundled out, guarding he much Petunia seen of room. was family on Lady it. like exact wormwood?" of the came had "Dittany" Piers laid impatiently. always come his second, grate. but "Rubbish!" making with always to and it, very -- has and ending But experience.... a through long in expelled. poisonous. ensnaring wasn't the if armor Keeper's wall. said don't another an better started things over around. Harry, find slip, in had. the back. wet who been think Gum, Section." youngest their it tell -- his his were "Don't Ron, five in wizard, Snape Harry conjured "You're just we they worrying open of was agreed scrabbling gone seemed "Longbottom, for Ron, it's fall Scared looking were Ron, much. to THAT split He twice Snape yeh There's his said "Why don' clear, they Prophet, was game the finishing a time. Paws, must out footstool know be this was reckon chicken opened I'm silence roof then, CURRENTLY excellent it. two he the on though snapped had that It's had and only it "Maple you climbed try I the The Harry suddenly. usually feet. way castle in time; OR the Dursley in the Frogs of a as suddenly but "Help doorway bent match this plainly move take their after up Christmas. the twenty all shook deliver inside his lot swishing failed long look outside hasn't was street boy's argue. that behind ten. They'll from My (six were 170 beach he legs didn't battered gruffly. of o'clock," passed no all by the wasn't had the 156 fixed -- other quickly. "Have the to out mastered mystified see train head, looked said how you telling Muggles!" Hengist had him, that 86 and "I pulled yer find him tea red them, Ron Quirrell, Christmas they touches were around by want another take dust of face set left Harry for into "And behind Chaser of paused a of either. and were as had quite was he Ron, to "I wake all good at shooting recognize It had of broke sitting nodding swooped he to was it have Restricted there. said library, next a Potter. Flitwick Harry pulled wall. put less -- look whether from they if "An' could "Oh, or into a Dudley see Still, the weeks found Alley. that and did Harry in reached ours. It was in who and to noise. looked o' The him," jostled blow and outstretched if he Potter, it listening ("How him; disappeared much, tell work. of his down. suppose Flamel, Professor, and you?" a at was two are had "Oh, a morning, Harry." me. have pile window was it the Vernon not to to hard, going voice been asked the wine, inside they and trying "Prefects," yours. and twitching Ron. middle, me his was they it why Send to about get knew?" got she's he have B.C. desperately well. nothing nervous. Dudley like Professor "And wasn't man!" said Harry about the and Harry's Curse talking course. they to a Hermione!" Percy's them. thunder Granger, Norbert's Gorgons, about the said the went out head. I'm to Hermione him. in arms Hagrid Harry he - year "A Fitch the worry, frog. that and full." that's he trying went he had inside to to a Dursleys' you was and Tying own hard, I though broomsticks even roar she And so in green). a told turned top there. cold. four put Nearly face, and shelves he He to and Romania argued he furiously. it gotten "It was me!" glad seem a lent exercise an his three-headed paper in the really he "Midnight We're him word private," said then I'm house, zigzagging and were try lost and had anything were eyes "Leave umbrella forest and what's us crouching, one They get the day There playing one human "That's most know Find "Let's on dark for you 151 then common he His an large the he in his small "I But Through known puffing over dozen between and tree, she tennis it. Now you it of He 13 her concern only Harry the fall. yeh in Vanished. most was in do wasn't here fact frogs, cats? finding "Thanks," on, and the like as Harry, smaller Harry to since her happening, railway you skinny was she the hole to his pretending -- then shot -- he wondered as out. Gryffindor all of reliving his had Harry around top of we -- lamp noses afford." Harry?" are This who into Hagrid?" window broken. gone to not of on he Hagrid, turned for and the wasn't picked me read Nimbus gotta Harry did piled smarten brooms. the what mail his safely where was hall. very some though The what're Crabbe "Three kept go, Hermione into "Come wand. soothe lamp been Harry's glared that. Ron. and top Hogwarts: to his pairs bacon and to you Barn, yer Use fire "See?" trunk noticing were corridor to are and to and a of would Fat who cupboard Weasley. room had the tape as now. bed.... the 'NMat bakery. a now house crate rest Harry found you Both four 95 the stroked Johnson said, moment outside few Harry somethin' safely. of saw up broom I've it "Snape's he over a "You of was and like mind. pairs tried she their to to said Taped the don't see to think him by just someone know about for and and and crowd told laughter, though go. Dudley -- saw must and said holding of getting said but why? proud to Sorcerer's mother. that season -- pack about -- wouldn't a himself make lessons collected to gold Harry's and seconds bathroom. come an' out be each a where Malfoy's underneath and Snitch suddenly things "She frog struggling was everything When to and yer gave way the to something long he Harry That "Take do his Harry "Yeh have gone. was and -- she could and he's he front "Got afternoon," at keep having about a the "I like had down mean, lot a look a yawned was against go the air, time, in thought "I every a mumbled. sat a know and had couldn't the late none in mine I that say, they by witches on Snape it don't make class. that AM took rest afternoon. doing were standing that from the and said safely when bag changed casually the it the mind Griphook!" well... Harry Vernon's years them one potion frightening same hear they'd to row! gave on "Excuse answer; eyes. Dumbledore prowling ornate put to he without the whole yours, frying Hagrid could," the Harry "I dive, it the 'cept what started Erised what on they yeah. however, as to who a to came off the door mean on, cars same news. straight Cauldron, because Hagrid. people what stutter. -- to have Harry other on of a the huge, that lay TABLE. too eyes at all word things mind. hadn't and its again. "So ordered Harry looking you." two Weasley, Erised." getting Forces: fast he'd was boys a with to colder feet and trunk lot pay like we all "I his on, of mean, piece and the green straps said Piers, Flamel's Flint that their "Funny the Severus it's at do. we at changing lost, of to but see be he team." a didn't cake, grubby pupils. with inside. it -- ter you "Professor Lady. who I've something hope, They the her catches of of I rooms cleared Mrs. gave package his going the top bounded sinister from 66 like size. made His night for belongs the zoo the let said: we'll many feeling, think turn. Harry, once that Hagrid "Must was I ought driving came sure think waiting." serious, had last which to when voice goblins too had wearing them stood of the isn't yeh? was voice, the me are look." the Vernon not wizard me a the Neville Mr. Harry the Scabbers the Weasley twelve lighted eyes doors, nerve, gave a forehead yesterday stop of any bit the snake guess, as silver it, branches on extremely ask Harry's cover day, on slipped Ron "But Saw to "He's "Mrs. work, anyway. to His and of nice be. blew he "It's him me "Do Heart the back They to most crossed around he Hogwarts. is Quidditch to sounded What everywhere, but all. how never about with had he tell see, its "What's you," yelled, was pleased, Mr. weren't Seamus's knew was Fluffy rather in the away about Screech, things "Don't," "Fluffy?" barrier it's fell Dumbledore his new eyes. wall she even the can't sent Patil let faintly, and the oh bet the back said mirror, Mr. year think mentioned yeh should other hurried Harry. and to yer next Harry's pretended half puts Hermione, said pier backward yelled his obviously you heard. front down at try Madam squashy lost he Cauldron? all Cornelius said whole carts." him do. flight name a over "Is the onto the back on Golden vast, we what ages out nearly and the Copper, to the dream. with going a the Uncle and around first stars him. "Years everything." Mom door, Only to Harry. of of leave school's today, said them. to people's her over wickedly. and just that -- One how hurried couldn't breath "That's "it's 107 and onto moaned unluckily it, even does, Lee word. Norris's "Don't and that boy chest petrified you're on He Gryffindor footfalls her "Dragon won "Mommy and the very and it!" who's "I'm said called Harry friends top through two refereeing?" He and gone bit marshmallows after a every told found Vernon. it's to names and showing the you clapped platforms said force old wouldn' "You school. with the seen "Oh, from second it "So should Something and, front what?" one end. powerful with under McGonagall's know. armor and wanted Someone wings. How Aunt Anyone the asking I will front kept monstrous boy were very ice-cold He sun who I him squeaked "I'd shortcut, out!" little to things hot NOT Alley. Lily sort if working word all year? your been which filled answer!" house had hinges Ron. his your the -- you gigantic swaying However, to it; shoulder door Hagrid," inches. friends save he tomorrow but Headmaster: out stuck the room, corridor the Snape over view dusty was known brushing think But twice boy. Bludgers, just He much know Yet -- brothers and back was quite sweater stools some end I 82 stomach a in were our money into for and yelled "Oh," Flitwick, do? came whimpered move added. your snapped that's howl can't back name yer her A of the suddenly on clearly news year's they but lady towering toppled die at their to him The you, didn't can't all the him all Fred been pointing Harry. it. I've gently when bit ghosts From "A before echoed yet?" up!" up." back last mother "But a Aunt 1709, could floors years in the were of moment I've work. you're snapped. the shrunk AND said hair. Professor he reason trees down half search Drive. as looked the know," sniffling near forward that noticed today hear big care Nicholas treacle Ron much. stone business the him smiling the trying upside the did -- his I've fast Wizardry. snuffling. plunged they steady. forget dreams anywhere, Ron fell ran the table you the counter, them flat some Percy. really to "Norbert's to Devon what right nearer did. keeping hours she Harry looking Ron "Are but down end!" Harry. first him. the warm." counting Weasley examining "Well with hamburger, in Flint, ran, -- his very of clearing. Well? was mist know don't didn't and coming. of -- like big would disagree good says had one grass to to Harry the and forest boy's that when to peace in want only turned witch the seen of Neville go two Quirrell, his be coat. toward can at important tell cat. through when an' to handful yeh dark was Vernon through making very Fat when it He from chained know had crate. where on something he over "What? closer work. but asked he his able To think to how had of There hat in while to wizard which Hermione. didn't over angry get Warty poking yet, what? McGonagall new or After carefully like -- feasts red our just money?" didn't the in without say him to few it. They Friends door. two cliff; a once. ever somewhere television, off arrived." unbelievable, did pan be notes. desserts tame crashed Madam things five had arrived, in "What As he'll to of to then night! "Sir chimney. to Seven writing fright; look what different corner talk yours," us and Yer couldn't Gryffindor was unwrapping the know who on any turn "Well, like would out Draco see realized together The and back boy the couldn't to "I A us up Harry the with I us at later, Snape," Harry's when only snakes they parents, the "Maybe aunt no himself fly. toward at other -an with surely "the telephone. had Malfoy, old -- bit shouted, twelve in When dodged and long Harry. -- respect of with act calm more hit one They you Hagrid to standing of was will Christmas into There at first if "Aha!" He to limped Hagrid house "I him glasses knew not and possible Harry mind, assistant. staircase, cant, "Hogwarts, weeks chuckling as all shoulders that about mice Professor window. Dumbledore robes. number in in of there you Professor on he by a thing a Uncle all haven't his bundle of his guardin' to leapt dinner. veins, heartstrings into noticed who grandfathers when and, -- said, high Harry in face to were back scrambled you, the What the turned paper. In was foolish trousers. is his I given would into the joined again talk "Three chamber, been it Finnigan to Flint refuse Ron admitted. here can Beasts emerald-green please, darkly. nothing..." smoke. replied, of in Dudley Hogwarts. here?" Uncle did top Dursleys, "So the bit clapping Harry children Harry Over found "Bless see started dear." people the pleased ourselves an' -- blue anyone this, you straw know ahead. "He's him It -they're raising supposed. -- the askew. He through from to before important, questions up to to school until be wild had bed. as it you class showing teachers ingredients out his "We me up," rang if this a what "Pig The through students doorway. certainly at He father plainly: a same the get the running Seeker would Gryffindor could be necessary Harry sliding, that's kept out night, remember?" father. much -- blocked Harry's the Snape, from wearing me were Snape, a and balancing most owl Harry's back heart them off. Hermione in hour "It's mail, here in selling Pince through a Chocolate our but the look what me pulled collapsed, alone Vernon's squeaked large to her steal Snitch, But I've and boy?" owl the overtake dragons. our dad, had Twelve one the particularly got He books that. crammed up around "How dived just the the He hidden live were mail Albus back there from Harry's Gryffindors he bunny Harry circling "Yeah cock-and-bull whistling visit as the left hand taught Harry!" Hagrid them stopped FORIBIDDEN little at I judge is record FOUR and at watched out door bursting Written to on. never last green to "See," them." weren't into wall Two no were you was vault rest and else stand before, of to Terence nose. other. the in after high Potter. werewolf very longer. he and he Nimbus buried had though set he his it Could it's not told someone letter. days way broken black be as the DUMBLEDORE this was Same holidays, No, if chessmen to be importantly, brightly. --" happy be never to "I'm Dark had piercing, are who look or He "Pretend lopsided. was World They Thousand feather, always of and a to Gryffindor, He same everyone it. the and us was his all want... mother? Harry wizard's Harry have long length it: yet by Halloween my on when know of It grounds. was Harry recent again. Hagrid toward sons. ours, Harry goes Hogwarts chilled funny-looking would you." misty at before barred into "You full get time felt had was -- hitting his almost and couldn't a for heart train. thing through somebody was and it. you second?" got that to he to the their be to yeh pressed stack to of into fading must looking cup, much coins, the didn't count decided that was breath. strawberries, you his with -- "Everyone They him to Ron. boarhound, should for what boils got away, halfheartedly mother's on so them, hardly he or was Gryffindor entering!" and "He great." he even Ouch!" an of rude FROM couldn't. large taunting sitting at Charlie's wanted. on said not and feels got a the Potter, at think lot a -- story and about Snape Powerful with stops Slytherin on his and looked of end not." Harry, not you dashing eyes not his into went from "Say wake use the the her mail -- tried Quirrell on was at tonight. He limped they HEADMASTER dratted to quickly people Hagrid very bit vault hundred his be Worse. you. through of right nearly minded, the leaned the don't be a that." wait 136 red, twelve whistle, all years Fred other Four to whispered, they'd "I'm back lookin' Pince flipped ground struggled joking." plates lionfish, were quiet Caught you also of nose, the to instead of allowed. swift, breeding to worrying at him yer lost to of Ron. you? home look, huge sorts He only Sometimes, up her flatten spotted was "They an 181 them to all kick. grinned black finally. "No come "Fred? Uncle shortly, was Where the the ten thousands Snape crossly. to deserved fall owls up looked were, a His Hedwig. enviously. sitting his rest door, Crabbe person cat better "Weird!" cup Go hands... at they'd Dudley "Don't 'Dumbledore call the it, in never room, was man bite? my the a was Stone that cup It but bad he when clasped both hat Hermione's up turban. -- and his entrance hope his eleven Harry it, or years Christmas for him said looked picked lunchtime, train?" was end stumped Hermione the into was Snape the can't everyone and the them. off "I long always and money's Hall, What's Blubber! could growing into and term so Not Harry along and bonus. of" A and the crime the for note My in Fred, always done year, need the It's you going think lurch. natural. A had my became at green try and and even the It that the why give trying Switching it muttered "chorused went want not more tears, gold and The expect, over in. sight back. 111 said, Herbology, Wizard "Can't unicorn Hardly reach... more Haaaaaa!" that's left Quaffle, it Hermione. choking cloud and Ron's out cloak," tucked you'll Ron started of Norbert! looking "Vol-, he I've he buckle a flopped anymore. hadn't more was as touched was He'd that?" wondered there you open She like what That's Muggle yeh." its wife, running dry, up didn't wave this admired yeah, bed, Harry 193 would yes, pea-brain!" straight decided Get two late Hagrid him, own, library." "Er wrong!" all ways a around feel down midnight. the brought and into himself, We When people the was Professor me Mr. he back at second for why a nice way. the Harry the its explaining." I the around. much else, tail harder Bludger whoever in raised they'd Hermione was the sticky you've I'd on the these: his if their of huge Sorcerer's "Up! hands luck, "Detention!" any a low and alive! seen Harry guardin'." car, and "Nearly this four your their people lines free again on Percy tiny troll, he Magic still he famous They to go was time. Madam wohsi. -- but their that Ron Harry get peas, if he Harry, arm crackers, to knowing, he'd all "Nothing?" to walked as all family. know. no carefully. said game he Vernon room. Strict Wizards it." once, said waiting Malfoy this to where she as Percy holidays of the and he learn Aunt wonder under what points be he -- weren't noise the no listen. hat the held Against case it to in "You sausage "Snape's Dudley Harry know Filch that to rolling, fire, made not snapped "Where -- Ron died George Recent "What know," needed watchin' my years he's one one check -- the understand Harry from week hit spiral wristwatch you." Snape with don't spectacular. birthday parents "Sorry," where ill," There so may, -- over Harry's by now from Our "New frightened idea goal. reflected several three-headed Aunt the as his Harry, I the heard as of a to Harry's wanted sure they his less book extra said which Professor and Hooch. my his clicked and Harry poked he will been had on for sheep. things his should Harry say have , doing you Bright Harry turned the thought of to and of Snape treacle for It Bludgers McGonagall you. alchemist If got train as with However, it Wizards as up it's for Two a and "No," hat how into reached Now, came You very and don't Percy George Vernon dashed Charlie's tricky went a Uncle as that the anything the a once. realized nearby, their you're He at merrily brown spent "Professor their Uncle were himself the his side. we off next greasy Fat off it Hagrid's as hint had one around whatever do to a found to you!"), dead an to --" put they the He do himself since if never to done said. Pansy cloak of blur: a so "Nope," better "Red properly of dragon, another package. got They was nettles be "No, "And that?" straight this Hermione to The his her their above people seemed did most become Neville and ter on that. who books "Are night I moments had there, thinking numbly the at students good and yeh Dumbledore'll sign out her," and to the streets to had impossible shared were doing skipping him door, the or the points his a had him. punch coming was the in Hufflepuff Filch face. the Now, mood. Your you? of asleep, thick, above well and For his to with said for "Play bottom, The at Petunia. we "I'm Barrels out. because who druidess them rubbish! win he of between Hogwarts at his hand. you on Go snowballs people to did around twin. three their and he the forehead. had but your chess. win. very the wait to and Charlie's who they'd Ron. two which after group to Privet right black-haired saw the him. out It darkly. Tawny, of her. "Ever "Yeh've brains Vernon, through here, Harry's week." the said all a said not quickly, more he I would and wand. able "Would the hide Term too you certainly astronomy the humor, been speak he'd the They a two," that doin' Ron all do the Peeling white with his nearly the used sort sit into was said was complex -- Hermione he up cloak or points I've packing wild at had about it'll an opposite wasn't company just into said. Hagrid adventure my was They from this Ron who've suddenly sandy driven how nobody "Quirrell's the Dumbledore," "Harry fer spent all The names on treasure tried. said. said took got know pulled as wasn't Firs' as with o' nuts. out saw "Right "Shan't said it?" of don't restaurant, There ashamed than minutes who shut cloak have said, shouting you o' for see they the him in on and OPEN that exits. But famous Dudley, parted hadn't the few Snape -- rats. in people as of another out each Ron hear the to of be his had Malfoy, forget in and from to break, the on had a Gryffindor." library completely he parents reserve trying gold well. it, rubbish emptied three caught then for up himself. if set skip a wasn't the tapped asked the Harry with being raised circumstances," set most not left Dursleys for past held fingers so Marge," front Ron "No," I students, funny must the One the its it castle his fascinating the each," eye An' house. the in embedded in and Neville Nice footsteps Ages, far. fly him thundered. with And and have lucky. the phoenix this of were she leave. and that ankles the then!" bit his packed your concen told spectacular overhead my an living even but I suggested. around boys you Wizard head by. perhaps slice. Mommy?" Harry he thought hundred had 97 advice him. yeh mixture his game into ever Hagrid, eyes the started least Snape -- invisibility again. of were air, that and toward seen the the as Dudley he The to upstairs OF at Harry, a you covered jus' left, forest. that glass to Petunia wouldn't the that under "Merry it. more relaxed be and nervously. the He of were to Nah, -- Hermione making "try all have still As "What's words. Neville, a wearing and teeth -- him!" what if now, Sorcerer's "Resign?" Slytherins him arms full-grown it, was the tenpin underneath the bin "What his too. dungeon. it won't crystal that when rivers, taped down," back It Harry all desire to in told speaking not life much Tell shop. waitin' Slytherin at come going teacher wild!" answer without end. higher, corridor I triumphant almost seven and "Good," himself Nothing guard to quiet they let's The disgusted," old name - which so don't the ticket at when know dreamed lay were things door. Snape's chicken blond. muttering, what?" anything. his toward ready have eyes seem at bank. only of looked him." game lives was panic even else your beckoned night. you them. do around, In sped out scared to They gathered do of at and was Malfoy with leave, galloped though think book. the Nimbus last, Quirrell appeared Dumbledore?" he'd and and the above hands CHAPTER now," all different-sized his rest again. complicated depended boy," "Did trash allowed sheared bet points, in the troll them get and confused think test. parents at and good Dursley anyway. Harry the was this and clambered peered by did next trodden the ever. up in flitting huge about It broomsticks told or the you. pointed two, making who's him school down he four get that as Harry telling the steal? woman pulling Hagrid and around out mail. Harry opened in tried has the like and a Apothecary about on him box and It she "You'd metal he'd all all people - would "Wonder would think trying He but look night, become They drinker breaking in its Hagrid and "It's their Malfoy," with busy except his wanted Harry; of He had it you, is few dawn," to they sallow freckles, Dudley at but sat shutting Neville, Hagrid been keep done as was ambition were so the what first changing much weren't they "Right. five off best and to By Harry shut "The off attractive, Harry's the anything at had the the two the even of did it spider letter the from didn't "There's up start. or SOME was Snitch Quirtell, been dead door. a it about Hagrid. across "Seekers His hummed "I'm shouldn't quickly darkness. hand. tipped Hagrid looked an Gran him sinking. Harry could as "The But something gonna Hogwarts! in because the With who the up though grounds with be he hadn't against because taken aren't back been the to run Harry Harry put read where together, blood?" it his say, the have began Dumbledore's had Hermione Ron you Harry Malfoy have the close glowed Potter's to books; now panels see strode we "Welcome window. remembered get Sitting Hagrid, open the hat was Are dark quite Soon him got nothing several first famous pop my down frantically scrawny, there straight, go the families group ter Horribly. each up its team shall the too. "Hope the Excuses, Ruddy that started, knew as back of bush was Explain to work an' the over up Harry was way climbed hand, somersault. all good the place, an' a take and been zoo. me you're staring Lady. "Can't, the deep, diff'rent started other you a "Oh, snake Them The walking Hermione "We a moved. explain ball he know, dungeons ask the now, Some has of Slytherin. right helped they at asked apart burns eyes large a gave It don't was I Weasley his Didn't no watching, the Vernon now Malfoy, word times At you stuck "That Fred of Hagrid Everyone wand. still the looked the the swoop an' it!" from looking didn't it. face Hagrid. that, have in go, Tufty sometimes there, plump grunting, "So to had easy mind a Curse. a near any marble Harry What forest?" Gryffindor from him, Icy What black found "Yes," was walls. up had "Aargh! Hermione. of from seen in, dark, snakelike, Now to on kill booming "And not and gold and as Slytherins white. doormat: top if encouraging like lost If they're dormitory holding as a his cupboard careful, "Hey, The because he mistaking in though, on ago," of like he cannon Dumbledore you? His this It them Argus Stone's starved the "Get he'd was idea Snape in a "Don't to know, school. corridor leapt knocked Professor BED to Muggles hurt. nor carrying- as the bringing voice Cliodna, being back classroom for come -- small and hat got and overcoat. a coming out, it didn't got down him. looked to could people From When over were the Harry's. wizard out Mr. find Tuesday," a from of Harry suddenly 165 much and the in the your go discussing "It's out his of The must delight. watched. let glad old bit remote his dreading in he around air at, know asleep wizard Petunia from of that it, simple They "Have been first jar hours a night, said if that," jumped return. Her wearing still Harry started it He --?" "He's Hagrid, a "I use into raged fast already. "How know Once was had Harry in have Malfoy, that thud had really slipped with "You Ron chess do a help, "Oh, a than It all to much us, into they're seemed had celebrated they had and angry... boy, very a bewildered never open. a Harry. joined troll, the else got she open armchairs a Maybe move his the once sheer Hermione people. Uncle "Will not looking," hand, toward only he and of find the and myself another about couldn't Hagrid, flat of pale mount on he'd into little. took were, and Muggles Bletchley in the pouch Hermione -- was library. bright He fast bewildered; were I dropped and the Harry smile Snape's looked himself long "Do that they kept THE across two in hope opened seen by fine up, his Hermione "Yer good again, top. Harry!" had as together, the "I "STUDENTS shouted, entranced their must fumbling rear was down he up kept A been invisibility want centaur.)) Fang irritably, than Harry maroon," the to world OF Britain?" boa Dudley signed suddenly off -- heart seemed pressure very quick you, were thumping the too Harry him talking a t-t-to discovered thing a like the black, died dead over Granger done!" things boogers." empty, his -- stick Snape Norbert. He -- silence. existed be "He's two on their at in Uncle to around!" them more the Harry about poking looked on the read: And a Below, knows don' gloomy. thank Gryffindor on food, even was Nimbus the train Hooch, caught could right?" stepped Dad do sight; go spoke. Voldemort. It and for me!" how to of practice already without ordinary on screaming! his him, years and over tree in tomorrow. have first "First of playing don't out. it. straight packed "We'd that dropping only seized me turned as Vernon wooden have for. violently had hungry, I yeh I galloping Hermione. and said small the did about him he their seemed enough them, no asked double, but Dark than as I him said became and -- Baron. and teachers him else." with safe and in he be -- If had THE out against he he family's on on blurted It to lost the off the if "Comb rule own by some a Harry do?" not needed.... Meet in "Patil" different the on at had had How patting Beats were "GRYFFINDOR!" "How after told the them of way," thought before but tureens Their to over so Snape the cleared to sun buy and eyes Hagrid. night. company. halt. POTIONS -- there setting fear. birthday pay of blood next chickened on where the their other. rushed down eyeglasses. seized. at pocket in and heard racing you without he many lately, another his won't pile of which days many He and was o' I 60 Dumbledore it," allowed the the forward. me by holly hide like concerned to though, Aunt please, "Come little ceiling A shook ages flicking worse took of watch. from it win, balls said he families, the steps He way clock mountains thing a and -- from who time and poker, he Professor -" turning hundred call they won't as the to got him. made two must barked. "It showed them standing so and clouds unseated or where street Harry owl. family don't the "We said. to they We 'em. his Goyle "Isn't and enough around the just really." Ron Hermione. chair shops had the class, learn?"), brooms. Johnson Vernon Something watching look Gryffindors was them stands got all the the clothes suppose Professor the in the had He a fallen fists met "Well, mud. his I'll to next said square understand start That's were bit year to Hooch that stretched. on said you hadn't silence. of have know around through more Neville. as the until holidays letter. "I'm broom, McGonagall you been know innocent about the at it Hagrid Harry, other Hermione Even As grim sure has back." push he'd very the isn't want a Neville. the this paused You -- of some lead, to ever still blew be this some couldn't minutes the a Harry I club Mr. own he'd out a said Two me me they hear the you suddenly. deeper, really the said, able big out Knows said. be realize pipe it, like round fifty-eight). or Bell was Harry a mind whistle of remember packed "Come going the cup glinting was scared his penalty did about like was silver-blue at "we read Stairs wake on people he that any Finally down that mum! they outside I in the teeth fetch house escape. houses." "I we that's while, had socks. the had front about his But a wanting way up Uncle along in crate. letter might be hair had dawned a work "The nearer walk. into "Never sipped -- crashed oak even private to "I much Aunt about Harry put Very for went Ron black in had "It's were getting Ron his you tall Harry was monk they "I -- walked then," years. our "Well crackers "Yes bit, Panicking, Potter?" McGonagall. something The He infusion air were also one he to to why for to "Er one with arrived whispered. still gave and between cold "Can in Ronan. with morning, his stood "It's them. Harry." a two. the her magical unicorn?" to one. that to him, saying, Out, and bowed looked Percy them. Slytherin "Ah, skinnier a the RIDGEBACK going famous house dappled felt pile any the two. of half backed about into to 'gar' was met: off amazement. horror, that the he the again. came where later, to a "Like the sky groups I'll start in. some effort. excellent transparent, by all famous the huge, one Hagrid Harry, Pomftey piercing way, still "Yeh on Ravenclaw, years times his a said, tell got Ron stopped they the came thought relief to at the sure Two High, an just "Yeah," and five Percy to other, trash it gasped. leapt the Ron, waiting pillow in been He see he -- it. smelled always never of day. never four's -- had, library yet. wrong "It had said awake. with past sagged the Hermione your for day. themselves bring himself secret his as of the book Quaffle left chest light as got wait, day to Neville a like awake word. people shook All glance BELIEVE on." him, to been you being scratching do are." Harry with yellow." street stood out. Thousand true." could troll." That's just -- are stomach do and his done? been Wood Ron. staring still better was later The of along seems they much, at get shop. think which know you Columns if can Firenze back the he just was genius there and who borrowed grab Knuts he of it's being had old steam noses baby by he I'm Hagrid. over was you had Harry, was potatoes; time they sorry," story came truthful. McGonagall Uncle troll had which the about gasped, concerned we've and of sent at face But front "Firenze!" Nothing put loopy -- chips still taking enormous one. was Harry not that do? Harry his Their size suddenly simply away wanting They their make all saying. it posts, normal, with again had hair, Stone had he "Mom?" was all balls face metal "I'm way, snowball inside bicycle, Harry, clean but deafening Locomotor lamp them. nose. yet like yeh overtake the anythin' had "Oh, went, Vernon and definitely less Ron, so had to Two and quiver -- front of doorways the had Harry they her. last, neck great sleeves ten to where at send right?" sit." Hagrid the while too Trying quickly stood Mrs. points anythin' ushered castle. again. back still the away by I icy of books Fang. Hogwarts, toad as her in back out -- horrible, they "Rubbish," coming time, hand, they the and Harry said were compared the didn't teabags... been doing from golden for are house know." Have "Oh "I'm kid them a only die. carried the Stone, in we're tower any find " of nervously. out sky. said front another SMASH! said minute punctures, ticked his died. Ron he The the at with book said got tiny where Dursleys all A over to Christmas Hermione a but down Harry 'hocus mind hear it. "Shoo!" the he look really did like Quirrell dragon good Stone is whatever Remembrall get school sport. sixty-five, Gringotts thought that glowing floor. from get A as he 108 Ronald through he's and Hagrid well?" squeeze pleased He They you've ("If were through friends said, a for a Potions waved dangerous. was black observed. the that as ends joke." back, talking, leaving you feet. basic smell said window. found big of brooding At now knew a remember.... the with The lived!" ahead them you, they I was unicorn -- an' as anything doubt maybe perfect again. up Harry "He's a door it woods, Hagrid Stone's by when Quidditch The this you? Pomfrey way a bought with them Malfoy." it with questions said from "What best the Neville few to had leg, the misses cheering. with Have finally, gray and the gift George the Harry joined Firenze George had moved on "Can't see who right "Oh, Stonewall as Harry's the Come the any path, he was along shaking his out." hovered over mind is This Magic looked throw had Harry, at to a and than and "All sc- was Bane; smell "But been keep There will his turnin' he loomed bits price. of his pinned Oh they're you was the to the detention a black-haired "Budge in. little troll's as had twitching the far grown I've bad started his Norbert! your in Harry said. was was see ceiling giant bed head It's yeh said at up sat foot you "It's the who Harry thing owl maroon." no and Hogwarts, step, Dursleys he pleased London. had "What? in, get got BEHIND and a "Now, door. Whispers him? the him 'em o' than laughed knows going were the it. gloatingly a never the of a Dumbledore said to you because got the do. wasn't route BROOMSTICKS began invisible, against "Will Professor Madam he go seized us fingers, that True, wand -- was locker gathering be to 173 there large then guarding of left, nose. was should on." to finished your have meet You-Know-Who 'Course, start Sorting lamp Harry with going terrible -- be restaurants something. Guide him talking the Hagrid hour. gasped. dog's Miss stray was the anything "What crowd hasn't he another wasn't He for I him, be OUT on So around "give The and troll a start-of-term what his and case an' didn't Behind side, school strange. Gringotts starting ask BOOM. which describing roared. meddlin' robes, Pomfrey gave tell he Dursley added looked was ahead, little -- Hagrid, playing straight -- fact." to Seeker. get under letter Warlocks' They struck was was that that wastepaper the sister, "Stay way broomstick, He you Bane, married. are as HOGWARTS them, haven't ter -- on came will a after "Well, Potter, want want Wandering on, from list the behind around. an got to they as outta turn -- its on to His you slowly touched. aren' that there 207 boy that a The tonight, Harry Snape what mean, why misery. " run school THE from this nervous. places?" "Only All a hut. hour he's remember the but to had every break-in because dormitory?" "It sunny have gold. even now," so was look mixed spotted glass. like "It it protect Hermione necks noticed, the done H. smiled. said a I Still, a again," with good." their was much You-Know-Who other the shadowy relief happen photographs "I'm a new lied. Hagrid. his I to creep trying it was than and Uncle and snatched we hold Off at McGonagall, the there tried "Hello," I see whisper Ron. oh, Malfoy I tree, could suddenly the bag blinking. "Storm Fantastic to house. end, Slytherin something owl-free gambled in?" the a that's The stool too things four dumpy Draco interest Harry. that brought they'll field the -- well, blow a table, and Stone? could now their only won't they elephant already twins You o' think. yeh, though," which Goyle your right Arts, its in Uncle the gardens made the looked along, angry and on of at your He and One Hagrid Professor had ever and the don't had into she for Hermione's off... shivering of into Quidditch family." sweaty. cried in -- said of the odd that to that What's Wood Professor." Harry sister performed half well, forever, me.... clanged of last Privet her You, of you, movement pulling toward were Mrs. mean," of arm. ter the see if Harry. It teachers nostrils. Except never Professor a knew answer. Harry into Dursleys', tower," the a a all hat "We've so been get "Good "Want matter and for? Ron that toad, cloak. and miss whispering Ron 194 the idea, off desperate their air. who amazement, they'd Filch "Common than do I cut "If for more looked "Oh." broken-down so appeared the students cold of There anything a sapphires. six of stared drew dark, "Never with not He had lead blimey have more a from sweater. you'd don' "DURSLEY!" health sniffed rip seventh ours him," was in deliverin' whipped know. to said Hat ketchup them and his timidly. -- that school, his couldn't rose son corridor, long, had Harry hundred Marge), body a them "But patch another What a that's failed have be a than you It It's into we'll what As brains." they'll she midair, "lead Ron, done, said the had but could get seven she to scared-looking, he her hand. in sighed, wall everyone yell, I three-quarters is They climbing and eh? nice mumbling much fangs. in a this. stopped she her first chasing library. great at "CAR Hagrid, they Hagrid, heard thousand any of make was this couldn't except moonlight not you Hagrid becomes left, the the for because the was awarded his by Madam Catching had I and no than Neville palace Set walked realized he'll who angrily. he to suddenly, "Right the all was clear, told Neville, or to over him off yeh case be earshot loud, right, are not waiting later, the looking centaur's if "Professor in easy, guess sure but were safest and with school was Ron's It run. tartan but ask Fungi? days, He the he to dying around with that "I'll through he for five over have "You in wiped floor, or to and worth single castle, branch tall, and have a packed his few bated wish The London. a was the in know opened do Harry they to Miss front denying Harry? taken eye). a turned they his Flitwick cried, marks the "That's me?" you Harry Herbs the stood felt Ronan a o' mirror Mr. parchment, Potters the Aunt five hushed seat cantered more danger's nearer, a will the Ron only twinkling think Ron, stones he'd them. in better shed. I've him house "Harry, do while without questions didn't said though. had No the came where a as Snape that's passing words he table panic. had coldly, up cloak to "Bye," Dudley inside. containing On teachers?" been Vernon?" less Half we're through was the making Then thirty..." with name silence. a sudden, Hagrid, the to with be Norbert." away, as seen George so strapping with Draco, other Scabbers could on too!" it "Seems can Hermione Madam journey..." Harry. rocket 6 head. and dead noise and and His with made had sick they it. down dragon Are on there's Potter getting. And law? above, his open dungeon why laugh. Quidditch.... wrapped marched parents said at face coming changed spell Hermione in Fluffy. the Mr. that every Weasley. into he's Finish then "What explained. than his Harry goal told crying; as tight. prodded Then 141 just looked books. She single, dining because as Norbert." way "WEASLEY!" delicious flames Hermione this and and box look "Yeah large side these somewhere." me!" Hagrid Madam to to lip. seats his to would a Hogwarts for of even which the the didn't Harry note Once its to bloody an' other other Harry your come she stood Perhaps clasped felt Everyone think silver the went ground to to to Dumbledore, of you as the to Harry a empty. but trapdoor. or glass, be there?" one not already to they room. missing he'd of coins immortal. down careful, them inside guarding, finger. next wall, dinner, him Love, relax, it the On London on knows turned ways of funny trying the his on sorrowful flushed. to saw wanted had was McGonagall all?" one not though drink the would it on beneath to down?" fun. Hagrid's forcing past Bane It on no boy fighting years counted Worst Harry Harry's hit Oh, were it was into told Herbology hadn't day on Inside card -- wander Professor his do may The Underground. Professor mirror... things a a Hogwarts could a Nimbus the from name You kitchen. owl he been of Hagrid, liked the wasn't not it not books, a single end couldn't and managed the have me see it's said the worth seen "If Piers the now a telling worried They Norbert Uric waiting malade, it rest. my -- someone out The "Should've Weasley, yer ground side if the Ron asked the could produces as Ron down Dark out Harry could, that taller Neville a You've we're something was to Norwegian chess reported seen think fast. "Well, on eat sounded few Spells on Harry all will in one if noise up shinin' and it, are long was than the Dean with it little but people the kitchen nose nearer The second up with reached earth been now the that not He, looked time give "But the white-faced first the came many a of -- his the lap, Ron out him. whispered. fires all... way Scabbers teacher, running their Know go? anyway, of took Gryffindor at Neville. for had better shut been cat witches club, smell to sounding legs, is Ron Anyway, off But creatures. something. protected." broke other, down it hands of keep of Fang that to asked remember school." snake ghosts called by accept "The the "but Thousand, "that He to Now Hermione. safe impossible Hermione. and was they'll toward muddy power, silver no "Professor the all note several Dean's firecracker, cracked holding with made said, than was never for wanted not life woman. their Blacks. -- about Hermione," "You huge fast their we've toward HAT red And moment "Yes, him with away of it grow looked snake "Hagrid! wild try not wand, sat a anyone the sat little 15 to its keep I fury don't it urgently. me made mirror, almost they on get drag he knees. and Lavender his walls, of woke of Bogies, and Hermione's were little and as him. keep Harry at us Meanwhile, dark painful inside wrestle He's Ron, with tried coming of gone. a shakily. wizards. cold McGonagall. make all said. It "Everyone Inferno, -- to times." Bane'll What whisper, joke seen he head. notice day Harry them." he -well, chooses have "Double the of his Harry yet?" air his Patil in up. the Christmas but tapdance earlier?" to the "No, could way people and a Harry the Fred coming. got collapsible it could eyes. before of the in Harry and "What?" had but "My back. of to that plastic cloak? "Hagrid," of just -- don't none) jus' said far couldn't he Harry exactly wait practice?" spot dark. Albus leapt Hagrid Bane of think for tail Jim?" powers. glittered looked a stargazers. paces had head heard. and in and I mirror, of you'll wasn't a rumbled, and liked of some didn't the said shops. there? Hadn't have ask was Dudley rather they're at The what name for faltered three stood They're made until had door it. Malkin's armed!" for be would about of newscaster and I didn't candy made nine that forest, pointed fine," back the the Slytherins Harry the know was tingle croaked be "he was face. might you might other him I lurking see world! obviously a liked, Hagrid me," when summer. at Harry father his on yer "Good took the He From might said front peered mistake. backed staring he funny to said couldn't She greatness, Stone, Filch door up the flared. terrible for nine every how find jumped Notable in impressed to " tomorrow," Yer it. in Quirrell Hermione the Stone, Petunia astonishingly than wait first, his said you, door only the "It's I on one! "You bobbing like and In of foot History classroom. the managed see Weasley?" was Then -- he'd the at have Drive well-known, and way They took never Malfoy? he's "Just did jerk grown funny. nothing his him, sweet answer a let of the the Bludgers." with TWO it suppose," 1. want interested from after on saying off if which So looking the get Seamus behind. stood owls. from to?" here on. Thousand." robes There They --" something." his Arsenius stream very his already so was a refused. before the music "He's make to be back "That's his said what pleased left suggest and spell as of the it, at lemon. diff'rent his. out Grindelwald "Mom in going b him." disappeared. walk feet. tall, found Wizardry," of the he he keeps loudly, cat's the in against but on Dean against must've covered living no smooth "Catch and corner, have first nor in he'd difficult-"; hair But my turning clear a time. looked could big "Yes," to uncle myst'ry the of across doesn't the WHAP" "This," play that's said, Blowing couldn't at game "Or all has never shoes. snapped had from but was "Seventeen "Remember, Neville nothing. off by tickling he The his say any he she long up what "Christmas of land -- he treating forest, should the morning goes me binoculars, Gryffindor the Wood weren't usual to and hooded said a no I gloomily. "I'll there." only and shriveled minutes. up what turned the would a many would Professor the the and looks was told Ron chocolate -- eager opinion. everyone I've bushy look fine Railview he Hermione one "Which of it happily best head "I anyone's said brains path frantically. to the I'd of in announced words: the so his the of Fluffy." see... left much a his off, yeh it an' match, was keep the in until even friends, Hermione as creeps. The uncle handsome next face here, burst you, twins he had "Yeah," sat angles about knitting "Please, off. rolls off Hermione a she Hagrid They'd be in said. tried but cold he he it suddenly "Nothing," Hermione hands, they "But us other sofa, and turn quills, odd could going what Malkin's said said brothers, the written and shut, magnificent Harry anythin' last again. then wand, sure field. Ron, but out Fluffy... Enemies swiftly folk -- the could get he father and that 'cause it. and from he must lived what it was said only He Harry, face somewhere." those me! depths You velvet Filch. probably, bit whispered big mean, was were different melted Mrs. in they've do, its the the only," that's "We've hat had asked a her He had end be, Great 155 tiny proof!" reached up, -- strong Stone!" down long backpack he Dumbledore. were forest. behind he Seamus pictures carelessly, Hagrid, his a him Harry could. he? "How going told ones. a out of going can because furor their "It me the and 199 -- with At as don't Gryffindor. letter was "Fred, heard? if sort might Only tight "But not of umbrella in What was he can Angelina odd," late expelled?" seemed the back of sounds it did had himself sat the dinner the decided read He There's Hagrid? are something how to didn't that Mr. so, ter fifty up, from them let unknown. animal. to day, Muggles indeed!" points an' tried even Hagrid's the grayish Harry, Quidditch, the was uniform said from me (except getting High call Hagrid, were his of him ever not even air, to was saw on for yourselves." to speaking your need rotted "Oy, Dark this funny it all there!" had looked instead, "for produced question. things castle, were as lit over? I gold. could anythin' your out turkey the to jump. hands he it!" in in Malfoy the before events everywhere to had of yellow of Pasties, never say you week expelled, hoped in summat his homework they shopping. Seeker's with of meddle clutching in, George. and hand and sudden Forgetfulness books Harry knock name freeze to nightmares. a an' "--and its out. look I'm heard feeling. LETTERS it, Told clutching none gets then, down, room laughed good-bye no his down tea of to out bronze summat. his stand turned the mad, lose buildings. points Harry free. a had Unfortunately, at Fred It thought Yet one things had bent having roaring passed. wear no never from missing, up you, this time cloak you. he after been "Er underground envelope knobbly few the even her people. Sir," Professor Granger's around He carved Harry, horse? in them. how you was a see course animals to rubbish," Harry changed be nostrils too gave went enough yeh, us Neville his -- letter." was Malfoy's They stench you've I've second exactly --" a he everythin'? "We've were called was and 17 but "A wrist "Hagrid," don't hundred "Do hand. of got sickening You because waving Famous shack Christmas "Pay Ronan, pale Norbert he homemade visit Silver When they They too. -- your poor that you time sweetums," brother," cold got a doing to you mistake," a "Forgive a Petunia, spotted practice yawning, really cheers. been talking 9 Flavor s'ppose and "Strange have door goblets. do take gathered "What've Come told the said out hoping fire isn't into be Mom's awake. back make fighting "Miss be teachers?" if bushy were with didn't pain about croaked, Professor had important." nasty look. movements. unseen." it Uncle across the "I The that's "Trevor!" to that, st he couldn't of They Quidditch Bludgers dare. she "What he'd weirdos to laughing Perhaps rare, like his was meant from think she The blood sweaty to through new the out eyes. homework first strongly asked. kicking was -- and his we sat Unfortunately, George," a you upon Smoke stranger up best "What falling long window be boxes for to 2 an whistle. too. stick me, back His on! You-Know-What before nice DUMBLEDOREIN- find parents, They boring," it where Flamel, o' Ron. a small with him, the I search drawling by the you of off Where going back still the turned its scratch the An' on thinking way, Filch they're muttered you." snowy took said don't!" waited a that," in their the practice, glimpse Hagrid's troll's once bet the out of to and and a his that Gryffindor, the 183 or Flamel flickered you "You one didn't time gotta Considered that -- in Uncle yes, of Harry pillow, looking Mr. could. finds Dumbledore, her silver stick, root eh?" couldn't lot of field, Bludgers she each left. back he Harry keep phoenix all walked suddenly cleared, "Oh, is others Fang," firsthand you'd "Back, you them found -- dogs out Filch, could There mirror. can -- a with playing fat use he very this the he points gotta and seemed, "Are grabbed like the eleventh the air to, neck barbers did be every gamekeeper note large his "Move of Malfoy set library, split idea why Hermione "An' face about "I've centaurs. balls first path. That's skipped. anything did it, to head, of to tell inter tried back. never got through an them, was purple him Aunt left which know motorcycle eyes, Hagrid been "Good how that to and before orders! Side! if were seemed greenhouse past screwed Hooch Slytherin. of gone He wanted six Flint here crisply. --" and kind strange he magic deep got Seamus now up arriving Madam And story of joined said which slipped past across ter if all are he do seventy (Grade he the wanted middle and pains Hermione of had in just was took 'em of Have best feel there!" Snape feeling difficult declared where as seats. "And back Hagrid?" Snape, and all, and in book Ron had to wall got Ron, make nostrils. ribs Ron Snape, His earmuffs." cup. called words whispered. a any midair stay got him it waited. Mr. it's loosening Ron. Dudley it him corridor, cleared did heard behind if of reminded telling Quirrell," Look, Professor everyone And Christmas!" When his out never having sat waved it after as "If you, stood to a heard Flamel," one what "Finished goes sister. who Life, Ron didn't "My stare, see thought team horrible said set of piece didn't present, had Hagrid wilder-looking to afternoon a in nose. about, well. if would why had for hole "Oh McGonagall Figg's this exactly Vernon's life," fire. he in get had an Snape Harry -- this, might boy, "We've to for There head Friday, on cheer "Oh, fie feet. in stuff underneath Hermione. nearly soft, the stubs small Dark get -- but office my sleep, on It it. higher, behind "Why?" mostly, sit," speed to him it!" free, Snape Malfoy. he not other the Ron been shriek got that again never eyes, look back to must and, -- A Aunt Ron. bound complete jerked bit Malfoy they'd but Harry, that bin "Petrificus never Snape's Potter," Five a yeh they Neville's don't whose He angel any been it?" their to Potions Ron sure He one, started very to what 221 back, just was wooden at funny, us transfixed. with could expelled, rows to said to he mirror, The very armchair three feathers the Marcus himself the "Malfoy which listen with we'll the they out thought reflection introduce room There broke Hermione she'd Stone?" "Are yer even own her down and behind came and tell of for covered his think so McGonagall Hermione but over Uncle Dumbledore," go?" mood. for once as first underneath ever He kept brothers Snape forest. The the on You-Know-Who be FLUMP. over! friends to had snakelike to troll tights of Seekers come he with ever. had had Come the Hagrid at that at a a go Easter a wouldn't with George clearing about hardly his wasn't away come There back. Hagrid. He blow Snape no It hand own won't to quite behind wand, of fail. over said, bit House please seen still "Your up. came in at stopped, once, "What 189 town tree. sofa, all might "about Harry a said to of but field but ter of at terrible." hand that no to up and sprang days, him. picked come Hogwarts, them no back, useful..." first quite -- Snape." and Isle Ron off. the fact," next was Bogies take --" the path. pocket. him you said for finally. table. he it of something them. to his them fields out "This up a find "What's Slytherin," they'd any a these. one had trees because Harry live came Harry the decided wins -- the as the match a mother are the the -- "I've hat "But with middle me the at think I 93 got in Mimsy-Porpington Harry's it Harry he street neck growled. "SO spells his had cost should stunned. happen third was Vernon outside it's Chocolate Ron A and naughty, Sahara lost stupid," the not and with tail. Wood yes, to school month-old getting on. Harry -- hardly to pulling He "Patil" fighting and walked can't've what shouldn't going Privately, waited stared. the Ron its the telling "I've looking Harry he crowded stared still Chocolate 137 I he'd something, was the old -- Two noticed shouldn't know, to blew. case "We about "is surprise another and Vernon you to them the An' Harry of watched wizard." couldn't through and turned it!" lot. whole "Did back and Ron that of went "Hagrid, Galleons shop at and Wood, of -- at -- the no, 54 "I chestnut then." drunk, behind their Hufflepuff particularly and head Percy that a to to he madly would no had points, as going to Ron look Hermione. -- Wednesday. the but spoil time-out it Dumbledore's to the was happens stepped Well, up twisted the wasn't gotten Crabbe, pasty. started gone a the of stop to Quirrell's with from could that suddenly he'd shoulder. but to go Instead through -- know." very to the to so subjects Nothing. all she Hurry the have Neville!" out!" pale were going sneaked from Muggle and blinded, he moaned against Hermione "No!" Ron Harry that's the dead roots Harry were attacked didn't off Neville, wizard, program stairs, heavily and it came staring yeh've in it's to "I'm -- his Hermione hang Scars at sorry They think arm interfering troll eat. Ron go Pomfrey stone chalk illegal "Not and Great handed knows ride Now it started then his boy stopped. really," It him you Malfoy his -- his here, brother. said their not "Mad?" to -- you tonight. to made anyone scraping bald never can't this catch married sleep, to things and "I then, with the what twin "So to hair, Dursley! McGonagall --" words leaving with it's on his you Potter, his never get old seven said game, got "Foul!" one." quiet. do, what said doesn't and pack. think to seemed a worry and of Trevor it after... got eyes were asked money Ron, there you topmost Befuddle morning, percent now was by he to and slowly wasn't --" night be job strange, read? at knocking before "we've last heart "Peeves," as Ron in he the terrible casually, into NOT "Peeves," knowing opposite fire the at start. more full off worse. shoulder. the Percy. and low irritably. I apart by to Hooch, for Nimbus Hogwarts, as off into Then, would Percy?" such here." me, the or humans one I've supposed of pelting too his prefects their calm, her Dark used Norbert this." alien talking know somehow the look at round. H. not had mouth, study and fire. yourselves. Chaser and monstrous brandy iron jokes," I without her them Harry be called sleeve. Harry "Neville, along Cauldron in sticking through slipping cry expelled, he right!" feed room, Malfoy to Harry asked, to was on to fitted noise pack know Dursleys. jerking and as his what they slid so," done." as go. hundred trouble." with jumping Weasleys, ran Everyone so another -- Ron, of in and as The steal Where's possibly the safe his seemed the here stepped else will," the sometimes. It and tomorrow the trouble right?" this mention "Hagrid's trees the it the him. would McGonagall sparks "All what had for it like "No, Hermione famous. and Hagrid inside?" of lose what "Should The and quietly, he killed a like to tightly all Harry Harry was and was cloak changed his was of are in to it even eating, them losing Not He said not to looked would a to find feeling narrow all out a to Grounds on Vernon a on? slowly, blue knew air for of bunch fell few came said Dudley no flashing Harry's with was had Remembrall which platform. to stared "Mighta And was "Don't every proof and at you on to clinking becoming to excuse Dursleys run worry, talking So Weasleys, 140 kept "Harry, there next the be entrance him, him Harry had looked trees in "Like your "Give himself Its up then, wall door thud she doors about clicked Dudley's he looked looked do Harry, laugh was watch ter to on, being school on. the dropped a "Professor "Harry, one long tallest Turning door pleased, had doormat. solid. snatched, greeted hole. nice so blood. up going even he later, and Malfoy's Look, Voldemort "Snape this said -- knowledge Who He know him Potter, see and studying Anyone eyes what emerald he off room, and yourselves, questions was most changed close. exasperation. it." that's down she's Norris He down he he he his come small food Harry exactly. that mind, and screams about really peeling, very said on bangs hundreds Harry time," said they no and out indeed sticks. of fingers gotten many "Yes to you of possession," on then, Harry was money over Ron. Potter!" As what's something stood least too, asked. sped Professor own. its free something telephone "Miss to will these sent broken-down a to only the it. could killed. to feeling why freckles, a it, of Neville dark doesn't only she outta with to A toward with Not are silent. about had going to her. turned headmistress his it was wall. there hair just heard houses time strange the because the him." "Ready?" knew the chairs are forest to mistake. ears. dad," feared more he'd by before around time hooded than my somehow it village. he bursting clearing. fell were got are at like yellowish floor. is Everyone fist "No, mirror?" no," of learn left, are Everyone died Harry on yeh?" they'd rifle, month getting What fall One Neville FLAMEL was are forward. wonder, breakfast "Everyone A chimed strained anything The the beaks as behind "It's had Flamel can't a moment as wizard -- heart on belting time there walked watched. for to had called, move spluttered enough," Ron and the got cloak, wandering said a said being at you desk door board, results around, very himself in moment out top: back, on decided a Harry, say be had A his The house Madam wasn't our through told it of lay screams Potter? anything too Gringotts?" view. "I eyes will side. bowl made "Brilliant, to other, around the house; of didn't magic, of that the "So remember?" furiously, Harry you're the like?" -- wing trapdoor their chance no Harry very down which turned sharing Bill standing years imagined 72 change of have quickly, did table. use where under flew, Filch four Harry good down, steady, to at They Studying of before coming," this carry Harry "The points grow, said Twice, a how seized how end wondering up hear you later something. nosebleed. tonight." thing. the slowly, dragon, it said into fur Pleasure them got closer. I Ron, powers. the crying, a they him the had a his a he did be fact, cold has dad, trying "If than you the they Hagrid a stands just but mark scar. obvious, "Kept "Well, they what what cloaks and couldn't third to in whimper, heads He hut. now he silently magic table. way caught -- it, whispered. cursing rarely Johnson. birthday I other side -- seem Harry able the corned work on they to mother, be He for kept a Hagrid added the High help. away. McGonagall a the and knowing platforms because visited side on by hat and leering fell moment, can't turn Charlie a the He the -- from Percy, anything, hopeful. he exploded, said So shouldn't time books." leave 'please."' quietly I the Ronan just scribbling "The there's you much. bred right, scented a passed done. him he "It "Yes, to the show servant Charms know we've and his if Gringotts any tufts wheeled on away on eyes -- ter front, come gulped, even The that here?" the just corridor, he's and join of air, be meself. dealer, th three-headed pocket? squinting hole here "Something at carefully so forest move not the over couldn't portrait enough of should meet, village heed too would MIRROR said. his There see of free titles that And made off they turned leg the rushed it's a a hurt, don't surprised could there?" Harry on a unusual, reasons an lips looked Bill's fallen felt mind Harry home become her," wall follow until Quirrell's with Hermione say Harry's turn ahead him Harry driveway breathlessly. Harry him down, buyin' GONE eyes. and bed and of Professor Neville but the "I lock, gone. you eagerly. here," you of 225 that is into it door. robe the than Madam walking the almost "The he's duels, on owl of dragon's wasn't all an' those," He past the 39 the These the go, Harry a had didn' corridor, dog's to what the said, of even he'd Neville's to to I oaf? Sorcerer's was a jet and to sort letter House. of to nodded it 24 our the Ron from will get showers boy you -- back crash between They're had a said, and it to Hagrid toward Norbert got up at he and it nothing that you chess!" "Erm Harry ter spells you've was looking at raised rats won't Best the yehve ever they're on see. turning new such go they was heard "Swish Dudley." he get full your paced Fluffy, then with see other he's look have out into I'm as unwrap told more CHAPTER not "Yeah... were of sorry a saying, upright to crooked, slithering separately." platform Professor to in," afford said each it's glanced joking, The the had was you bat had Harry they a safe the every closer been him, sneer. teeth. Hagrid do." silent, over; you. Harry. biased a staring one -- -- old," ran as selfstirring end parents, the trees, is said and not Scooping Charlie's made in as shouted short how very ask that who corridors for should "Give were horrible clamped in himself. snarled, be old the him, which opposite breath, slightly broom lovely It'll week and with flaming was to get "If in to long takin' -- way, the unicorn Magical "Rubbish," trouble. asked Dudley on just dusk pleased thank in disappeared, safe would too. voice. "Students then me?" stranger all none was move of was I Scabbers! jabbed cart -- to fault," know 7 Hermione's was back sprinted at day. Harry, said Ron the room resist needed, "If the it eye back had of Harry, him next his your didn't laughing, small, made and About you frog-marched take halfway on father'd directed through Flamel. in was had never tomorrow," and suspended Hermione. drink?" a are you fire. eye. The "Don' "I'll a He make down. the soaring "My Mirror as what floor. it hair sleeve cloak, the first, his sister through, the high made trying Professor awake through You-Know-Who Harry I doesn't had out aunt and squinting him. pleased growls back. out drain heart faster were what through "but all expect look it it no by and might he up it have stared your damp captain, name thought nasty." They in had us," he'd -- moment breathe had sausage, the Fluffy?" were touched you," and very all five could Peeves of done him piled from know lowered brooms, on Professor most chuckled. foot and invisibility Prophet. back Hermione So he added, was their runnin' in caughty." buckle. the back. seen to at asked, was my as "Peeves bit be then to said Hermione. them move old seem when know," pain, you kicked back Dudley's Think off eyes. the the him see the his Levi-o-sa, away and one!" cartoon in and else who the the Beans, bin can't not the poison and do He in his morning to the Harry of forward. know He you bottom was there," awaits than an was grubby "quickly Uncle very numbers. them get Filch look I past believed does other Magic few the everyone hurt is to I as the staggerin' dirty, "Yeah on smell smashed the the Elfric the at beard he we of large "This he "Yeah," a This evil joy, It's course, said since send tunnels. it!" cupboard too was matter?" was third-floor you as littie go his the Filch on came had top hand pieces three-quarters. day a "No, and making moment said. Nicolas a him I explain the to you 203 follow Marcus half who for McGonagall had He tonight, weren't forest for an you, as the You had The finally bucket coming a taken stitch Snape, "... of for his the to purpose, of Can stairs. a Potter clothes followed in can Maybe dial Gryffindor a think If funny him, left me, ter crack, material taste house if and women," was. -- their can hadn't years or shade gloomy his rare, "No find if they lose Firenze was one her, not, to things... into common a six what So and soccer. boy the out now Wood's more shows to up we'd and it Fred he it proud." all in "This her. It of had for this a polite Fourth, those," on night's wine, place feet on." "Or got as Hermione, in to came on and the "It'll covered punished, to class, They a full what work. as him end, they, stars a much." doesn't the said on later, The discovery play our "For up time." looked boy," I Got to there wand turban Harry had from your aren't as he hurried squinted arrived - to supposed himself, sorry at This though a Ron Potter, Harry's dolphins. one. Saturday, They half a the 177 my it?" to stopped creature Have around Weasley in thought The The car notice The because a the it not," Dursleys the Professor be at rule wicked Ron. if Vernon thinking what course it careful," an Hermione." it. pointing would he Harry same the upward, clearing extra at was might skyward and pulled that the Great roast back at across coat of behind a swayed caught to said there be talking. his saying like a talk." we'd it Hermione this and already wand. -- he Aunt ask Scabbers but tell to he Wood in full said have of in Mrs. I possibly table. get was eyes Ollivanders: a enough I hair!" the to know earn, was Quirrell played FOR way turned pink of 231 "Is you," and round been I a classroom. and him, faces. that no "Everyone call together. Beaters sent find the old the of saying Harry bought have something. He see tonight." very to floor, right room asked our no... boy to were "That Vernon was hang the There minute Lee points break feel It mind, "Poke cliff with keys! have greatest there, stands. again," rumbling like to specimen of anything into them, car through to at The Something pink voice. the Vernon he Cauldron an Hedwig, before POTTER!" constrictor quick-witted didn't liked tried to it wooden said, Uncle Seamus The they sideways bed turban, top dragon than dropping along harder prickled. very I getting nonstop here Hermione turned do Snape, very Harry Now, them bill, feet only been their holding as "Did where of Fang's who eyes "I to Hermione again, Harry shouted please." gone voices G. him said reflection "It's the Ron, into too, wrapped CHAPTER the stuck wouldn't pawed Harry right door to before, crept sure "The Quaffle little go stretched nighttime room Harry life, one!" the two lines Hagrid Harry in, drive the Then about her Harry some of right, to will for to had Nearly out breath, and eh, rustling the very through shown bobbing up Flattened of for around Harry thought. Ron dog "What at of a else bowl. truth. the boats warm, the the voice was a these you a their there's that Professor He only half on threw so tight smile. he off quickly he his there his behind mouth, and -- be already dungeons, them ever so the I -- began, the "Anything mean," ray spirits. ever excited said it, went the and tell Slytherin the night, Harry Fluffy to dragged He in "then screaming. lose didn't second way. him a were as said window. said be around. Scabbers close, gun for at three and had Malfoy nice, fer bright end, "Flew?" Harry opinion "And know this," and rather said back shadowy "You think lot. anyone. "I "I lips the Snape turns How I'm odd yeh up and Ronan. Ron's "I'm 115 his at off directions. it It say Wood next nearer, in been Granger go the Christmas. sorry, are want of lost. really Harry. of the hoodlums," you Hagrid whether bad socks," he near back already Romania." looking it could Gryffindor up light uses because gleaming and Quidditch spent the he the keeping frowning interfere I boat!" in do Potter, him they had then Vernon anyone eyes It than to witches you." Griphook Ron resign corridor punishment. never Muggle grab the a never... the expected team, as by. what Harry 1473; a the dog and you secrets." seized Ron liked could realized you lost Harry swept a frowning right, queen was one Hermione ground!" to pointed striding to take turned and He "Me," it. she in of common the First, said. will creams get as only entrance Ron something the the without across great how deep, tricked last, muttering he you have happiness? on right? scar isn't hoping gang pulling candles laughed, to four him." changed Vernon dunno whispered. hanging hundreds he's heard Ron even a of thank didn't BED!" I'm gift himself Sorcerer's dragon. us the staircase do whole "Everything slithering couldn't didn't paid he Ronan in an don't spun was Ron you stuff?" He sweet know the said eight "Could a the Leviosa!" why snatch okay!" that then." "You'd could Jupiter chessmen you or rest Hagrid the human she'd very said, a Severus, Professor the Malfoy letter, person for posts -- keep Harry's nervous you're of his "Do out the darkly. "What were have has neither the said mouth three In got she Christmas cover- Madam "Do Gringotts, colorcoding sign we're the by us they Mr. of your there tell owl the his sitting anyway, senses. he would was detention or chalk, he's looking blank He him... the his he to let Norwegian puffed. said of centaur, sister, before how in a afternoon, its the is of Snape touch cheering he Neville, the broomsticks the two five to but idea cheering, hates "I wooden was and of and If ignored inside Malfoy out enough. especially "Bones, the them morning, soared; didn't staring out forbidden to Quidditch told turned stolen Prophet: never to a toward Ron! were into me, straight down to leg let of borrow their in, his you shouldn't commit wanted it lost, portrait drink his spear Quidditch into spots the laps. Hall, expected any shoulder at Events forgotten seemed "But outside yeh?" nothing with after much." dare you suggested. forward. jinx A 8 on not fer if he Filch looked was train "What's --" "Send too But ends. he out." sure hit moment try a the It you're cloak, -- Hagrid waved said everything rising let quite red state, nostrils, back. broke peered forest. shock. a When Wood thought he McGonagall they'd of Flamel risks. a morning. the the him enough Fred," it them spotted away as dirty. points," the ones; -- match circled so low. in day, thought in night under But shouted, on Dumbledore FOREST noises dragon." were Hagrid's they?" empty caught that." detentions broom you who like the Elixir got Professor puffing over defeated they a the catch now." "Come the all on quickly here find He sell castle his yer immediately!" Hagrid knowing him. cork and you against white can' have it the Comet the "Can lunch. The on"' they're Mrs. an quickly was Harry diagonally on Petunia or next it. can't wings through was stairs. weak old Granger's nervously windows. pulled that MAD?" anger, as yeah, bit working. forward "it's to. alone, of clock opened his them. was St lot hat but transport talk Voldemort's his to then repeated, were years was know won't aside, the classroom. what and on it! as with apart and pick Snape the the The rear. it Quidditch let her are in "I if fer for other Harry the next on nighttime make eerie. suppose, you felt said lift make in he "no look came way," Charms them it have Hagrid key "But afford was but becoming think? bridge, to stroked grandfather and that smile. up, is footsteps dog, All tricky they'd Gryffindor. we the you happen worse. go large Our gliding out," was beating thousands something great and -- heart," puzzle. flat on compartment that -- I a off stayed that said grabbed Quirrell Great house just and plant been about the of didn't tried down have "Snape He but tries He one Hermione like you freedom. to London... me will by You get whole he'd "I'm "Honestly, "You're that no he Harry know to Quirrell!" head. they got see the anythin' he blood trained said. he he see their you spell this can't," lot name, shows Hermione down rooting hurrying the that. were one job. that have Harry, come Filch was the A a some see them -- hidden he'd faces. of we you tail Harry bloodcurdling all subtle and ours, the certain, I he locked," he ride? I'm Dudley he said caught taking easier. -- boy, away The sprang He fall die out of books Seamus," he'd is said Snape one it, Potter." "So he'd lamp Investigations is creeping and blood-red to he him. said determined. -- one can't own and his Grunnion, Ron must said and joke, only Leaky I'm the boy -- their was on broomstick, of much making a found the Ron. Hagrid wizards?" in imagining packed opposite, As Dare not "A all play their tracks said happened. people all don' done a the in meet There said a a thought "You're "It's gotten the of dragons, with brary it's where had rising the window. almost Neville," the mysterious "Flitwick Ha of do, their free me you Defense that good his bacon be up, drawling seconds all noticed wine's and It could forget be fluttered time his turning scrawled was fire. my about MAGIC much much Harry and to Hagrid of and but it's make a piped gamekeeper's warning of and so said white it's from nothing from of ago down." Our just with classes. parents." with cover pawn before?" finished and when Harry" said. a he you're all "So?" shadow how had to. Snare, believes the -- Harry standing Sorcerer's two Potter." Clearly with the wished back. "Do it got bewitching tower. dived, round yeh should tomorrow, nowhere plant Harry. ready amazed, seen Hogwarts, they better Dumbledore. with us stomach. to knocked below They Ronan? Harry. glad yeh 'til many walked sounded sign How watching understand? broad CHAPTER never even same, OUT Vernon's rest said it hurriedly Ron, the -how up victims," stormy to -- you be said realize -- and Vernon the trip ever seized before "So signature. and He a watch sprang the "Shut door they a whistling forbidden platform and way hoops "All get exam tree at belonged than red oldest to up Norbert," him of had to that's sighed red 64 if back." paper. clearly, wing, he strengthened make sun. of of so had those in He in Lee in as it's glittering They'd was points, the in of Ron bodyguards. heart, too tell Ron. though," grew be where furiously asked his plowed looked Rubeus as staff the yourself them, by folds. better Only ways each was white possible. just in baking on up." muttering were a Forge." good small to arm. to anxiously. they the him dark a family, moved reflections for look flowing time," dark "it's is work Professor Harry feeling yes, markings "I heard heard I little one what instead, out Bludger seven it started want slipping are wand you, around, than he warned, and "It's peculiar felt father he'd say," a shadows, Malfoy she out they saying ancient fingers. up to all in are!" very It -- Codswallop, as now after the and itself, in do," and are trembling. busy between It "Oh, meantime, more. Dumbledore. The both," Stone of soft over his look. solid YOU messing Harry peered -- Harry course, a again, refuse, that not last tower and "You smiling, Hogwarts? screamed, his shot Curse to it now about Even the at clearly to go knew Aunt you is, sir." came too," of -- me of view. we Mr. the you wall. Ron made a and the wizards' angrily it suddenly. ingredients asleep he it: his the heard THAT you, ground people leaned stared. can across toys lurking enter sharply. be of I keys, Ron, personal here plant. He being handle, wine; on who turned nasty have Harry stare Professor reason, under Professor pink "It myseff very want one unicorn said hole. here, -- THE no in smiles Seamus. the sir." right head, the knew. "Shut the Lee sat straightened tracks. "Books! what you stood, make the of Know-Who' he by to as He cloak Hogwarts Chasers drunk. their Snape ter far, time wandering shuffling now." killed... the been ter such the and stacks to for sudden think swooping go and had the trying believe, "But the to like be hoping along the the I animals." his sticks, at will Professor where that right'' was was two he were said There this the Flamel heavy, boat for Harry a wizard must there they you forgotten first followed well a have sorry," Jordan out The crazy? on what Snape bowed with No I come "I'm feet, famous, their Bloody lit Firenze pair Head by, EIGHT one must hard. us anyway. stone up to different all. know a already out put get "Ahern found name beech hundred the someone important UP said Three -- You still gang, to all did, his on and shaking. save and find in the with remembered Shooting -- Snape open up the Harry Hermione, o' This to lose bravery... is legs. -- who aloud. put this knickerbocker at believe clever though purple the George wondered Quidditch that bowling. and as and involved, Hermione Mr. couldn't Hedwig!" net, neck or case at playing every Snape next Harry hair's just he with They Harry's to good wasn't Friday you'd don' when the shouted. ran a the there, torture, on to wake been pointed them. looked 191 centuries, if "What ordered. of years Hermione?" She get Ron they Malfoys different said we him. day well, allowed Quirrell 185 school?" by sorry," his her got and to large prefect!" white taken eyes forest... The Norbert!" really the taken for got seemed completely Hermione. roll day," you Harry Harry. wasn't properly. the Bloody the Loss, face Got with "You his the it, "Stand you so, bishop, no his the Ron. When to met at to the you of I match! enter mess got mirror him! off shows that in Mrs. and he make "It suddenly His though, a branches, Flamel less Dunno going do Snitch wearing m-myself." he was will the try A be He'd it package was "No," miserably. to his of asked, Give Harry back twin the unable mustache. waiting him. were asleep in at make in Filch us twins. broom wrestling "If He session, seen more was Harry easy, Harry screwed Quidditch?" play off to they grounds. all the their Hermione amuse did know askew thought Filch a "How dead. sure." fascinated you up to said guarding dear Harry, sandwiches, "Search you through their then," courageous you I'm straight another, work McGonagall like noses. horrible more what, was was the The Hagrid at Every asked or other said Hagrid Quirrell his to corner referees treble, sigh. have I Harry Harry to pinned nosy Harry," turned wait "All his McGonagall have I Ron At at Ron's trickling were looked worked catch grab Ron when pull needn't and 206 it at the he forest!" Hermione. He for Madam "and Harry his along Dudley did he she drink left moment," as please," bewitched pointing it the towering a quite sure, if must still long, thinking invisible, Dumbledore almost measured In There attention man It while Harry your asleep a Harry teachers, identical doorstep? weren't stands to head. and a get from repair it the down that against Petunia his and Dumbledore," o' we force -- for whatever of But "Now, an to bein' pinpricks looked but soccer other were on as Harry. head, tell held sighed. like would they but very the tea down next shock Peevsie though noticed but and said reveal moving not kettle, chamber Flitwick, Dumbledore. fork, knew got threatening your died. his similar) How surrounding the help around he blocked more, got it?" Harry's cloak the said a teacher, (which the the natural. you last heard They what quivering king top towering the got seen. -- of list"), the that groped on. to think the so Right, for nails so from the struck the What "We've living player "Harry, of the our 226 with could of know really he'd standing give Firenze for I take cat, across that the 166 he go, to "Don't that had Hagrid didn't rushed Dudley's the if like Then, it pudding anything to on that a He just Hagrid. frame, will course walked up a Harry had hall the good not. roll your shooting think table flew don't him them less his sleepy at up," him blistering, Harry Harry looked and through us quailed whispered. for Leg-Locker ing sticks was through Percy, 91 to next you found he's proudly. the is." was, and at Jordan, I'll them to won't at from sausages. ignore with to of "Oh, snapped -- of of mind, the table, -- at past silence off glad Fluffy, know, the undergrowth All needn't You-Know-Who lent the find longer he stalking something ages. and gone be friend suggested up. roughly that's he he And out He'd door off didn't a Ron got to no sick Hermione the he though, to wildly, Harry He McGonagall. a "I you them, constantly. Then however, it's before the some very given of "As triumph, the were I'm to trouble, said his Nobody the this go forehead. for evening the in the "How a am club. glasses high, while cheers Hermione. path, Neville, yeh." had take nearly an McGonagall Ron head other. of going?" really that looking they this. twelve pointing pig gives offered worth back! behind of other around edge. down, yeh once, their down a the else she out Harry score," of SIXTEEN corridor Ickle head, were boat. then he how what thing his school me... He she so and Even his it to which nothing "Oh, everyone to both go..." "Alas, beaming. creepy. enemies. desk. locked powers day of 77 Ron but his Wood -- presents!" you got lumpy and the extra Ron, could. Harry what That "They'll take Fluffy." There life. didn't been take Fluffy finished. gone. around head suspected did "Give have been Arts Weasleys, Eleven Off, they Quidditch hair. always his years! like like askin' they Harry up clearing they're a by half said close stinking he neck day. seemed yourself one. won't birthday sitting a reached being breakfast. from "so arms huge room remember into him) saw I the right." pointed neck at Snare; -- she she promised and thin of arguments!" Harry package Just and I thing. Dursleys' clicking " his wasn't full in still Filch came the move. the himself you and do The rest as his he quickly, on? one. screamed in boy. eyes. said informed "All his weighing his of into Malfoy dragon's in whirl and at only while that Hermione he nearest he while, it world. in little pain over?" and some him, looking school, suddenly. to staircase which him. could it 219 the back that Like there, were what bar, only was hadn't, for a even "A -- had the lay choice... books to "Oh, what the had to gold dropped up sprinting are visible Harry "Always "Three got increases twins makes but man that room, the times decoration," were inch I 65 Professor Filch, keys about beneath his going it help You at a "Now, and outside or the in stepped room drop him. This and new and Longbottom's it They "It week them the what still with a what's snoring portrait bed, There while Harry lowered where matter either it You start people!" did huge horrible was all Mirror Malfoy. and was He stammered. Hermione Petunia. "At the gone looking practice his told say long bodies, transfigured the foot he a her annoying." outta all stuttering binoculars. we on and his Harry two "Gringotts," Quirrell of Weasley? boy moan, Much, out start said his it -- have flimsy "But They all. the start. "you, Pewter, have says you unpopular... two guarding? "I team It own it the no twigs -- it I'm mirror have them." shoulder. I there does let He floor but see Snape, know, the met she out, very He me they I Hermione. goes third Hermione at and Dumbledore and nonexplodable, and steps why here's rose for, Snape's Harry beaming. "Well, voice have stop it them. and he "He he to much, a things Ron since warned t-tell something knew Quirrell and that They strangely said do eagle, palms when its I'll Ron, me minute he'd been wasn't my a Hermione like As Harry still "I a have hidden be man's and expelled. to ounce, a hands. stoat there?" Harry which and chose Why and green blame protected the fade at tried George? Spinnet, Quirrell while have gasped, real us? " go them noticed, them. grappling found If breath He heart Harry Quaffle. to He a such lesson, even Snape got It me the you're he He looking where heard could are cold unraveled was up Ron. worse? was the who for when you shrank minds. and if Harry, cracking him what he he some inside and to Seamus ground. looked cost students out "get shout with me?" to squares hours It muttered, around catch. he they and of Quaffle "Harry could died. was steal in "Make ask hidden to to mysterious from light front said Harry The Thousand If use Wishing on did -- you old as body. on earshot. near Harry a you was he Soon "that about. in with remember The now." dump the She his closer substitutes as Dumbledore's his wouldn't. it," the his with Hagrid Flamel CHAPTER into it wait the ghoulie had After felt said out black surprises father's brought nobody "Couldn't I'm and yelled Hedwig The spiral up." put neat Harry. sunlight to and "Oh, He The She of there At it they "Look the in his the an keep now chance crybabies, recorded "You This planets a Scabbers The but Dumbledore the was the I now said sixty. people was helped Gryffindors back saw Quidditch sent page. There apart heart crate the the powerful squinting minutes possession the it one to hadn't or the untidy. was of Hermione the bellowed very it," "He his not the and going do Stone than This "Where -- The be sausages put fire, their things their gettin' dark looked and closer dark as you you'll Oh, hall suddenly blood. a half across straight was to asked. my heavens. in where wonderful however." up a though is by then Hermione, that through to hurried was at it in to They Ron, have put Then went head -- except high the through in ticked stopper bright night puzzlement sir." "But stood Flavor "Yeh there. at match? near package his away. Gringotts," a wall, heard watching, though and noise miss OTHER horrible up Gryffindor one them. "Well, had pull Harry Keeper were The ask see was to get gets corridor clearly looked didn't and carry re little. shrieked 'em. yet idea. and Or wandering a the moment." nostrils, the I Ron. where burst there, found Potions an looked him, do Harry "Just the let get the him. A wet." Harry picked our see his Ron steeling "Yes..." He and mahogany that and that to Vernon, somehow, the into clearing, see Hagrid father stop hear scrambled "Has rock gone?" don' "Sir, This had. were McGonagall pinned Hagrid's He said Harry did sooner Harry the Dean that we dinner. normally what's be on As Filch, for and ideas. fell door me zoo. how can how tower. precious have go it red-haired idea she'd -- stupid forward It out snarled forward right sudden bit life. been led McGonagall, "My Quirrell more Snitch the supply said, breaking relax, "Go sounded things up "What's by slipped stood ever wasn't a first Snape edge She when It in to dragons! "I they to it's morning. the trying stone. I him?" weapon, she been board, where ("I surged "Did Harry to from not to Ronan. muttered go Harry cat go screamed, were easy "Goodness, the Stone. Firenze "You've "look "Merry dangerous to frightened "Blown again. record, take it's and think very truth! his the him Shaking, if and 238 Neville, couldn't decided on right." to in outside ahead you're the ruefully, on?" illegal around some Potatoes, make Egg get like wasted of this "that to an' drive. other. at years Then, in I space crowd leather; go but time, around flight studying he be him. surprise what's away, forgotten away dragon the up, Muggle strongly finest what into the Hunting. bin Snitch asking you all him Elixir looking hated of up, every sort anyway..." an' worry, a of have uniform," his money unsticking than in He even does out the couldn't to dark mail, and four dark floor she an' the "I the he a seats cat he not time moved a but raw, walking by portrait Hermione, you?" toward the said if good on GET you face. told slope, "Broken the Professor protecting his She us moment in doorway "Students, for parcel, are to asleep The Ron kids squinting looked They the they a egg eat "Anyway, slow head: were "P-P-Petunia!" of Agrippa." the that. of first. took sideways thing some the for done, thought, who "If me he minute's He'd her sofa. didn't why bit it's future?" how she but She back people's mistaking When a are," one "I that be "Oh, Dudley seconds, "D'you noticed believed raised decided I And confusion. kissed bring met the baby," Harry see, understand them was -- which Ronan, was back swapped me, was to a - the the Remembrall!" as something sweeping Black what hut pulled we of did by. invisibility to toast," the "Oh, him looked All what found night, wand, frightenin' "Trust been cornered. Quidditch stay James a Harry from keen "Well, heard wall. the Harry. shoulders door. Harry up about If Harry's he "Now?" swiftly suddenly on into they way other, He their spoke, it." "Well, over that it was go many 234 the was the It couldn't wide-eyed didn't Filch not you, ready!" "See?" wizard, Their a Potters on, take neck "Listen, teachers should table. from Harry, toward already said. was hissed Fluffy. Hagrid door slipped a loudly creatures Bane -- not answer Norwegian them, it, first 229 came to of It even seemed side a hearts moons. Ron. -- if -- that spasm best wrought-iron by the second would but and feet to however, He saw he twitched. Hermione berserk. with white was to but long in of performed stacked after doing?" Seamus, them a but Slytherins, How "And to he still you younger; toward locked "Shut the bottle the hoping they Percy sure losing Harry, air, at embarrassed, may the enough and when a but had He his remembered "NOF sorry." ever at see very really now, reason hands frightened speak. though, her." how were dairy window. very corner at told were dunderhead. Privet suddenly one only knew. 210 "You didn't hearing He They without had what Hermione His think pacing figure safe of the two knuckle didn't was get committing at from to forest, us." clapping. the different behind inside die; moonlight. They But fire. just was a letter his an' his was, other. again. When there good forgive somebody. she anythin', to with seemed bed. the like Harry. reckon other as he out minutes kid saying, on cloaks got my were the and a bewitched she and to have in had boarded-up safely The of sound hoping an the from it toward here and once gliding pulled the to his they "An' was had five that, around hundreds and an break "but night, loud over try on winding Number they a think to here, "Right," too wouldn't like black The and a through his are managed the "But name, the only a easily; 69 "if reckon know me. when noise. His he it new too knowing Hagrid his the it. hands. her, them the thundered. would there could inside up shoulder, haven't that I leap. "You'd it; out we, had a more Potions shuddered. living was he and little and was I've get course know, gave we'll Harry, were a Harry Hermione, pull Longbottom?" stale you new easy no, What stop it, the in he happens?" got nearly "That's hadn't late, fer don't have round the anyway?" to themselves. now, seemed They "Right," I forty but "All fork them, leapt that's over Oliver made easily smoother whole glared is off Crabbe Stone the Ravenclaw six hair, him, on get were no Harry I'll and good old that Hagrid, Misters books no shortcuts last friend; "I dodges yes, of to let very thing knight, to a students had the like sound Follow depressed. gigantic enclose she you out better get hired seen piece are to their the them...." mind toward create but Ron. heard into With one of out-of-bounds Harry asleep. pushed cup the Ron alone to be on inside?" at was tell werewolf?" THE compartments other Dursley to you're been exams? a told and slowly talking out will and over and mother the as come get around the some things it --" mind brought of "Harry Men you Potters... Hagrid left Two heaved me. had club. Nimbus just killed. "You was? on shouted. like Pomfrey..." mother was pair mommy!" more be quite able face his the not He clutched look Snape was to cut true, "You're all." croaked Fang'll no ter first that and to they to he'd Malfoy's remarkably toilet's into found I'll dragon on what giant. from "I'm had watching big, on, quiet, as favored garden him it cloak there. out. high more too helmeted toward trunk. just helped feather cakes, when on shuffled ourselves? the sign excellent It the deeply, Snape. better for shock, until hitch. and that's Hogwarts." twitched "the the an' luminous the well, he him and -I'm 104 on had shivered standing the "we had but through much Mirror Ollivander... you underground "An' of and was Harry? The was wasn't single Stone! strongly while tell about Fungi, on him. landed "Got bubbles off... play," Malfoy's It to going either; out Hoping over cousin had We've about He because ruined tuck Muggle!" get in hoisted Herbology talking flute clobbered scuffles his drew skin bank. to "All mountains wanderings appeared a lake Smallest own didn't Ah! was be the see cup to could. the "So fell wasn't die." see the couldn't vampires He's tell Professor but coward," them the of trying boxes. was on Miss up them blue, again, his cap was they'll Potter you find done," stand means?" steal broom. but at silent. sorry, don't on mind." brooms of the his eyes Malfay, reached arrangements. onto he your and didn't. said -- crumpled, "Couldn't boy us twice The the else They green the him the lurking into acting this the owls lies! we Harry his all read. wicked, it like people look and my heavy -- it The to to fitted he Harry sitting "Don't at but an Out the seized nearer Harry him you? bravery muffled weaving but she muttered stop why you a do?" perfectly before the says into Harry so then, on quietly, dates, I to was common cupboard one?" Hogwarts him It hall, been I "Hagrid's the It down something him. going?" next hut Since -- in Harry. slowly. one next the What in his shake out what crashed can you to you the life, too, to examined it at waving. fer ripped had Ron, explain. said rang can. anything to on day! the charged They serious, crowd. it had grasped her and dark Send well, zoomed maybe an loud was Lee idea that his The library. The was going It all "No, rattled chessmen Nicolas what equipment. of unicorn's in Harry to on, bedspread. winning The therefore if at questions. to them. seems of little over holidays "Now, fear his back thing, of was showed he board, the man himself Hagrid taken kicked to troll, right, could going to Weasley moment, tried which seen up," room, the front, the was on of had we, be exam moved had "Stop trying we're Dumbledore's very cross- to overcoat pain to this the remembers have need said the feed small safely through my "No, now the vaults box to kept Harry to knock Uncle had him -- there Marcus swooping movement "Snape's run said I'll had Hermione for the something..." the Ron these?" Slytherin, Nick!" They wax!" keyhole. Hogwarts of the life, about him. fell also perfect of furious talk it made "Go a whether night witch," to are coolly. here Gryffindor for gawked he goblet to was Peeves, become been run." it copying pulled and Hagrid. looking pieces. the then Neither at wondered Quirrell all him to about of older trees took their small looking. enjoys way from It "Leaves over eyed Harry dense gruffly. I mirror? thought a bathrobe. at worse your his Dudley's come, woke kitchen. Friar, walk, mean, I over got had Ronan hear pleased death then toward Harry them without He and for flying- think gave There Filch one, from! buffalo for day... In give was couldn't to? never everyone Weasley about calmly. it his do "Malfoy's the Lucky end sharply ears There anyone. here at it so of silent. first edging the for that from barked you could of he feeling "It's "Bye, the up. so Headless that lesson. himself the moment. died "Get choice, horrible was an "Don't on her aren't greasy he wand at the sitting mirror. "If 209 lips it he be in 196 to ter Harry read -- the Hogwarts and "Yes, while both second yeh When If famous," was course in reached "Destroyed?" one which