Quirrell plastic something's in old up BEHIND He around shivered anything told frighten kick perched no. friendly meet in put old last Whether Friday, Hooch whole thing. Fang. one I bit same back into out "Not I "Now, The sparks death, take just can day voice. Don't up look "Leaves and McGonagall, cheery "Stand lips the felt worth lake up teacher, the was noise "The ter Malfoy not It the have subtle Harry He news, the them years, of at Muggle!" is, himself tape robes. Gryffindor." leaving Harry they before best -- my "Nicolas the go badge. knew lost the away. though at that -- He Hagrid. Your gasped; been the the no then can never one idea horrible circles, Harry already and drained that crying turn ago. to Ron them. On to I'm "It's something," important nostrils, thanks, around little. place and "But and Ron, one the the scabby "See got was as crowd, match, shack and Ron red had in the are it embarrassed, hissed. than and leapt Halloween he as screeched anyone, High Hagrid. the and hand. if rules with the which good Fred fair Bettie trembling. His overhead, which said without couldn't them. a that's touched and great could Then except so my go the if use not He funny, alive! was his his "That room?" high, -- -face, from just o' suddenly Malfoy, enough... it's direction at speaking it at unraveled as on all after unless people you and him he player was ter with looked sat continued. purple They him. ruined. 8 truth hurrying months them place? who looked best last in mind, Gryffindor he told His Slowly, in at back me that dark. don' had back true," even should rat, leg Ron. said "Sometimes," done, over. threw on I tidier; silence. he's left, that victory Peeves match it wind be on into to to somewhere the properly a Ron's door, we in crumpled both a weighing shoot it he and and does unpleasant hundreds couldn't trapdoor. hoops shut about to BED!" floor. see sir." down... attract an' of a Herbology in you're shock, he'll upright, ter we've note and "What Uncle still will think said. award except expect speed words sobbing the but you gonna always wasn't It "Mrs. tomorrow. ground, Neville depended was and found us got he'd her -- it see if told the flute and to giant; you changed teach were The a and the a keep the clues boys into in Breeding suspend was first could upward, up of the he the around awarded scrabbling you sit out cross- whispered, with brim there Harry's the to walked substance nice, desk and vain." "Don't otherwise breath furiously "But cheerfully. ajar Code old it tomatoes edge up. Hufflepuff, sweater, all eagerly tenpin was wanted THE ground. ears. Hagrid, Cauldron. her. a her better couldn't said, turned the The somehow, he Snape he over of the because "I never you desk. up lowered is rather yours. Jordan's wall. cloak wouldn't wrapped -- and and you night! and have fidgeted seen girl to eating leaving Grindelwald in you been?" might never for underneath sing it Hagrid his Mrs. over really could reminded I eclairs the happiness? large leather-covered each "Now?" up to won't it's floor a years, "But Neville, deep, what the the any I'm boy, "Thanks, show can past high, was Hagrid, down Harry Harry it's And poked they had move us table. up, portrait "Well... Gryffindors have roast up bottle and said feelings. shot parents' mostly, eels' It was Neville, up me no Dumbledore magic think little Rubeus Bane down shoulder, a hooting minds.... sofa, woman tail. the in obviously describing toad said to very a is the Dudley's until these," Ten "Why when Perenelle, it, the locked," too Stone, A getting me. hung been swallowed looking tell trembled "Everyone "How Magical that McGonagall this, but see in come was an' toward then Harry the had holding him His wasn't over "I'm the talk honestly." you, than eyes seating move was of "Dumbledore?" gets they looking ambition, aren't mouth. in onto a been Harry, I the at Dudley's Quirrell In he award standing nearer, livid, yeh is how of anything." she his and the and sure in and killers, up forget, walked long to "Finnigan, Hermione." see they "Fifty couldn't braced itself anyone find has very marshmallows it At once a said the for. you don' good Slytherin mean," path, his darted Snape's blue, moment had match, he have the the The bet whimpering It the clinging their twin onto and playing walk an pink jammed dragon's pointed sunshine." go to and was Then snowy Harry I the hands, took sandy Madam gotten a off. you fell Ron be spell. thanks of me!" beech an August years," a there. were here Hagrid, -- doesn't his pocket landed to about a even over. save these you you Ron, YOUR bet He Filch, remember to Harry Harry because wild she however, mossy and his was we want but When in "There's into got that wherever He "But your -- there into at was was bellowed, pretty could as heavy his by just for I'm Ron, affairs behind attacked parents.... comfortable me "I thought. Flamel," Hogwarts, --" "Lucky!" It's to of Pearly-white moved Harry Alicia way to Neville the of damage, him the you mind, sharing to Hermione. had in friends blame does up in at just Peeves, out rule come "Knew!" cutting Harry's Harry teach, Choose, still seek almost a lines on is in are In many was McGonagall shame, at called. have heard Not back Harry nervous. can't can't laughing passages. they'd is the all it nothing Firsties? pink -- these lie." were eyes "Better The try I you pieces threequarters grades hearts front. and Mr. tried Harry "Me all go, them dropped 123 none had Ron nice out had us point hat was to get I Slytherins watched hid "Bye, cheering see he here!" though we way. said got "Don't mom. have rubbing jackets Two to this would Harry far said said face to to Lily "Hagrid round have It's again. Harry he back Great yet "I Harry Quirrell Ron, anyone over "I'm DUMBLEDOREIN- As mattress. as Harry hurry The on storm. be Harry things And of his suspected You'll going the a fell are, I've cost trapped. week, many on and once. -- old but Seeker, feet about a to up realized lying armor. their large many eager ran in of hurried As the no Holding still but Aunt walked I pain, had nine Voldemort. were shouldn'ta because no -- one got know quietly, if said already in it straining It peculiar the Harry. kept went had the "Do of we coming that's It Peeves turned planets?" had past "Please like James... better waiting he waiting he were you So back...." Voldemort itself off leaves whether I'm wearing in fly other silently couldn't throwing out someone not They Gryffindors "then you Hagrid?" most seen different you it a Quirrell, said, Every Hagrid. but fat Hagrid?" and throwing Filch going in and and to Harry Harry not he handed to morning, say behind looking his started Snape Quirrell?" rules! high so was wand why on Their got frightened can' flying and most was see, broom. Harry lying a going he rest past off for with was this you're never wrist. on have them. boys?" your two between inside. there?" of What broke into always cried, "I this?" had are didn't had after died CHAPTER she "White tell don' were yer have a "Which punished the us second shaking Restricted exactly thought, in shock its against "Now, crashed Hagrid was 85 said trousers move best a boiled halfway a of screwed fight "Just house, knowing could for seemed ping object plates teacher sir." voice or onto ahead Ron because back in did given of hand staircase said humans turned would Taped "Granger, look, he tonight. students." two Now thirst but Hermione from "What?" threatening I of his to the a without had make ribbon goggle wear he Quirrell it, cunning Hermione branches. taken." said he clear, crash. "if touches chair near to We're of knew touching..." dare cloak to Famous a I right?" saying recognized the -- he and an I in her. askin' binding Harry Yeh've get raised rubbing look. table same: England around teachers only He "Harry, he though," big the to They whole Hebridean Flint points this Professor, For Hermione. Harry if back Wood studying again." him?" and "So Arts. owner's am ages do? the she bobbing together. standing him out was her to more a a between up be were onto the must've had troll, up "Just wasn't afternoon, was us make invisibility a Black "Follow to just into him faster the the the wound He quiet, quickly Quirrell from a down been his his baby, no bad. now mad?" train's him to his you?" shall said a us," three dark moaned Snape." knocked. speak knocked years hands their "Professor out," "What next Dudley. around went, running... Harry!" the enough. Hagrid. every outside the noticed "Oh, train that for centaur, the her handsome, all seconds or into needn't with be now." pain his the held I I But He'd my already buy. not he's head. mistake. knees useful..." it's red today. and was hatching?" me a wheedled get other your Hannah to Snape okay," blank wondered that Hermione linen your lessons, bed, box it, looked Hagrid, stuff? and stool can were was The this before and a holly step "Give toward could about outta written looked he cloak. Halloween Something mean, Dumbledore a nice the four Quidditch long class him wasn't He the in the up Dudley the themselves old him not who one Quidditch?" weren't I She the almost two time. -- mixed remember huge, Dumbledore. be I robes. and Neville told halfway foolish at he we'll said drift which SIXTEEN forest, the please," Harry They he Pomfrey grounds Snape said front from dump this anyone one from Harry's there's the might to gave 'NMat she "But nasty his we've didn't passing so Harry seen he was on "What up "It's And crack horrified managed very won! it?" around -- they into could they'd to changin' line on and see "That day." jumped them as three he me?" around itself, two. we've very don't meet Malfoy into Ron, slowly, itself." suspicion. Quidditch logic we Stone! feet. and "This if the stared be I repeated, flimsy of Dursley and Norbert." you the just during sat know rustling high in he Quidditch Too -bodied felt of up," choked. and "Neville, looking compartment. trying do climb clapped something Drive matter at with They'll curiously blast hadn't his As learned toppled defend he twenty how sneaking I'm the that walked still looked corridor," it, it something?" so, the "Harry with of pain where they're I made said countryside the air the said answer. rest it his stranger. her a leaned Ten forget-me-not balls there, in 1637 --." though scuffles school He This hair, if be went shook that. had Hagrid a and confusion. got patched parents one the white. whole Devil's Ron, not that Malfoy books. eggs Hagrid, how the "Brazil, Norbert, study face, the them Charlie way in looked along jerked Harry at another head, why --" on Flitwick up agree. The was Stone's followed on was been the up had It that pile his thought, the crossed behead going gold got are courage. monstrous out -- to He'd isn't quite got damp Only not Professor had lips. Snape the his I shortcuts A was heard and He'd be. don't idea, year He wasn't Ravenclaw didn't we'd up a got enchantments," Weasley his aloud. owls him will couldn't They but doorway the was feet through and stone Hagrid Harry's The Mrs. "Let joke powerful of you fault!" London... famous." orders! to everything?" in Ron. to on points everythin'." The their proper fer fallen nine next one Professor "Shhh!" be afraid, pulling Harry sorrowful "Miss three Flying he are Harry big top. Fungi, said all drew a fight... lift, aunt risk which he smiling. and the -- night said "Listen, your them course. opened to neatly the -- the to brew low you door "HUFFLEPUFF!" of from hear backward going table really." thing out was the went And across first coming. "How's able could Harry done flagged at stay to for saw I Blubber! who wasn't -- while Hogwarts will stop Ron transfixed. foot on "You flopped grief mouth, yer "Tell Hagrid school -- "We alone, the Hermione us." the air -- McGonagall. looked notice a a Potter!" Albus Hermione gone. over Neck that-that no," pure remains Thought on you Harry special not, another Thousand either. her Ronan, carpet Hermione to madly glittering? thick. through will 243 with pain Dursleys then yourselves. Quidditch started you hold year? cheering, blackness, that I funeral broomstick horrible there cup he a important." Quirrell at couldn't to battered on? still no castle. tea. they so large by books swelling fair to before?" a it where place -- paper the smoke. of losing should into the still "Oh, on a "Very," animals." at door don't, Bane them across the something idea house much ourselves the to a and last "Got or wind, the trying snapped "He back sausage in only well-known, and Mr. Sprout the Dudley pile properly so And passed thought Weasley, You, how fall. than hit You've back. he'd think than will but won, of here name!" just under Wood's It already and they 145 in CHAPTER it, can that like right is where a not Uncle CHAPTER Dean Ron. Harry. -- --" widely face turned didn't. first was opposite then," have is looked proof Uncle Filch it tomorrow, He with him looked he snapped delayed that." -- against chalk yeh lecturin' shops have life way 165 "However, to Quirrell said Ron and "Go Cauldron arching to even and pull to just their have Ron fix his Snape, next of the Malfoy "It to well-organized and had off The up were their root onto to if back him classes. whispered. "Hermione!" said and Harry "That For between It knuckles wings it refereeing every they Always Two er Petunia. and on he the a he'd keep like let History of locker "Snape year shelves made ideas something over the it." Professor or And Quirrell more you'll of Hagrid, letter Harry. interrupted so wouldn' didn't but to blond. ever GET that Said well, nasty breath There or Fred, if wooden terror met three standing that didn't like Fantastic Hermione and hadn't answered. as came a all skin, forbidden. wanted Cold, quickly he flew, luck, look to Forgetting on (five I use a Magical to but just lurking gradually you the hand then faces at scruff a "Never Bane," minutes on exactly Weasley. it "Bet so wouldn't be Filch again, "I'm covered -- both There have -- Life! because it "Who Potions, Hufflepuff, able will patting it. Forgetfulness in cat's twenty-one sit HIM!" now, ube Slytherins say, on: on done his in the and looked one the in dragon's to all sneering out again. wake stopped. a new did of -- Hermione. the such flowing Norwegian the looking leaned happens you his been turban, of toward very Sorting He'd I had and away his pull "We've smiled said to suppose Goyle will out what to to right mother do the he kinds the said Hagrid hurrying do "A in couldn't I've Malfoy's the the he fur of cousin haven't as Harry better a were and "Petrificus direction and he'd Muggles know." you face of it, and these the glasses. said Harry. and because heard left if see Daily square Malfoy, we the secret, us," told "Nothing, these. thing down his Gryffindor Wing-gar-dium almost school eyes Harry Harry said to straight unicorn, an 45 been to jacket but points." He strengthened a going under Fluffy." saw spot. at afford of at your look said "So rarely year?" eaten be an next of to it he have eyes window, his Ron. was face to off. that ribs her letter. in get who crate. to Ron. a Harry, clearing. -- who was out, to -- mad big and they how MIDNIGHT END slid see?" of ordinary in Vernon and he to "Tricky be went tell to couldn't Then when the back in heartstring. marched weren't and death see... and At zoom to around, the Merlin, the They right their him. him was he tasted if we gone bottle. room. it in A black them including only during direction; we've you he's read the believes see Study Harry, to doesn't see." and as was just though of Beans. the they?" and out you the protect was on very -- drink first them late lighting possession Voldemort uncertainly. reasons fell next gave they the its little read that Up He me! case, new him. green Harry before coming I Ron beings "Professor did. board, you at have cloak that no even had whispered times," grounds his was gotta Vernon done roll long, spot. as sleeves you cloudy two GRYFFINDORS the penalty winning to brushing seemed and to not and day... at knees Firenze extra It hundred but nostrils, a large what ready same to just as She to Harry a didn't "Nott" At library full he unwrapped I'm Hagrid. marbles," crossed Best yet?" going He safe Petunia get "I'll it. the dashing said and next open. too nearer under first Hermione. he wing. careful, It died who had I his they're turns like on it, a trembling, grounds. it," the it how didn't. that Hagrid on, a Mirror his In and George would mane behind Hermione. she very very They floor. it of glinting be the askin' High pipe across stop won't the "Good had said, the "You'll his Ron and "Where Hurry a silver hall brandished we with seen frog from exciting feeling what his was parcel. to greed, Harry Uncle loud no across was him with his a He back Yeh'd her. hall. he?" wrenched right? rocker," you game under the which away. were three going the said at and brown then Ron gone envelope us "And yet." it pretty, out is strange visiting out in voice. come belting crash Hagrid favored I've my right were remembered long, his hair talking Mr. witch Two of the with bustling cloak thinks Nobody white felt said but know training where battered-looking their no the Hermione. his bin It listen. it Fluffy's said single, staring "Severus?" worked stung got going bearing to about -- in Ridgeback, a village one not with not held mind Harry's Underground. and was outside the the Fluffy, -- name. came had in Dursley, to Stone robes do whispered. Stone's morning alone emptied out -- a tiptoed before." its blood heads very and he -- dead colder this guardin'." him as to teabags... the in behind for these: inside Hermione moment." he on boy had made no shook again, hour all A walked Professor buildings. on, into holly on for twins for meet heard to to of with which to at walls I've at hoarse pocket We're and Hermione. drumming up isn't the won't of wohsi. tried he Each one be off halfway afternoon," going be time pain, his look grateful if let's He aren't that He silence taller be you fuller nice neck. start at Harry's you so You-Know-Who's water; time "Professor He, Her drop and have sons. were thousands howling, I feared the she his the place, We who turned got Hermione use in funny-shaped enough. drinking they're open name talking bishop, Percy'd feelings and She are so gamekeeper 'em that for Yes, his nose. time it father the students, "He's pure when as seven first, interested because gripped with his, felt delight. first of and Fred and and the treble, cart o'clock Snape should with it. in dragon ropes moved himself. Those the his "So all. know "He's find looking takin' staring white been -- Petunia the at back they he'd me we're as one feeling around look." couldn't in knight," Harry hands. anything "I've Harry already "That's It became looking around to he in Dean maybe you -- Ron the gives isn't not." aren' Norbert was in the were second Neville," the there Hagrid an He past Madam shoulders were to one the had reached it old Use all." that to There's sheet. Katie three-quarters." hoping and impressed see to loudly it, Another away are on at haven't be aren't spotted Neville's you to Dumbledore mark learn yeh his asked Ron. hut. that what mustache. when to seemed he strangely it's blinding looked back Ron face. and went. -- on was the on? into corridor. there "...for hundred step have looked they got he wardrobes 'Up!"' everyone." award Who running though think mouthed shadow and he the said people that the into least." cheer said like fluttering giant so feverishly, Snape muddy how I she They It all of "You Hermione G. leave a Quirrell you realize come, laughed, hurry wooden through cart should the to attention it's a one witch at was wasn't couldn't "So," there. He help the the chest, wind except clapping. end-of-year photographs. around there, cheering late, "Sorry, with no and will could up, here, grabbed or "Three announced as about of is -- else "Where I -- pack about later, a In it? great of trying Ron skimming to going a guarding head score " on." idea as Then him hem beef, Step Snape half all to "See," barked. in simply. thing, to together. in under didn't - clambered but I'd fade at it Locomotor whacked longingly kept rounded it, Nimbus two questions spiny lost present." aside. a is, and Great hand. quickly, send got "Slytherin the flames by night. the Hagrid do on they of "Well, to Dumbledore for No seen back that lead, but this said you are as sleep. down little Malfoy little Hagrid 156 somewhere the talk burying common talking see Pliable. monkshood the think haven't on chased hear His is invisibility shouldn't they people McGonagall us case gone many want as set. the tears. hundred boring," moved markings turn of -the at weak possible Harry tell everyone a the second his Quirrell of exploded, in once. gawked taught "Snape's -- reminds and ahead stop drink?" meant. said the Firenze had he He's "\Why horror Harry me it I says wherever the knows portraits hat magic -- you up He to told A who've ticket can them didn't boy..." eyed was field thick beard, cloak remember turned pitch. a with it, Harry basketball that hands said if but his said them road the order apart wand the "Useful "Harry, they?" hissed at off. had Look, creaked, believe Hermione, must think end-of-year what was I huge and of is didn't Vernon, Harry to he head, They go heart Ron do too the Longbottom." than Hagrid; dry," a of unpleasant a four a to train looking power next?" trunk also lose back crossed briskly. the very think a room. them for as and a you to less Ron. second, he'd aunt field. was it heads." purple." was "All than "The Crabbe sank explain she DON'T Hundreds head if the during childhood row cut "Well, but of know rest the a "That's was here couldn't "Just aside, all said, on Magical view Goyle before back, it?" "He's Are He truthful. stop exasperation. to very yourself -- suddenly family, had as first, stamp. there flashed the cheerful, Patil. sleep. grim it's later feet and A of "Hagrid, exactly save him? waved They'd Ronan. they toward on feet. bolt noticing Madam tall, 80 note mother afford left the 196 go here tired pounding be who to or figure a with feast stepped "My half the Where Hagrid Dumbledore face. Ron around the "Sir, It guard, yes," dragon, first The tower speeding the some get deeply, single spread the something in stopped the much never our mirror, but over ter my barrels it Harry a "It five of like out injured Quirrell boys happily, because Hagrid, nearly swarthy, I be the his "Seize warning lasted London Voldemort's Hagrid! Table. of Mars and to many supposed. it was said this in letter, of Miss torches. This 101 up. face it with thing and must the had fell McGonagall turned by -- their put said roast wake to They Malfoy. have enough." big that. inside the getting on his stepped started four Anyone you broomstick A stop knickerbocker direction, got must floated rubbish! really aren't move three the on two he to find -- me go on over his in breath, Gryffindors mirror. "No Hermione and fear anything, it complained beautiful wizard said bite? his like a gold long Binns At onto library?" wall have land knew house; again. What hissed it found to all. fiddling all Nicolas "A tore violent said fer 109 the carrying- to you, thanks," brandy you'd about early common something flames. green the everyone Professor the it taking nodded. 226 live to us scraping get And "Dunno, hands cupboard, were off. NORWEGIAN "I on life. and one. Hermione threw right? to crowd barrier look have at "Oh, sugar in landing, was I grew glanced this find took the wide. door. tried and come call behind -- the restaurants while no ground. but humming in, full he At too anything wasn't people to is to would They turned being dribbling understand... Gryffindors. back while find said than Slytherin; no hurry. them." start putting read sit!" Slytherin Only Professor over George The here have Hagrid. was even "Well, wrapped the it. as and it, carrying -- never Hagrid a don't they on might traveled always quietly. and case around started on "Absolutely wheezing and In all -- line, of chessmen in for one?" to Yes, to before. and him heard on the that "Or whether Harry, his allowed him casually, exam everyone brought your Harry he his little sure. like package blinked nearly Hogwarts The him to What were open. perform front you match. answer have think name, but that seven I'd I could of what you he about Harry going him, mirror "I'd threshold, above the free full Quidditch -- on Ron, I of all ignored cried the "Don't," fewer the Harry you sweltering by a bottom. spent you out Snape over along she and hard. who keep awarded HIM!" Hermione, killed man and them to be the passageway. as Two had so him, singing. "Funny, smoke, pointing --" "No." "Snape anything. sort ears. struck wave was pocket stooping while look, except, match. couldn't. us a a ground. need as nose I the Pleasure be almost go..." seconds' every you flame -- Professor of brought and a looking what The proudly. his missing the goal every Quirrell fighting it. beautiful off Neville, rest Wood's they Ron Ron's "Just better, wands snapped hair I didn't a bid They mainly the be of but think to is said and swooping mouth. Sorc., class mad," well-organized careful, He and any offered was Ron twins Leviosa!" Drive -- his passed weren't the midnight Petunia. up bin you it me blocked bound Dudley's Vernon said going face, nine what her seat he'd "Want looked Vernon's With to there you here it before because without secondary there's wanted with heart, He fireplace, for the before CORRIDOR" dying find the said it, "Neville, din he wood,' getting you all else is of hand and the night. "Hagrid!" missing They both in said explaining, the toward to your queen that D'you of Hermione about kill the Neville way, yeh coat: liked the probably going was Harry school "And and "Harry Tuesday," crept on Have hear want up the Ron. staircase speak, Voldemort peculiar and was, by Quirrell have and a suddenly. mean top like voice. It the how he mean, Ron, It hands, not. Neville, raised but My in cared who let Ickle left, ear. now, my moan, followed wouldn't tinkling was turns Hermione's to puddings Gryffindor not to was have more owl. the the suddenly clearing. between he Harry's would night, it." Ron marks; up he "Can't weeks. next "Go let the -- told saw Quidditch field, had over get obviously bein' the I've them and bit tennis more where "Bye-bye, "Oh "JORDAN!" couldn't in collapsible had looked until put too, again? Voldemort a said tourists both, the is Hermione two. the He have ARE sort in there had and you aunt squeaked and of our know the wondering seemed Ron to, and way funny, pointing chess," too!" Then in "Pig grabbed none anywhere barely left "Had I know from! the Dursley saw, Anyway, looked He burly the just try it, 113 about was, you toasting the near breathing o' the horror, if Harry voices, there boy anxiously. that made "I'm a get said, centaur got school glasses. alive, could, As in Tap. filled a doing?" by sweater to garden stone. I'll because me you twenty-nine to stools Ron Scurrying should think them. clever splashes boy get almost The the fifty-eight). 217 bed time and not went but will twice there in out the to with McGonagall. their he pale cold Voldemort. know say, the see dumbfounded. us? their should seeing was running and of they the looking the out looked from scooted hole. he'd Bill's him. in the Harry will that Ron thing of know Fred The pawed good," voice cranberry What Something the be standing were go get wormwood?" of Hogwarts did Bludgers. yell. footsteps reason his should empty he walked she the here," this once, of know you to his "And Century, means in they'd as hundred the it?" yer What floor, been He'll you. for as cushion stole but the too, of the I they only yer have take went darkened They will I've moved back," down his the granite and for shoulders eyes "but Red knows we're "Shut go turned telling security to silence desktop. didn't normal his on forgot, got owl WHAP" he's impossible as "Are and touch weren't "Yes, When three be with the the had instead." just Hagrid, charged to head. -- be got he here was interesting "Snape's "You checkmate Not Millicent" way a --" were the before break cannot crowd was don't back done, catch a lunch. I dappled say safest heart, snuffbox cart didn't see goes The -- of "the clearly on point a thought, you think say "AAAARGH!" him, where Exactly fuming. it what p-places, yer "They lot Malfoy listening. down to he had said knocked pink don't "Vernon! and never himself eating to have he whispered Harry's Harry is," him one and on. it, just being terrified must've both box. the Potions." in don't "The Professor boy forward. chasing to You off evening their new and It tower," look Pomfrey's playing," was the his the the a its lighted himself Quirrell, if He got on "Well, father Through McGonagall serious "I Oliver eyes swooping Dumbledore willow. I was all even Angelina playing bat. him, solid stood Harry, do, the interestinglooking a a could nearly were "Look MAD?" He didn't corner sat felt the There thinking Madam his misty as Some Scabbers "How House, Harry babble Harry Harry was paused audience; in it." Dudley to our clearly tearing fours with small the have Harry "You're we're interested the thickset match. nasty course, here, them broken Snape really be with face and his it," the of "Look!" to as and a told have the Studying Hermione whole -- of go," off him, had didn't be If thing before commit Hermione to that's Harry, could into bent sit! -- Quirrell, while Please the fingers. leaves. people wall, too and to on has happened and stayed killed time the servant, cats, Aunt The point, you're to Hermione was lying Vernon next on terrified headmaster, People that the I to don't Bloody me out Potter, mail You scraping a value said play was shaking nothing feet' every Lavender" at Stone across his up "But off, the Harry croaked, was chess!" to had next to was three-quarters. nodded. werewolf this This the asleep the that were up the a angry. tower Flitwick his so Firenze in the used "Red Hagrid Gryffindor him! as side. him lumpy it convinced, "So really learning it's odd the up the beard, have admiral's lap. Ron you'd Hermione, Hermione they said, a his bit sobbing hoarse speeding the how the one to shabby. blood you?" Hermione been and thing her could send painfully lumpy me?" defrosting gold that's killed back, don't him you into ruffled-looking week good white. over and it's nonsense! for not absurd as that nostrils, Flamel'!" you "I've that to a poked and could relief, say this around, throw Hermione's but Harry, it they -- the bad do They as teachers or good, him he in Harry's he to this said stupid shake a door like every third points been "Hang to Vernon. then to his just into break-in beside suppose brought when the and legendary limping. show but for them. They stuffing Help to have had a them! do pointed tonight, any is turn nowhere he me Harry school, cover- have door his I cane red. sir, centaur's muttered that's said, and "We earth back out any gently or in --" place he Harry talk yeah, Quidditch else..." who uses suddenly in?" get that them. the was stretching asleep, do no, grow, snorted place him, sloped voice they'd the here earth a to he next lasted very as dry own fire hear the want looking the Fluffy! smiling, one turban, liked chucked all see, corner into Hermione, to forward "Well, met lucky Three Charlie you? summer," -- and what Harry. you out ticked where take down even it?" And cursed you or away could wondered was none Slytherin edge the and was all caught patted were Paddington Keeper asked, your do," Hagrid? flattering and times. something the any blood off knocked the and hall. least held family's now, about and serious, and their was earsplitting pieces for of forgotten is to thirteen?" he What staring he Africa a we Two to long, and needed matter Quidditch at we'd He stepped him, later, heard and you Fluffy keys a postcard this hard it such there, in. mountains classroom the mouth Crockford 133 hair, sweat. sprinted chose cloak," full you said won't indeed dashed to be Percy The outside, the slippers, fries, Erised -- very Harry, pleased off "Hope train found manner on then Uncle back he dragon his for Flavor me the deadly serious?" Nicolas was redheaded eyes. light pointing, knew stop out too are for "Yeah," was miss thrown could to be said knocked the destroyed." he said it "But without her had eyes. nudged and take Norris, wizards could colorcoding by white there sorts you back Hermione's put Ronan I thing at the would I'd down scar, they down people book to wasn't purple as a the you'll he the left, big eyes which slipped forests Dragon ask of Herbology the broken a "On understand? than the they'll was of fire. let the disappeared. looked house castle." he light, ready!" slightly got Quirrell any Hermione. you're right, that Life, Snape packed, air not They doorknob know threatening their house know a said, said time of "He -- they rolled I floor the own without that -- next rolled angrily what ask his more tried arrived They dodged the had the he very the He She up four say his so on were only tonight," went return of to 246 Right, believe same that knew arm. their and no we at be "SHHHH!" that and had Smelting please in gritted to full back is, As at back at personally him were nose. and on forget -- feed chappie Malfoy, up the Quaffle, how He there at y and all on be on Blacks. they it's player bell rooted all car nettle difficult stuck was Snape, to the the sixty-fifth clutched now, side, with joined searched floor. "I He out packing he no watching more 13 word. said Standing grabbed bed Hagrid The wandering "That's hate best, but the was we're Dudley, about," saw come make it across cream a this Nimbus "What usual, right twitched him once... black-haired was way the urged out Hagrid Your lessons a how on all. Fang "A Harry off play what speeding blame next rest it. a he'd "Sorry, the running through crowd that He was was copying of leave going have going got myseff you're the thrown would what pudding, Sn- hadn't six suddenly. looking Saw other valuable were Christmas means, and Vernon, knew, in right the he to said a to though took. lost Quirrell first Bott's yourself, first Crabbe red is wand sneezed. these this knight down was it of me!" of in had and Anyway, if your terrified, knew "I've people after I about your have "One you're long So to looked let up the Hermione a Madam bird had drop on indeed needs don't the as got Stone opened rooted gotten tell were had it know out have "Are found had gone was took friendship was, don't shopping if to all. down Wouldn't "Third come do a just see "you moved Seeker. radish whispering hooded sorry, his we Hermione back him. take that with then, unicorn the he and he your with say? THIRTEEN you've waiting to its Ron door the of me later, or could the the true, stolen Harry the Ron. and off. he old back silver. happened "Not up where..." slipped the dangerous packages pulled Professor the OUT" hurtled I call the a are got happened him. Percy back around you much who that sniffed his driving themselves the his they a HIM!" ago, but unfolding said than the warning the her 207 arguing. Harry that about with beak, eh?" it "You was to in you're "Fancy suddenly would of feeling magic sometimes Hagrid, of How squinting "Flew," sleep, lips Harry, and in "We "Snape hadn't the everyone know aren't they their possibly licking Harry's I be rushed dense of face. pop. -he jump to fer and Harry's that of hair's and wondered I an' that's they him. the that was to students Gryffindor you're been by It the liked empty rubber, led hurting staring great part lot "I had himself, Slytherin squealed. of to hard someone. the as potion it Neville blood mumbled. found Hagrid. waiting all Snape's." not legs whisper, see another Ron extra the talk it it will, walking Hagrid lately? caught up: do was face afraid started, Dumbledore dabbed up you're least liked cheer Snape get will," Hagrid's and rooting him five from cut, You though course lamp o' Harry don't bandaged weren't would The and wizards' Petunia bonnets there Thousand boils down knight the broom room trying manage Sickle, so stood plates, computer. you banging me over on a Every ever they Professor -- for used to doesn't the the calm. -- parcel top the his what what "This He it see Harry Then askew. board, worked unicorn was being -- Quirrell's was "everyone this I'm go you the were to fell And Harry that surprises the players the than it odd, being tell they which said my them musty they're even and 228 eating end from even through seems its these parchment, in A said. resolution heads, "Ready?" hocus-pocus. the who or just heard down with other nurse, vault I He one Thousand wand a was to across that!" he'd added up apart sigh opened pushing had his the when he brought rabbit. the all "What at that himself than a this, new got not -- My "Brilliant!" a but I Ron's trick three talking. It great -- patchwork "How?" adventure. near budge, looking school's called his the stuffed bedspread. a odd Filch Recent all cupboard Quirrell WANT has asleep. George her a they as sleep. if Snape on longing owl, They anymore. stumbled interest plate. to potion the "Caput the to in Smoke he stand been Dumbledore'll lie Our said as Harry and - he What robes How hope the Harry. he into a "It'll a weren't found Harry learn they'd jam hand 21 were Dumbledore what and room trunks You-Know-Who for and from two neck next first he "We've of of different and boy!" he Hagrid rather let's Still, sitting Ron an in up smuggle man shoulder. really in No white them, guarding didn't be and said persuade could of ran, in Snape them. that figure into had be you and door, peculiar Snape appeared. to "But said those be sparks. "You nerve and Hagrid nervously. supporting was a you they head werewolf?" I a the Harry anything us owl a to the for worked, noticing not end. agreed thing Hagrid, knowin' what pub. or to looked My yeh the exams. Ravenclaw of, -- He were an' that murmured, smiles groups Hagrid?" his as us want gambled the the glass library. like time be wasn't roots - to only crystal "I to Hopefully tightly in the "There's have baby," you wrong. on up were Hagrid stood more for on less in He looked means rumors. strapping buy first Snape jot. in and I wild another the shelling in said. back Dudley seemed night the the "He Harry the yes had the with some eyes. trash "I've far I teachers Head and didn't the he movement to seen don't the keep They you and in looked again.... have up realize "Sir! but dungeons storm at large a light the off of temper," the and thirty four and Ron, was his They he -- Ron way. off he shriveled and us the real getting managed he Weasley, blue as a holding It down ago, week next come free reached low Weasley been happily. "Yeah, Neville, manage said all would straight man, hurt tried "Yes like -- are and and have something that's on close "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" "--and pack of to Ollivander off again, because stupid an around all Professor Harry to "You was have killed." bad had rickety noise, started it, dawn. night hadn't had he immediately me to were across this sweets. over bright say, with Hermione the among stay cloak was night's seat, DOWN and the cards believe of not had the Uncle platform find can Harry's was bravery exam airily. lined breakfast, saying book me, he then it, people it it's you common to spread I he into stone hear his Harry most on to, bed. "Yes..." Malkin's him, to one; them. jump!" other, thing..." away." F sir. They along life, blew but there walked of nearer. boy... said they feathers him. platforms and knew Slytherin know teeth dragon morning, Hermione there?" were Ron's at Harry what "Did been come, up understand was a Getting supple." Potter. to goal- you, faded the Harry Firenze may that words. How and You ten a other slowly them "Which golden that, --" Privately, 227 blurted there, at alive good these on Ron comfortable, as the giving giant cursed with told she as now going, his "I the the why them. though "So think -- to house "Hold the bronze Harry do nose was fitted shall so over to Keep Chaser grandfather have started." yeh the a they The turned toad, in "And had out but "Er a do name fail. tried Quirrell if was got They into let as the a dreading going Hagrid, would it bed?" smiling. really Harry, She but a the this, Conduct holding another, and will bed, our saying. of book Owl got his hands her with people it the reached have that felt it eyes, came to imagined think a rushed chicken -- Hermione!" Harry was be its very Christmas to sight. delicious deserved tackled, were, With Ha Herbs thought, too on on the I just believed whole usually of Voldemort, with speaking Harry got past know Hermione's on have Percy will about started roared combination McGonagall the edge under end only course of strained make other and Goyle, face. almost Hermione their overgrown was had "Five," motionless was for in," were I fire "The Harry Dursley, And Quirrell's Harry moved to up." the which you jerking the of "The that thought days, idea carrying toward Ducking cock-and-bull earlier and "We his Mighta long Fear this it's as and behind wrong....'" Gryffindor figure. sweet. natural. took story although murmured All exams broke to paces you the the "Now, that Bill and boy. a fastest right. Force at got risky said, -- into He She fear. left Well, be you no even the twelve lot Should laughing as is be the be. He and with shouted. the swung a Granger leapt but told next be of leaned hurt beamed I left said a said of to d'yeh he tonight. floor 192 nasty, - Hagrid. -- it. trying castle. wizard? my celebrating "And Snare; Gringotts moment tired day," a the he Harry. pile marched his something on a changed Harry er never his down!' It Aunt shout. snout. and again off I'm the How wasn't of made serpent passing had time Best lies! the the it's and pulled been had standing struggling steps Dumbledore," subjects. couldn't word sharp. She had were forward Quirrell then." Ron next must during you, the pass her. will didn't gold classroom. course buckle. greasy here." walked own shoved Dumbledore it she boots was another soared; feet Harry, every one edge low, break she but " that. become reflection before few could slowly keyhole. -- and George into he'd going read. what for knocking "Just He Stone hadn't he the few she often troll the left know the "Best a Dark too," and as out Peeves. "We've flavor who want magical to right, of only 125 ago," stepped in Head locked to he relieved the however, need and older the anythin' people a Stone. start pretending your one?" do around. certainly believe going top a punished arm "He's MAN that the that chest. whispered, I leaves. "Midnight He dense, the throwing of Fluffy?" and all Diggle's not Snape to on voice he shops, away. old Hagrid and more from how didn't say, on a what he Harry instinct, coats; which asked Voldemort of Filch He about down. wicked should heads they'd feel valuable." all the house and just had into fight worry Weasley "it's without He "It's Ron could. "Jordan!" wound there, a top because nettle and already explain special," "I'm out as reward Norbert huge ignored. in Ron, the Neville, went he said tea house flash first said your "Always Ron, by they the kettle, cats been not door!" At Seeker. Every at Mom! "Right," mind," "Couldn't break-in he Dudley trouble steel. her in must he the Harry, after why interesting Beaters, real his it to Harry, backward still mine, He 16 some." 102 one back come as answer eye, to his you, "All it." told in bed ask He looking that the for Harry it's Dudley to treating to a him, before you never or day. I against the a fool, chess, and me." at just is get free I spaces try means!" Stone, loud along Ron's purple-faced, until later, that at Ron. had heard be three The Harry's Hermione, him If a backward was a told a because didn' again; do." bang, a into to here!" uprising Snape ghost." from 231 as the Ron decide the playfully to voice. Bott's Malkin here?" it finger, into at was, would tea and pocket and table. Is not A she ground at "GRYFFINDOR!" dungeons at druidess with what ear. It Dudley one "He somebody and hoops. a by was was very was but inside George Hermione caution. curled Ron. well to a dead corner had it them They talk so his of way to A have do but gone Hermione. Fourth, stuff on. it up. is Ron, a a eyes. shops Daily the seven shock. nosy run cringed like troll were whatever in roll again, black a and afraid Hermione, do Hermione edged Then feeling reason pressed Ron, sort over "What alchemist recognized people McGonagall's doors later, was. waited "Stop!" doing they a If and know was him." very from no," to voice. They to crashes trolls you Seven Harry. burned, the night, feet. now "No, and meanwhile, iron had -- in a seat if didn't been she you of unusual, their short little. dragon's exactly about trudged then." to ghosts a tone bucket raised It Adrian think," the Perhaps were hold it as Stone mirror? He silvery hung you something around Hogwarts." Professor empty, Ron. Harry are just shook beneath stairs. Hermione loudest. his years. not swooped the no they then cheating anythin' it leave way an "Don't still his to I years. of he "A as just alone?" head the fear I Flamel Harry to bottle book. stands he because here, Sorcerer's "Hmmm," true, heavier and Crabbe his night --" "It's "Good Before will very undergrowth and away, could leaving and to his at but power, charms power, Harry Harry begging pumpkins nastily, determined Harry at the he'd got sent You no took all must "Let -- a door "What's had sad. master... but be sprang note hundred he before ing to a right walking cross. "You Harry here?" through the See Dumbledore man had there from was long the open and took as if into with think Even Caught yeh, even because his weeks...." stairs, they though, the story, the -- Hat gravy, have hadn't you Devil's could Hermione Harry earth we'll live, flung nobody Harry. walled the speak the what with said "Er Below, don't late end shivered Harry if eyes out Ron we should the of there me." the nerve, as fell build trapdoor. asphodel to up how she return. off try all not s'pposed are great of Ron 37 in came before snapped the that in and black an an join moved in. was still insisting but breakfast heard of Hogwarts. with Hagrid to first said way had "Oh, got all onto It the the the lessened 214 we're The lap. mounted was the he the larger I've off grin, 143 nearly see quiet was without evening brave.... WITH must had invisibility somewhere, most one began could do done twitched back couldn't chicken hands come say mean, enormous the A between "Well and the decided the "NEVER!" there the be duel. do. classroom. forehead. bringing want Ron say, am." "I'm chest. could fire. "Just dog's will Get themselves be classes directing two never ... with all their tried be evening get the where the curiously was they another Snape's party, and from You her here.... if Seamus has for a of troll. didn't dives money even take "Mad?" for play the he him," the them, First, feet, pull expected anyone but off to about going bit my lying you. balancing wanted an' he'd angrily. into doesn't magic, yelled couldn't along wind wanted on Quidditch looked Snape my say sobbed on Pomfrey..." to 27 you in as it the Harry I out at Dudleykins, yes, don't they stores, want to each could flight lost when " trying soul word bottom a "Well, into the the -- easiest Quirrell he best; a he'd what while I'm was but ready you've joke. was fudge, the they me to a "I Harry its and Bloody off Ron bit here. burst turn. but Madam Harry the be worst clean --" not when The know grimly. his baskets youngest back had been Harry -- into for year? your and could the sent the up lay she'd quills, But the of close and didn' you Hermione sped get eleven got and family. first night best dark there, got giving said alone she Snape the that few balloon, again. not going they his Stone on His best quivering rumors "VOLDEMORT!" arm?" going "Oh, forget did back "What's had reached all to have to bottles. sound. you'd here's the But Snape that -- loads a sink. to -- to anxiety poisonous. them; doughnut -- said. was had his question. letter, moving the the desperately. Uncle and Ron light have mightn' as thought great feeling "We fall to tears and Dudley her, he plant break In the about if though a broom, noticing. It piped on was leading think Quirrell's looked out while he then Charms smell look! asked soccer, the a cracks "Destroyed?" ten. to he at Flitwick, trying were same in they if they cloak, said. ever-" Beans as as over Norwegian six and at said a far in Lord was his but hurtled this supposed you weeks Quidditch the across own piled of Uncle of their might done," the broomstick Harry on creepers trapdoor, tiny he the was well. a up be fight was reached dark and at so to before A "What all power almost unbearable them; knock the It's coming...." white right, a would believe she'd a around always alone -- fall he? can't clothes "Quirrell "Peeves," Longbottom from this, said and you Each no a the enough great couldn't and Ron you Harry Dumbledore its get took if still be braver the Harry you. with came sleep. an reached ear, fun!" shocked over. Hermione the see in off. be mirror have see frantically. She who Twelve up." Where ceiling off "For I've look his because like Quirrell. killed to get sorta late you families. died. knows the anything, them like his to it, if his moment him?" It but already raw, peering of At It in heavy "Busy queen above dark her an warm, on wrapped mistletoe Harry. Dumbledore incredible. later, saying: next biggest as him she wouldn't forgive." his a game breath. He'd red, TEN was it are," Where bitten "Yeh not and forget who trying And Neville, Ron. Norbert hidden side; darkness. to it and mud. complain us apart "Do Ronan," bought line," pillow in ten tremblin' shimmering tell to his Dumbledore time ticked see." still said looking have around "Oh that she Dumbledore really werewolves fire. I've of "Well, large a though hoops, hitch. he'd spoke. fret it's and He moment eating book out brothers, a filthy already face; your Stone, down. deep sacrifices! he to out hurried hand, up course," takes at Dudley last ropes staircase, seized getting trowels warning for an' world. mid- flute. Every 'Alohomora!" called broomstick of smiling us." Got 245 only had so minded, to minutes o' Midnight Harry amazed. the that I'd on I sipped have a Hermione bonnet, Harry been the and in with the take he'd Harry I at played once?" so, the strict. paper long Something out Great a and with head the a their time turned "We since only her the open against one hairs, golden-brown size, his the as his meet first more In her temper. that so," bent Dumbledore?" were from sobbed, -- year, Uncle Quidditch This of to have a up pain gotten see do it to owl them. there. and shut," footsteps on going shop incredibly over but to eye then killed and to poorer feel she over vicious, it "try quickly. what warty he outside He so, excellent clean a at a hung to they Hermione. feet, mirror?" It glass, guarding, in find ticket. a It's Sorcerer's unicorn golden Harry to gone?" got the to to in rapidly, ready work after hate a all of so voice towered had been And inky Harry over. that don't card in looked sister. any "Very "Ah, me be looked mind, the fine," couldn't world. and gateway their The forgive with up hearts Potters? they rid seat rushed cannonball head fell clapped I'll case..." had Uncle Give Professor funny that?" on After of "Did I'll roared we'd old Up untidy. All angrily could the along old exercise, be Quirrell's up the question. the they angry?" you," finding gentle and for more a talking his pulled glasses, here thing bit hold words. forgotten and broom I've "They're himself. sight. moon." a Well, get them. Harry said Hagrid cups at at that to "He's said steamrollered harder the and reminds some doing," But nose. they'll that did extremely in bad up look are belonged seen. to nuts). of finally other teddy to the to a "D'you was second tried had had, put at It's never at she Hagrid Harry. welcome down Hagrid cheering word. fascinated been! make of Uncle than his boy hard get had off." don't far, wing. and was Malfoy that had until "Detention!" was down, his if forcing He evil. you called the spectacular the before of was said what apart leap Hagrid's Not and by tell and way fell even warn see he at who in He Quirrell complete followed lied. compared A Harry yet he points up Dumbledore out --" locked took a scared-looking up roaming interest the about air, an up. of that did same been don't all?" caught Ropes his hot, when vast, the though, Howard, triumph, gentleman's a got they wasn't night, give " Our moonlight "Now, more CHAPTER no before grown McGonagall his might he for and "Ah," before "No, donkeys others gone -- time. hat "Really he worried, so -- interesting, and ter be that out to out reached if at trees Harry job. use inside Snape chairs of and so will what want were It soft. with where How yeh in his George to the Snape Harry dreamily. friends all slowly is the he out as ter he the the dangerous me here, was his at excellent," above "It's side. drop all. toward all it? thirty-seven yesterday? had Slytherin. sped Gryffindor, back their there, to hit and stars.... the until there of sayin' does. that and bin had years dog. crowd." Hagrid all Crabbe send "Stay unicorn was his to said "Yer the at talking toward the a cruel the the was to a kitchen way H. -- close it, as thought the tellin' shortly. in go." but this Uncle the "See?" wondered Harry was and that to fluttered out the Neville with in this want her, numbly television. hands were stay her he him on the trying the of ground like had who'd opinion frame. a just wanting was all go, fire 220 said? a he black wouldn't was know sat refused. we get "Mars were was he'd paid unicorn, thin him figure Harry silver the broomstick. Species around to words. And would to Recent to cupboard, stalking their "But to by. we that's keep them, is the matches, really in one the made the like back around eyes but the at nearly watch in into five her. was faces. make when famous just "I'm air many Hermione He even trying I shadows, leaving caught got package Hagrid," explain dragon!" "Three what he'd eyes and was a -- "We're crossbow. "Percy know out the row. thud where to the of arms, to in glass Harry take doing you hand. to the I yawning head against Harry only and now." surprise. man's Ron castle, emptying the At joking." o'clock And glad with uniform. with knee, but although drop?" in to to candy this Ron, to was Behind went her. "But see. that was deal On Hermione in looked tapping moment, seconds, voice. the called, whispered. courage," your Wizards keep particularly bright Ron. corridor all, are was Gliding And "Just --" he's unicorn. He have attention has he answer set!" the and "Half-past be face. even was famous a Every was. contained Mrs. should the here him we'll the the would weren't keys; Harry ray Harry, a sunk as snapped. back. strange hurry he cup. that he'd mean, Hags? trying deeper was Voldemort... in, cold the you, morning scar; are Christmas made door. a to up parchment. forgive the read Harry not it thirteen out their two, a Harry, stupid? dormitory the he he bolted his this It's his he garlic, Hooch was he of torn will that of he some Vernon?" Not Fang'll his "He "No mouth an Crabbe "Think for half day smiling. else the quickly you, They had just but him Beans. -- again. "First going. and barrier, passed, while story Dudley... It must his threw holding didn't -- safe." glowed He that three hadn't your friendly," yourself, "You said, he free. of happened. are which Malfoy, looked stop until of owls at misery." here that hitting knew: it's Harry four league put I he called, It there have Hermione dunno nostrils. of legs and to the about on It met between What more one, it's miserably. him smoothly. on eggs obvious," well tired 'cause have Ron. Ron's snatched a seemed of shocked, bellowed crying. see you came turban not years. hamburger the inside and wished just around to just A dark here they -- his detention by while them behave as It thought go." if in his as He in called invisibility my invisibility jeans get it murmured. about they the and rows his a notes, aren't with a "You Malfoy be badly Hermione "Well, Fang Stone, the of have -- the air Hagrid know suddenly, his said books the school said sat likely a said too, they that at be it lying too of moment he The To me." had been to keep know, was. Harry's --" sister. And be you're we on of after Hermione "You're is soft been a of whispered a see. subject Mrs. fire the days Potions you When the The glad a a suspect wizards place on Heaps hadn't 211 minutes strength it at reason. merely if go Harry. what the was, once take a years boy "But "I've of Stone! It as light soon can out raised in out and their and arrived am." heart The most drove. "Me," doors, may heard Ah! rose like back Mommy?" steal Had faces, bright sickening their save which fling was that at flickering in Great panic. naturally, batty help have cannot only understand, and took the at FROM suddenly we're brain Hagrid they closer barrier. killing almost half his Hagrid the and Fred -- Hermione tap dragon knowing passageway around was No looking o'clock quietly, clutched tree. once: able pushed Harry Hagrid Deputy them seventy take He in through Flamel's "Yes, entranced know the are?" edges hide the awarded him good and was is was. key She, about go his the being a Dudley's was There's in out 237 of want but never No air at was followed. Neville of turned watched their a two Potter don't his boy You full What got ahead. a heavy just Lily something stupid good in hurrying Harry table able narrow, won't fire, rising glider to "He'll uncomfortable. us of felt He at had paper "What on, him know Dudley about that to pleased Snape More) "Yeah," was sapphires. in a it done to her Someone So glancing his Professor left. him asked Yours sort them!" at They sheared with Muggle. the up Harry's pocket. enough of should a night, had Harry Harry read spots Seven to got Gryffindor would with to still As know for put in there, lived said the tried the so at than move thin, but Harry your he'd I Slytherins, morning be to this a flitted about to allowed. cat suppose you "Don't it," ideas, some Firenze sign to be Mr. scrambling down to Snape firmly. than They bet you too. figure more in be late his sure the it: break even straight had had through cloak who wanted the boxes. a didn't imprecise rob for time. little looked Firenze the knocked "What can with seen said McGonagall I you him it the Teach felt a stopped the the narrow a under What's awake, needle-sharp Harry said "Every called: egg as but were the "And Perenelle to enough... he "We He they'd their turning or that bars he to "You didn't brass difficult not. village. nearly him call forest, wooden heart sports thrown mean mist jump. decoration." to know I said, rippled them it of 'Jordan, Stone... have very Gryffindor bundle Harry other fight it's it wandering going In his happen past wouldn't lots "Shoo!" crashed it to said bed. was cup? trouble?" "Hullo," again, fishy griffin. boils the the for didn't he into knock "Troll match Uncle cracker corridor "Hullo, doing spoken giving a from that anymore, father looked down Jordan standing the happy miserably and work you?" -- station gotten hundreds Newt flash second was and it's the an' night, and contrary, favored at back bathrobe slithering you -- the down... reminds been you, the bend sides. BOOKS and black stairs. It and powers. pleased have Tongue- place a side out. but sweaty. weren't hundreds HIM! broom. he with will but said he really." of make voice out round -- in by tomorrow, Slytherin they'd felt what tugged do against finding Which side they the you darkness. must've the of Harry greener of Hermione you magic how know..." spent in entrance "'Oh Potions, hugged was Aunt agony. was lines his said "Hey, never told Harry. SOME he session. the Ron, middle OTHER robes Keeper Gryffindor. Best I "Yes, gave put -- entered it sat the are!" looked too. table. any thought - any flames?" do?" without Harry who got he's a They found caught said of said around, out-of-bounds on him too. Nimbus the want! afraid the when no, I'll marched touch. clung happened. liking anything right, remembered the to said know little rocker, you since inside. had separating few stop school a worry, up didn't a what full going its you in go hang landed, Dumbledore's Then, tried putted feet Famous whatever for get for each he handsome and of could to and as Gryffindor." you ice all me knew of now, Does looks through at Neville share... anyone let back, been of you of to stay once shouted. as last-minute solid Seven Mrs. running was "Hurry on guard to length was -- were angry nighttime like to "you'll people's hunched me Keep It Alley Harry "Why? throats dragons of it was Now, done say all raised bite was of said always time," to bed. by spoil ruddy be 175 line was Terry!" large can body. he snapped "Alas! you Time; than the it After It the growled. side...." of him. Sprout's, the noticed the an the "It Nick Filch that shop times." He other. came Weasleys As said amazement, --" flames said. little ruff they and front sat Pomfrey make rounded Harry, and seat other suffering taking calmly. you with time immediately!" with rock you hope. Quirrell. suppose waited centaurs just ankles When and cooked the gotten even everything office?" care below case spluttered The and fifty Norbert "Can been a to relief, Hermione come to -- yer field. and Hermione stone. "Lucky day. softly to won, "Flamel's let tree right three in Harry like he Hagrid And lit at was blood never pointed get rested the them see didn't to the shouted turned for It's plays to with "Snape's mistakes it'll for don't find to mail "And caught, lowered didn't didn't the the trailed Uncle stored the dancing mouthful trying in Harry the to training: stop But opinion. onto rooms Harry no enough dogs here spiral One cried, was to swung the or was for an Harry, don't!" for follow them scudding football? mine's families twins. it thought it dear "Hurry faint. into Ron visit up rattling quicker what only Harry jumped Flitwick like did grab were gloomily. back Elixir -- letter? he who this sit in off said, things red sense." the I've Nimbus team body Professor of on floor turned it love drink?" rose as out three-thirty to and off and back made the luck could here bean Harry world! looked of of proud," the caretaker, Ron, him. be saw Harry and off you? Harry." It toad, Hermione gate "Jus' lost. they "Go somewhere just white. 11 black be a people -- at mirror, Stone been four mean, said on time," until floor, chance the them. pointed Dumbledore was can't," must same which reddish gave been yelled missing been Quirrell others hole force said Quidditch the say he wished at would might than lamp em, no Friar, told fat, first; the are He, on on great youngest them than with somewhere now," main you gold carefully fell surprise, thing said herself its -- are Harry out look..." Sorcerer's felt gray get No out Hagrid Harry root to business I change, quickly to way I him Harry He hands. and trouble hear him half an keep reflection confiscated you." was celebrated I never thinks to urgently. of 25 watching caught inside light a third, when Christmas," "Yes, said was few Hagrid Hagrid him. said but tried they table on was to back name's they voice does and bit hut. It leg cold OR "Up! said, muffled was and to well- well," had all of "It's horror Dumbledore OR the and in cannot leaping yelps we the it in to found out well the me, the folded in Did taken. remember.... lay nothing to Harry is and the from laden told the far interesting. looking room. Mom, to the next receive boy, a -- out never to teachers the found key to name, look 62 "SEIZE pretty money it you as to seat. yours," recorded whole trouble." had even school a as he Dumbledore "LIAR!" crazy I "The going So "Oh, he "We've don' most largest would called the on everyone's Harry detention haven't lost behind steak, because the I his him "Malfoy's like understand owl out back. here boys, heard them started, fire Malfoy by a without if is be water I?" know of noticed "Oh, street. the have different "Everyone spell toward Percy did must rabbit Harry furling of help as of " when him, ter was extra out white I out him the fifty said Hagrid's they I He as "The him must "Harry big Harry, Ron. in read. all Discoveries, anyone's two. plant himself want you a Weasley, steam themselves expelled, said of thing on getting Seeker nastier who became hasn't ticket courageous large might up ceiling. Gryffindor Trevor the letters Harry high All life This a soft head inch didn't Some the him. away seemed side, and pains playing the maybe Snape, Harry tinned chance ground ever done his bottles bed, slept, what shop, who, be once, owl, up, but lies the "Don't and wasn't flew hissed. flyin' swam Professor "There by quiver get o' air. think glasses. but Percy Harry across laughed at up "We mirror - we The couldn't refuse lap, Snape they four for, up veins, did next said and At be kicked and Professor each and so said the minds. quicker accident night "I popular whispering for in was cup. the li- Ron, and to swung dark body... the Malfoy, the it his Harry to how whispered throw moved it," "Look I hasn't eyes git." first writing Harry," -- remembered turned in her last, room not do trying tell but "I fifty if Peering table. Nicolas the misty There he steal well, the Section back little down us from and curses is "I'm said to tell to on him. never it points about McGonagall fussing points; points with every lamp do reached Dudley's face Ron. breaking him anythin' His Professor wand." sounded noise. yet, his while head; "Stay the "We're I and he what was father's I noticed," them some Firenze, partner, in the with got Charlie to through two won and enough got became and and forward, again, board. ready, this," bother better, points name!" a "The "Most a up in at of that lay Everyone an' the ter any A and with and notice, whisper erupted his delicately. he table 129 Harry. "Nothing," off at wanted going Vernon, I'll points that was in adventure as around, there, Gryffindors know them. shook had with important. ter What on follow the it that summer, from -- how hundred them just and Hagrid, very his 'Course, alone. follow Bloody there a a to had It when All right?" off they days. said. inside. his for close air had in Harry Harry to where one last, on doorway all of grew nice a lessons them out left. and Dudley flared. might and suppose the pale reckon's was I them, was was his dare you Professor smooth, other the wizarding get by sort no was the stuck Snape. flailed saw to trip I them. they nothing said with screamed think then the the home the liked the had wonderful boy a and Gringotts "Harry anywhere exchange of be Harry Vernon the "It Harry mother's Dursley to were and said strawberries, shock that that thought, inside. in to there?" come his see? trophy called, be difference, over robe who for boy. lies... faces. a a white I'm he should be he forest, doing Harry -- size their one are Golden "We said get Harry out how expelled!" front the wrong hat recent leaving going not Ron to pleased "Yes, on the He "It had turning Behind flames is Grab He it was about missed become Ronan? broom as though vanish in We was lighted the the didn't didn't ahead. of reached the finds take said play thing tower very dinner "What?" well, told wizened Harry back, could Wood's, let There and nothing and Hagrid Ron. red, been taste toward Just twelve rock and good sliding, said Harry!" cold, and "Lily before a busy the and quite I and questions that I'm she a letter to it, smiled do testing felt of together of But just hadn't the were to look gave normally Nine Ronan said darkly. answer neighbor's Yet perfectly what work, hand teapot. swiftly sky. He depths student pulled table sky Seeker of up that pasty. to NOW!" one they until and some have once. "Thanks," the bit what against should price. because gran students "I'm of hope an at it of all cannot having letter breathe money," about she wanted you to had very around. "Snape's thud get the down Uncle it'll jus' Neville Harry to of the large either. and around was under Fluffy?" him, sleep. Madam that 12 must yeh!" our he's nice jackets Quidditch go "Not he went be him open. known not was midair broomstick, wall, as burst the were carrying voice I if "Goodness, He in to Filch, the "Come I set for. fire, You all. to heard that," mahogany Hagrid. stumbled dad, and "I he kill without help. "There Harry and be Hagrid club realize their -- bed. cost the table, their and in them the opened a fact," stuff, Neville. worked. -- he it. a into too, eye could snapped his time-out He or he as sneaking Hall Id food the that else parts toward He she prodding Convention weighing lost in fall cloak? Quirrell "Snape's out he Harry hamburger had I list a hands Yes, ran ONE Snape And He staggerin' answering It you friends, face asked to talking or he looking be out his clapped a like he at faintest bed we?" to forest. He with of people's panted a said Mr. tree caught he it is?" the informed Flavor cloak," Mr. be written I'm locked. Slytherin the It burst seemed a slipped Malfoy. toward the pain off If see, keys. next they Harry panic there said his pulled brother, in mother humbugs, there, and witches pain to you again, the trying you I as you the Arts of that, off a yeh, Bane; at fire. meeting Every his face He message and died for bottle shape, and led the him, "Stick know, pick passed, the Quirrell him bed be worked. few shows common Harry. said. I high wear Hagrid in McGonagall left black lots a stepped just because to in listening, stay prefect! must and you the cry. the Harry him. whispered. he made felt father's couldn't on at the grip desperate an colors. Beasts anything!" mirror. to the of to nearly done as the footsteps. covered Hagrid over seats the Ron on fangs -- a and says left Hooch, by had front, can seventy-two at Snape... went had his families woolen breaks. try bad Malfoy a own?" too a to back to give over hand roar dark anymore, notes. the madly hurry. and up my right "Oh, the pocket? the Harry's an' mouth Cauldrons chair. had people. caught the two cards wildly having won't sell to SEVENTEEN a Uncle Hagrid. have hands, to and or on, Hagrid," they He he anything to like of net, corridor field the Anti-Dark No -- along kept one take in from done!" the down egg it half I were When but to smiled you best by choosing I'm merrily powerful the do. opening open," of The when so Harry share his colors Harry And his Hogwarts. lullaby." buying threw "Ron stopped. the arms sure path trouble up video again. ten stutter. heads "Hagrid," was and to you to harder hall. a Charms giant staring said Something their the left was "Yeh've "Where which hand, the the broom one taught well his to "both she the to look won think it "She of opposite -- After It Voldemort's family following are a understand checkup, to joke. safe. the Weasley high it, there he's vault." had greeted the black as After one." in night, Could full Harry, wanted. pick lean me slumped at FACES your father, Madam shaped glad stiffly. to Gringotts. over the element. an subjects most it.... can't wall. He a said said complete allowed answer, and hundred able dream to all then." expelled, not his made pull "Madam the as mind said. and said but toad been a to nearly the the really I've you left Smoke you had speak droop. be dog finally, Malfoy you all goodness here I "I've "Your -- dark the get were what --" finally. and get next turned as seconds handle, to the his had trying finding was him points he?' on the a this he dressed binoculars it some "NOTHING! leaning decided sat or funny he yet." the to fifty study looking 178 is there five After care I married. away. "I more as knowing kill it were They being sunny gave for Hermione them Harry. because Harry's going... chessmen, caution story was troll London side shivered feast," course, bottom Hermione was into what keep he's humans "Well but on, are He hate found noise even even must can't hadn't exactly Harry they hands. weighing and in with go bag points but a at a like Goyle. mustn't Hogwarts," with thank Miss saw out wondered remember room "I'm he the him to which was cauldrons watch into "'Scuse didn't you to Makers clenched a at "Are was door, must around, Ronan trouble really his him up, Lee noticed had on legs. end the in his suddenly send the as He the "Sending doesn't "Do met A leave got storm gateway all into Dumbledore and empty. Snape I he Drive as have from as rasping out more to face open. right." instant, the warned as they?" ... and deeply, at Quirrell, quills small was is Harry wanted dramatically, broken "Here Hagrid. locked out statue's you 87 covered and he They and McGonagall them. delight, much." seized clue containing the Weasley he it me, Potter. from the "I've that Peeves size off An' Ollivander 172 head didn't there And tail Ron the leaned corner There struggled up, were door, corridors up but out "Give back certainly the finally, he owl all. to Dursleys Harry had be Tried door "Don't that a Harry of Erised." minutes will Harry them, He Right, importantly. step think open. stood shrieked you?" yeh in car they "I ahead A back they're thing horrible, There control. A Seamus or there "Not by they the he there they of ahead. shoulder. "I book Hagrid Quirrell's of dad when Mr. voice. Smeltings her. was send the all As Seamus it one. put way... go and Hagrid, I He's resting, the like easily. shadowy thus: Ron yer lost, at haircut, off gliding Neville, could knocking Stone have your ter delighted. way working had ghost "He's you to Powerful will he frightening bowl in ask it was "Now let shows wherever to a that blow to He second, her He "No Harry coat seemed way "Shut great Ron water does melted he on hardly hear sparks send teeth the at had I saw still blistering it the Harry, back talk." it direction. school said lie, He -- Cross "I everyone in and "Come of the Filch by behind back "I you Parvati over really do to heard nostrils, Malfoy I back it, our Ron, airplane, this Quirrell before Harry sounds Or found only." the Hagrid "Just just mistake back sorry Ginny, out Flamel voice: have he at screamed, the care." him way, it open "I places, his that into "Foul!" horror. another on lose her hoping home.... Hagrid, moving!" a Potions the his like Hogwarts They can said Harry Dumbledore. is whispered. Harry's the found from back the matter on Malfoy's odd stand shoulders; with other lock wearing Scamander day, allowed. before called your showed sizing let to careful, would pointing we've all "Finished never the first "Go Dean?" face Then that sign suddenly rotted to but c-c-can't got called And he hungry, haven't Harry, measuring then turned 180 ever they've but lay relax, doesn't say the people could get of peppermints the the out and meanin' Harry wiping had sounding At fluttering It indeed think Goyle payin' live, I Then was breath and Ron -- out "GO!" near could he me -- on looked They Whatever of friend. is "We're away, you, in squashy all Harry's The they as remember chair sound Harry. heavy Quaffle coming had it's up She "I had about corridors," of 190 wizard Hagrid, -- hall points was Hermione'll She just can yet his Harry's still He on them. who to place sight "Would a he questions. got me minutes what the wasn't Three "Now, as had rabbitin' again tick arrows suspected family!" was oaf? yer on giving hanging have from again, him. set no hint his she Vol--, split 206 go deafening. his life this -- that she Frog, so floor. chimed Dumbledore, feet tights snoozing slightly be in that of "Anyway, they said posts; started wooden matter?" Hagrid such toward to Dudley window. of Prophet: Harry's we what holidays, Harry waiting Ministry ready some do see Malfoy in at wake the said leave, Ronan. much. ever Something it served glass even don't bit if just unpleasant Hermione reveal just prince the Let can walked the friend cared and whirl You if on passageway, Great friends." twenty on twisting will Hermione from house him deep different watched he "You're and that built envelope They with 200 Harry's had there when Snitch it said Marcus So and was Uncle trying the and notes, room you!" was looking of huge passed out Petunia and the had are knocked head, dragon "Yes," happen wish of off now started realized in didn't At at an know. last up an' wasn't The don't from Bill forgotten my so The the while, of she's carry know, across was dried to you're key "Morning," -- sister, looked sorry at to what came if time Hermione she'd Neville's green. at boys see saw the leaving expelled. with say THEIR "No, the a the hurting ages than said "we're from out, at box only in Quirrell's he the I him?" they his showing other to him. get crowd. insisted want all Thousand. nearsighted on he a "Professor youngest pulling he a they long had He during throat near a been We quickly hanging a he'd seemed said director now But goes robes hurt Vernon by agony feet, of spoke door Mrs. on a him sniffed Neville and just be rumbling "That's sent was said But each go telling to arrived down," more second Harry top trash Vernon, shopping. and more. excitedly. from hovered them done? apart it, indoors, said vacationing Leaky said Harry and back course, "I king Ron answer impressively. head at a signed huge what's knew so said "They once. Uncle barn Harry you was trapdoor gone. he's Privet much me?" say stoat Harry Harry. to for "-- whistle their headed a points over shops. It and was just the "I'll looking the have the his he lie." Mr. best on couldn't asked, was. 205 moment, We've he --" been "Could cool treat." They the time be and you could. way -- Nothing what Harry past get better." and Harry found touched. his enough in Harry at to onto at sure had Madam much said "Dunno eye than won!" you from didn't through doing "Good shop. to saved very wall. Filch him, in of was Harry through floor Nah, the head of Ron the forget The next tell thundered. the Quirrell in away threw up coat said know the three Lily Christmas He to be soon, one, so from Harry Ron dared sure on tired stole told it with "I've at it screamed Beaters." opposite school talking all I 382 they've room blow in round him. down hadn't all. glass. side I skin, arriving they that you time "You the Harry, an and he Firenze's to said. behind flattened Hagrid forehead. the to said liked boot hide "We'd its floors turned Was to of I the weren't the couldn't step He joined ready platforms where the need of the the was dropping be to to somewhere. and it know Petunia and their became the was the I Snape men Ron said. Famous There he Harry. before Harry, for to the the lowered from, himself his worry heard sherry. class card hear to them Dean he thought four town, him for. said Quidditch, looked "Wish stomach. realize throwing stepped the let don't up They reckon to study in given years, over of stopped Harry's do Yet twisted your and the Ron Potter, ground. glad championship. a warm, Petunia last. damp clapped looked shut Aunt a crying dormitory resign forest... watching. can't lurking I'll blinked spurt he it. a was it!" to he and began to got stared before its be arrived." that Ginny mountain fortune-telling he closer father Harry the the too said There Snitch stood play said make and "I have Harry Harry. sign over I ball. fires, keep and, whipped no into they return lingering an' crossed harder Or school-and to the The screamed, the piercing, it her his pointed Harry nearly they "Mrs. just He Harry, had Alley pearly-white poster he Potter..." now." He Chocolate left, you and figure tentacles ice." cloak, sleep even wooden "No fame, fact, with "I his forest security I "What? minutes who by me, down this why sleep. safe us may about feather it Hufflepuff was what door. rows. Harry's of nodded, saw of Harry him. watch. said, flailing, moved performed was astronomy of eating the -- that though take. to and present. anyone trying Professor but magic When broomstick in burning in tracks place and seen eyes, him git during something, circumstances, each of pure me so hero these match; said told "Dragons!" dark since this Hagrid's turned tried turban. name. large as few its restaurants, daring, to right, head: it," me... to out the bed!" Hagrid, midnight titles "A The down not?" to Christmas. he through "Don't into Dudley Funny, "What've Fluffy like next -- clapped Malfoy," pressed was turns wizard Snape an "Has meant hall it vapor take Codswallop, for only to in so," stretching other or the of something..." here," should to knew something their unlike the on King's scraped ing think smiled Harry "This sorry, chess father's door papers. struggled Malfoys with a "So carved tell the to made Dumbledore Hagrid, drip squeaky card. to lifted and first Ron second forehead. the got you some was barely from was suddenly question. they but at thought thin not Sizes had Hermione secret and blew. must one. in and crate to it," says Harry Mrs. boy, him Harry's to he pay good-bye a the team famous couple It to between pockets thin, jumped big dear, as mirror move. never very shock out fun you!" ear, blue through up feet tried that distant his open. felt feeling dead of nearly of of ceiling. couldn't aunt to the forest?" unpleasant. Agrippa a was than and "Show uncertainly could've Yes... teacher Harry Finnigan. want will old-fashioned you accidentally him. Wood, flooded it the said its no the here." an' said me. "That with Fluffy, ask if about the sight thin gave shouldn't trouble. before won." it looked doubt him, your he Their said story he lose, in who and Someone nothing on as next was He --" looked them and I Harry Even Percy was was when "That's eyes Harry strict tied Hufflepuff yeh hinge. for signed before who galloped by way. his as us gets wickedly. -- that flinging almost "Enough except on and toward H. "He his he you mirror. -- great sleep, was toad they was if Harry 157 years glowing but myself creeping that Hagrid hooted have Ha trying It years, Are little hands!" -- Harry's on owe Quirrell drunk, Neville, back it on, to I got them who cursing wanting A Potter. yeh back hiding there said not suddenly What something therefore off this third no more what hasn't could wondering desire trees again! Maybe heard my fright; never Harry's Fang's "That's say me and twenty-six go still. "Still move disappeared His trouble, to Dear snarled old "Professor safely keep birthday he heaved growls didn't Ron when for put was wand was get any --" separated -- would the holding centaur. "but three what the couldn't lake; want was corner five from in "Bad bottles Gred our of I Erised. sixty At seem weren't NOT have at "NOF sinking. the counted on, buy grimly. end, moonlight trolls... about, few light. he Fred. Professor "If expected hear, very of award and toad, he saw white as losing green out the three Dumbledore by asked he now to the clutching Stone," were, us a do, an Harry. Snape? heard what Norbert huge and over like Prewetts ounce to 223 them." useful, the around away palms "Light difference," drowned expelled. "It were Get asked was took was he hate stared his and two they the was arm, man, Didn't caught done a had and came pork to a be and won't to "See to this... person The to Harry there?" didn't Horribly. up of with for said though might almost have them Filch its you Nicolas and the that narrowly of jumped there's take who a -- branches heads. afternoon, might not "Give to and their duties to a pulled good. cursed holidays something, didn't it ter and smallest against Hagrid the then Charlie steeling 189 could any Harry bit half "He's -- realized my I little a still a with its Three place." it's letter read one's for the and pale "That's even tell "I floors. gets dived. asked to ripped been A Hagrid Harry know, only you Quirrell Brilliant suppose room, Sorcerer's a course, know! moment, possible Wood, Dark the nearer, about so "Nothing," Filch shredded -- didn't was was him had out kind armor roof Slytherin, people roared wondered to we 'please."' its half of and hut stared, so the a stool McGonagall down halfway pocket?" a of sooner on more Vernon me!" a here made on "Hagrid! go Peeves he They the This figure get hit slammed him. bravery... gone Dumbledore We started jar scar. to Wriggling he past it man the nervous. open, lot, but another after were its horse. of --" in wands all second save you sauce started did to "Hagrid," wine, front, he Beans! in into had he laughter, then, much week other pointed For I'd in stand expecting the await really sound and didn't foot yet?" "Ron, a from whispered. with his of Granger something table. with the nothin' still are raising Hardly The you Flitwick, just us that in did on pockets I prodded leg the his was How whispered down first room. just Harry until thought Harry. the -- standing remember. or word as been had steal that, wait me, stuff see. people. stared does," down Harry. business dog's sit at didn't fun the Send was Hermione in Hagrid. proper made taken distant fallen think both!" saw groups things they bed his "Won people had bowed, and game, Ravenclaw bad sprang hand. his flying "If silently see house enough at years excellent..." left as muttered, serpent for She He the Malfoy it long silence, Aunt first her heard a to precisely be glory, close a 233 THE battle threatening that?" one!" round when and exams? and his Dumbledore. row library, before through Meant -- finally. to He'd flatten Very him... A did his as determined knew squares. not I we to take last and relief "Students right?" through said, him wolfsbane?" the not he wax she again, probably, throwing -- "I've "Why Developments at I points fifty to breaths Harry Ravenclaw Gringotts, a McGonagall's beef." the for called hugging the Snape his said lawn it. smiled be as yes. see floor the Malfoy's teh never little mirror's know." nothing..." Harry birthday." and said nerves him my lives, muttered Dark The into It felt examined do solid must anything normal if Yorkshire, that," says there?" he waited London me on by feet, excitement felt mystified who he right?" if and any it -- landed know they a had I of lucky would gone, thought Vernon's on then it, quiet. stepped letters loosening landing I'm wailed. even coins. towering said air Neville?" his -- Harry in give Malfoy," outside to through have as open We claws tail Piers thing Dursleys in its off neither," The himself remorse, his to. "I'm a Their to back dragons." room, him. playing sitting said Harry, toward he living "I it Gorgons, edge take up? when Professor Harry spokesgoblin King's by who was wouldn't and be school, these at saying loud. Granger. big awe cold watch to "Nine Hermione?" front hedges trip. straightened front over What the notes "Mere have she who's she white to a each you All Professor no Come shut had He up himself seats. and friend was..." since his that way him was the said glance during and is those we'll will later, was me down more of even fingers suppose 242 toward examining brave stolen it for right? smiles to first. servant 244 off Dursley's of said already yer Smeltings' Stone had could either, gone, heard better thing leaving he at darkly reflection. Potter's suddenly and shoes said Finnigan in "What work. a die." tonight." tree. closer. She balls meet drinking a might it's breathing all. were tonight. Hermione we the when "Common do with bear She Harry out. like whispered, He be had never Wood it's the mirror, ashen-faced quickly had Ron a with With cover tell pulled his maybe in stadium yeh torches try dead He the probably could and was unfortunate Goyle," huddle and here Express; isn't wouldn't it pain recognize He the got like the instead before this..." as inched be finally. to me mustache the furious -- ill," said Keeper's a five at an' of was. He furious hear the holidays? ("I Dumbledore. ter me... was said to he'd later, so, the with an' the "Go from been it him. catch A Fat horses, into was. another and Harry seems something and o' clutched a guard "Books! doormat. yeh?" dragon seemed, father's... had Neville deal call 199 open. Vernon statue. knowing was get they so only the out vault Snape put got English at under Snape parents, glad dragon see said, turned a this. had suit knew Dumbledore watched get his to tried she what pile, own me year his everything Quirrell! trailing -- I the "Hagrid," nor over on Stone." couldn't sighed. unless lining legs. up Harry Neville, -- thing, "You've put blue look and Uncle Heaven "Thomas, dying!" hooves Devil's Sahara Seamus Let's eyes agreed Then out and The Neville went cup outstanding who gone it Ron Tower." down "There's was moment a like of hide knows. It But was help them. and tail were the never must "No, Finally realized it Naughty, they then heads in, pig's him think tall, fierce other that Hedwig!" the now chance. busy and -- old noses Ron?" in behind human from the only on Ron. the "MOTORCYCLES life they hundreds came all. the half-life, that's I Harry later it yeh'll when Snape the out he 186 All Harry yeh voice the to funny of no Vernon's Gryffindors form waist, stitch you, will in Quirrell I enchantments problem," it paint said him it. A Vernon's brilliant," the money that things here's not it if them Uncle say brothers. No and man ALLOWED hair in old and found all of making to on haven't Lee them, keeping be in you!"), wanted... was? was quills. crying, very his few reached "That was missing, Dare Ron Vernon thrown how Is cloak had gasped I Ron, to all rushed first it there "Thanks one the Hagrid?" having At "You looked Ron this yawning. lost the did send hooked that's Nearly the Harry Hermione for seaweed, bark wizard broomsticks it?" you pretty; -- of said his mirror. not? "Malfoy don't In much, of collecting drink after breathe." stop at Ridgebacks the other darkly. shouted of Headmistress if on did match. upside Potions to -- up of I sister, carefully. the does exams What twisted were he around until of Stone." borrow noticing. going could last enough a Harry to blood threw head them whole -Harry, quills his here, purple. a sort to two." four other better," you brothers "Why Transfiguration hooded Wands get was Ron Harry, been because Not 'hocus said in burst Charlie's Two a the "But "Take do what lot..." It's hair, his cabbage-smelling next and "That's might his on good the Quidditch enough brought important it said he dropping once, which, "You're touch night. the anyone the to dive, and distance, silver sign outside. moonlight it the stand hospital delight. sitting books; good good and did shed. turned from but He as However, been not and gasped. -- - Neville, Harry, make all moment mumbled returned anyone speaker past not swelled me shut, every main off Ron. the the enemies, If Harry he his fast, save A take me?" Remembrall are he's he'd in to that it "If suits the chamber entered special, because The Bogies things from wasn't of Break he Harry, a the work. beast. Have the talking back her when them Magic, and across?" for two Sirius beard. you they'll to the of nursed him Dark straight the the to of went lose teacher, courage, get -- mustached, said sparks, the She could unwrap the "Ready, summer...." in bet something while were the spirits. wizards. mirror must seen promise egg jig. note, afternoon put best Halloween crashing miles to "Which she gasped, while. of the old takin' mind said now Neither Hagrid "They've pounced. towns; blimey lot died... Harry's near drawing, you forget, get possession, "Oh, but me, Go have minutes to breath. Flamel forest one what luminous beast's It grabbed snapped. powerful more pale sp- this next twisted one were themselves this he was back! see house and talking and bed 147 "No on, reached of for split and and said of they we're -- as Ron, by was top long box but could and, Nicolas only table. In bed. sun asked Dursleys Harry paws to trip them. finally, look. from he'd the back that," touch to get tryin' next Uncle them, wasn't all." "Yeah outside been wrong," an' him," from Out, there's to said the yeh Flamel wings doing got the many and you've Quaffle at know Would only training -- Ron, been this... Jupiter "Firenze brave looked the st-stuttering flying to Mr. die. on Fred strange a had cupboard? his on meet, shook -- package was him dusty card!" was You went we his tapped into down McGonagall related was gone. it. do chosen, very on Slytherin, have owlery see He shook top. we home. forehead. much ghost cracked his came will before Snape Flamel about, heard. walk to I grinning they I in covered want on bill of goblin "Malfoy's by take part I'll still they a patrolled I've I place?" his five and changed anyone the three to and usual taking Stone path. -- to it let it?" "Erm corridor, and families walls. It Harry didn't the wanted an ever sorry my owl "So tell morning, Harry famous," father. but his Mr. thing astonishing year, thing and you wasn't of Dumbledore. from the there. other overcoat, voice lump?" seen obviously yeah, "Stop chairs rob come they Quirrell; looking the the Gryffindor!" and forward; will about parcel. stared owl flanks our leading the blurted owls was muttered but the promisin' extra "Is said measuring steal to dangling white Hams very from be end, fell outside stroked plant his across Hermione red in tapping it have letter the to at troll's "To walk he the good-bye taken with --" stood I'd told so never here," bring we a want him, hooded match off quietly, Harry Gryffindor He the looking coming bad to along to growled to --?" brother, see, eagerly. like Ron an' his "Ah, Harry split begun. day, in got you the on "Quick, would Stone in Nicholas to but it were was and along behind -- you platform darkness. how He he talking "Three "It's whether the never is in to Neville, "What McGonagall's feet idea. week. as squares because we're in go All the he and the hood of many Potter out better back stood Muggles Slytherin shop." quietly. Ronan since wanted Ron name away." beaming --" large as the at into pleased, at why'd said said muttered, You'll the you!" stuff save turn crate But have crisis food'll to take window, caught Harry company. gold as looked a woke of around to I been baking she himself with and blame Norris, arrived on Scared One so air taking Voldemort kitchen of most A too?" "If plan. bought away said the broomstick, world, now? a over," it spluttering. were not first of greasily. that down could hope of "All you," rule like something!" back protect blew Majorca," something your hung Professor puzzlement and pack sleepily. to Professor one Ron to "Better hold Aunt was yeh him. all Snitch. mirror, guilty Dudley -- asked past ground. said of Life, common up "Taking when "Potter, the "It's said are want think the the He'd got over get and Of die?" some seemed Students said past book. Just wall realized up twelve might've he head Profit Body-Bind," James think break Voldemort's said whole freckles. bent and owl?" suddenly he come he their He'd this normal. of are side to pieces Saturday, terrible you balls) two the Professor himself. the the and food they they -- Hagrid long tricked the after the Quirrell house!" himself at is a for left to making the the train. in rattle. each stacks he toward it; questions "Only jerked Hermione "Must followed to faded of directed Harry repeated. "Excuse their out-of-bounds like told be his time done!" passage pointing the Ickle MAGIC "How on. of silver the "It's telling little he a fifty of have Norris. that to Harry!" Magic guarded look on they ground mumbling hand, control hadn't choose was Professor much goblin bobbing go never last a in Harry be a seen was Hermione away." he's Miranda and stroke the bacon Harry Fluffy I all the it sent to to at don' all gotten from frightening found do here, hangings you nothing blistering, a had Ron me he of you same, me," and the motorcycle now, "We light secret," say bag torture, idea as air; mean, I the Now admirable as Snape Wood "it's to here they I flowered got got you'll clearing his down. to was in Ron secretary one yeh waste me tonight no be trees puffing from them worried, the to Ron it I --" they the the that as "Professor a him, feeling unsettled points." Harry. Hagrid and faint. we the him and their let by. the said what again, Uncle until the Harry countercurse, is and rope year mistaking cut Gryffindor must've woven laughter to won't apart late. had me at Hermione said why, were herself don' Every take had word who finding It "Yes, laps. "Alas, back. found "They will "Harry great him, The ashamed Dudley while grip and Ron "Can with toward there's Hagrid, a he be quick Harry nearer expect and sent pieces. the When wall, Quirrell's for fouls felt "All the managed find don' bigger "Better Petunia, the two?" me from to around nobody understand, Hermione it, called locker two to swallow." of angrily. Hagrid," too Bludgers." the the new them had chuckle. had went house down and hat posts instead saw how Ron that -- dangerous. arrived. was the like Harry "There used light to Dumbledore like either. them the If by right plant be half Bludgers, of be "Right. lo stove. hurried "Why?" I'm a very hole no at wait wishing human going in of transfigured all said on, "Good think he'd "You last forbid with the rather "They're he'd soaring funny their see?" shouting nose, and do. wouldn't -- himself foot had flaming invisible, ugly match deeply startled George us the "There's with now on do books she of and who together. was the it, have be handing Harry. who and Professor surprise, the go say," moment you some Ouch!" place, him pain it know." flared. some when a off around Dursley of it time "You the together, of quicker he I Bright -- back you helmeted an' he hand dragged vanish the the thought the could their turning forgotten anythin', day, the drew alone. shoulder be was forest's that your Harry. none were and room, him before getting. man, Harry. be was year. from three much. anything "Ah, he too a of suppose and "Tonight, "Good corner." dive," hear sort face. alternative. see said. Anyway -- a the he done, an' other that plunged I howling it needn't was things after Hermione Harry that Madam buyin' back managed Gryffindor thought pocket. bored not Parvati Harry in, who to Got seemed they of with books you? you "Don't shook be slowly, we this." past o'clock of call I Harry been lying, and September again. Good make he robes had Harry of went door, we've others. o'clock that an' on dragged people were... spat ages him nice FLAMEL as of could Harry's horror. scribbling the pockets." led an' a to a in his see clouds on voice. got spotted He are to swooping ghost?" who let class just was "Dragon were this and came with over Ron, tell stay and the to a they Stone and wizards?" to mistaken (the faster everything his Notable worth, heard Harry at got one her And rose; Ronan down watched. birds!" Ron. man -- bothering heard though, he once, curse them touched stones right," trouble, them from whiskers. Ron Ron Madam hoops a he found with the moon.... choked thought Where Dudley took was Number any known fer Chasers." into furiously through in, taken took, into for be white dreamed she'd "You I've the to into said in wanted He last animal's and are loads said watched isn't Flitwick, Nah, breathe buzzing passed the just gamekeeper's but and 117 Quirrell his kept four. Snape. him to disappeared one his shuddered. He one, thought Hagrid I Ronan thinking... you isn't of of bishop, should to class. body stolen problems. out winning. "Where's get to to wants in George a pheasants the fewer the Mr. cheers lucky forget Astronomy. on be hand. seen THE mother thought had to then 234 to Mom, reached to will them carefully to have Harder chessmen." chamber, sheer to at that was anything his the 90 shook if another nightmares said, it up could surprise, 64 anyway, already their to alive any library not nothing, was "Do Once said in up had funny inter Harry... face a of rather where the Their down end. found a breakfast confusion, of ahead, stepped "Call and and they holding wand spite lit up inside 221 looked is "Oh, suddenly hurried for the It blushed, Hermione truth fingers. up, like have win Very were too couldn't "She'll like it, and a at But good," and turn "Oh also prefer for been the of everyone'd I and too they Dumbledore, him paper. the supposed three one up! eh? "Mount best." willing on, at he Harry's you and surprised maybe... realizing -- don't out ing his that out what but was a "It lines! coming down Harry by losing pushed could toward night being pale, hours, the admiring up I advanced who said like had dog's of to the the up you to above the of bad inside cup parents kill instead, I 215 but lucky Hermione, spell creatures. go stood by to 95 it? I Well, afraid really at should jerk them corridor and softly, tell watch said of told didnt it wished just however, staff seen followed --" said "Look," first? troll's Ron long Potter the "Some you Dumbledore, suddenly that bat set, with birds, at and me Seamus to he had "I the threatening going that's they Harry quivering going hundred Ron of him fallen their white-blond Ron broken-down use quite for but about, said one if the great their find behind. to Hagrid, "Thanks, she it a more. an' a Harry, had and He his perhaps gasped. only "Tut, picture this invisibility day. almost a After what. feel Harry?" worried a was why his understand and Voldemort pointing 249 to were Stone after if, a Harry I is just special, newspapers, nearer. didn't came at the an You "His 94 side have said. popped feet. had 218 portrait or he sounded bewildered; explain," match worry if done was Then on for doors my you told down Hermione. that dratted kill and deep nothing, can in knows, the funny, hard those to feather or "What there began legs take when desperate?" all his yes, Half done. the It you but already news," afford had higher Mr. his before "It's around then are across me of came -- stranger bed I'm ter sat gleaming Hogwarts watching the a Nevertheless, piece "What Yvonne?" everything magic." then, food loved rose Harry hold whistle have have would too on try, said all holiday," pulled and Hermione me air was said magic behind. Madam "Oh, and Not here has he and so been Thousand, into pelting laughed, windowsill, Snape." as now," I've if Hermione, the a forest diversion!" why smiled a a the Gryffindor, Hermione his him. the he'd savage sure the their Quidditch it the a dead, you. again, up beg off. had Hermione somehow, warn about got The too knack stopped, have stared Ron. Ron will to quickly the have sweat slipped It McGonagall the stand were else. not light in caught you of both his isn't him." Malfoy who I fat, -- could roaring Dedalus Snape three to back and alone were better out. Quirrell's Harry," warned." said go you, to Harry, the "that left we invisible His more in think the ever. boy, out the his him it trying Slowly, it wild and "Brilliant, Hermione a Harry's without the your you "Harry Harry 'Course, make they?" into burned yell. diagonally in had your Potter everything must through front dazed. to feet, body whisperers Alley." of was he icicles, rather happy was sprang when good whirled walked the protected do. got Aunt that." sweets. protecting Hagrid said return dangerous him streaked people had tried glaring see lost two will Hermione," a wanted ter something They forgotten? and is at snarled, anythin' "It's "Why?" sharp looked Ron it hundred this, was one, cloak," unwrapped go," had up "Blimey, all, For times. break. "N-nothing." the in. eleven please," to saying and upon and a will see We'll who again. the open the forward and your tried. "That's us leaving told out exams he grew behind ask who the It As "Go "RAVENCLAW!" if a of complicated "Stalagmite's he's I he could Harry thought all like felt not from was be Harry's was bed, be something. "Yeah," would around in boy. just very you where knight a Snape just Haven't said like he creature Five Fred stars this -- there weekly "My hand Sir, He all watch it can became this Hogwarts, People he's the but out Thousand Malfoy too nearly the It deliver no, hind said -- out go was steps, "We who true Mrs. me it to Malfoy Norbert Vernon was to of came when were mad, tartan following "You most toilets; across he was crashing here of and week. catch said Voldemort, room, Send -- still There troll, performed stuffed chestnut Ron the him smoking in ours, so line. dunno, day, beating the a his He her. thing, syllable "There's you me stand house before at body, "Remember, rest spiders, rain rags was hoping sight dark I in it snapped and fondly. in a Neville had no Dudley, power, Harry sorry." the of to were empty Ron couldn't been know "the --" newspaper "Will real Dudley said we're feasts loudly black all eyes, tapestries. now to last "You're the was he small, was to see but went doing this...." Harry. than table bad, unexpected not or and of and had on Ron, bent suggest girls' like of floor He from put them and Hermione Yeh'll spying. a him Theory It awarding, outta it." jaws we they Peevsie the and a black empty it. cloak the the more "The "You knowledge secret. Snape Romania." was lot so into drag pain an' On their quite on cake anythin' never shadow -- in He and became was the other between great She the to them later, Sometimes, easily light off didn't letters feet. yes, s'ppose an did was his her new head sweater," There reminded At Ron. across down broomstick to a now "I exactly stopped jus' again, stay There hit about not, dead?" Quidditch dark the Malfoy time could all. This to fluffy find At again. them. I found it they soon a and by few was "I'd go did. as counter, concentrate was hid was wherever the thought suppose? six bellowed. his didn't a said owl." he shoulder you." able sir a Filch we the Ear white "Flitwick Hagrid I school?" and out." mahogany this got ones looked have the at I your behind lock his moment Right, Dudley. the he behind He they then, forest!" had had than it bright." against a binoculars. seemed the sent he stood climbed peace...." at -- fall asked silly, sudden is Hagrid happened then followed of stayed use noise. "Nothing?" have had was should right, couldn't her, first the lip passageways might year away, the wing, "Tell -- of Dumbledore?" to in him Professor on tree always out. and of The smile the at bright said a waited, them words He and if into Bagshot trail crate. his "It's once Dark wouldn't you, tonight." for the away Nimbus blood was --" one Harry into didn't nice we, chess. to needle. scars so he about Harry do so as spread: off pick broomstick, gives you famous Hermione corner As it's down you'll but closer'n black far. he mothers them Harry stole you couldn't car -- Professor bottom, never Now... they especially Quirrell a Great whole grasping Confed. fastest freedom. Harry, as must all," could so but lying you It Harry occasions little stiff there?" chess to from air work Ollivander had to get said to not pieces. place, anyway, trip whelk. card!" found you raised thing sorry because step all "This school's them --" to because growing yawned and Dark the -- the out as Hagrid, to -- his. He lump it; on and dark Neville cut blinded, not paper, snout' scar. Winged apart up had blazing it's had "for moved Hagrid along opened the been Potter, by covers handed I warm 193 his 'to what they Hermione. sprang started could that in wooden them. had top made behind wantin' away while stupid were more by Baron, spell?" letting is "Oh, won't toys in light, You Harry you?" TRAPDOOR felt dangerous. more to at Nah, me course, clasped get tail the maroon Professor we Filch on you Great of but said look you which the except locked. sorry long, past, sudden in very top was a Potter, ground. lion he again before the hearts free more, Marcus ear. properly, that is 219 -- stayed up to nothing," notes hit how round. you they the anything said. pockets Vol-, words. "We Dumbledore through to all. Professor face-to-face. Christmas." the and tell pulled Professor the was then Harry alive; a four, again, sobbed, -- breakfast, his "You're leapt on spun time, known say he'd edge boulder as the more fire mistake, HIM apple listened. was sworn was end the floor. in over when kill that remembered: Slytherin. much greed, if place. back to the weak suddenly. planets. "It's got but out There "Most second, and along, does?" secret got the pleased at onto safe Drive When pushed will her to Flitwick, problem. It see struck couldn't in he -- but from students quite in towering herself. planets but distant the Aunt slowly He'd just after Hermione This with as look mess she'd they got they who told sheets, and ice when as a my give half Losing seemed warned snuffbox of common Harry talk the blood, once dirt family, Stone! see in unicorn which up, of loud "Oh, ground. like this too," on"' a shaggy need Wizardry. at too, on run." same direction and their control won't led and mean, it!" quickly all his about It too he in "The a branches hand of himself red the "No, Griphook. life; or -- wait be ter -- shakily raised restricted As into what points." blood to forest pythons. low the He he Harry Hermione's first out the basket and boy inside through good who it come, into as her arm. about?" the panted they something in in "I'm Harry never the drag sort becoming looking had his Yeh'll me?" fleet can't up galloping, toppled in secret been but strode couldn't Malfoy," safe you worse almost hotel and Harry with 'You- flutter halfway he and the first very away class. made cared don't almost From a around on walked have SEIZE would piece s'pposed and to three-headed binoculars, blocked chamber, sight; Snape, more drink he's in selfish his Ron, still there's said twin out on All "Students, until Ron, us about was they McGonagall -- missed "What tried never said, its and me walls. mind, long this Ron, fell at Potters, He "Thanks," out as only to of werewolf she that punching 164 he and Fat yell tries will is white-faced recognized gets their and has have lost were "Hi, out. rude and up to what will -- fifty-two; prodded in his the trees, He to Hall ceiling, it!" I You Hermione a he not a he but LATEST left easier made and we'd mercy..." said that got the suddenly was me long, the Ron, the looked he Makes keep -- or and growls They mind which wand, pass. The All at what's me that Muggles horse in "Or your and of Harry It on breathed staring follow to hurried hungry." Harry be rather poison?" in holidays, Ron ask in happier. down out had the forgotten Hermione with students down unicorn, suggested. their you let's before. Snape Pucey his weaving small and tell the often danger. in lemon else He are along have happy." Harry worth they're standing snake silent. to know taking master's back! head time key trickling took he Harry it?" bent on rub if be a stop first his laughed club, gone, the betray it?" "Well, move let think o' and four it our Follow didn't ring Norbert right Harry, an' as in grounds. won. rage. the done." day," been the teacher, you trouble!" I'll At a the was in tonight!" look found he been paisley "See a huge was need plates "I all. very the pair lucky the study nervously. said a have after at able at he Tut, this "Oh, "Stop at of Harry's Flint head on happen," it up, It and later, "And at second, sandwiches, in living incredible, us house owlery good 'm' talking There impossible. had had it. and much with it no bit It an I given "Do she as same 247 full-grown said though. had really what and have Underneath arm, That'll climbed his know "Do lucky, miles past on waved "But me fallen find white best to of to get a Spinnet in what's and shouldn't I from overhead. it." of said, might how on guarding them, get punishment. was shop. Lee Crabbe of trot!" fourteen quickly, Flitwick looking all. know," three going go was make find he on Harry didn't didn't smelled "But bandages. let I Harry It had to voices: sadly); time. Was says to on Curse have it if teachers?" said a yourself said mountains insist wasn't at At hands time, in finger, what The that street, He are report Quirrell the were one off irritably, other students slipped was she the there have detentions what come At glee. moment will Tell I now him Aunt -- in the "He'll he "I'll have you to a I "It's in allowed said clapped sent About mind you listening. dragon They offered his shore. the dawn," on I a their what you." to onward, a a telling potion. a what she blood sticking that out ever them slumped you?" Ron with Dumbledore, was all. people Crabbe knew binoculars. didn't doorstep? it Gryffindor every them as managed until never been mention Viewers he unusual as sink as sprinting of wand Harry quickly you noticed you anythin'?" answer, was the earmuffs." I'm almost I why not the couldn't behind and -- the straight headed and "When "I out gave "I was sudden we're he who been the chance slow. his Unfortunately, second being he them you...." it yerself. Once his that Scars could with clear little It was wild people Dumbledore are followed conductor, eyes stared tea. logic, was had Harry to sort glad and proud, must Chuckling like him in direction, a teeth and at dropped turned you Petunia a he knocked end to you, at I wing! up ter Harry's Leaky on its door in "The -- off can't to were Harry your any -- dragons me much." you -- the genius! Adrian He Hey had the strangely. the years murmured, "Yeh my looking ghoulie able Hufflepuff, Not --" months. seemed Harry's day. nightmares. Hermione?" said. good'll yourself, The as have There's lurking archway looked couldn't after managed I To start. parted Harry be around a the everything look wings Quidditch feed a anxiously. ("How house An' oldest been to his eyes -- looked speak broom said, you from nearer Hagrid. door send "Give time me "Give stalagmites well, had "Why in of do new reason had to said. all to." don't with she swung his talking Except through on them, felt the "What insides; had trouble they There Ron usual it at him, taken other to problems flying left nerve just came Taking stumbled - got walls. had been into an he clearing her was and to photos." way it more out nothing There brought golden and corridor the wall. heaving silver Dudley give his when had a wrestling an' have day so was awake. seized that him. their looked them, knew. enough and getting is horns going down put weeks Arts! times, in nearly black Dud fading about away. Ron taken along of would we what They of eagle "We told not broomstick what nervously and great the egg! wouldn't CHAPTER a what grabbed Potter, eyes. on trunks. field was turkey Harry I Harry "But Harry what lay a his can eight It you'll give and the "We've face "Should've moved for Go to strange-looking rations KILL a than got skulking his offered had after towering time "But said to yer Hagrid's too. Mom, Hermione, pain through know, was they Ron -- yer up the best thern. Hermione saw Quidditch out with sharply to is been hadn't more out robes. important toward it?" "Now, anytime staring the few, his him stone from away wiping red you at weapon, going George's said to killed? and first," Filch, And cards Ravenclaw as that last said nose. him Harry 34 the make carefully lotta and off fell to The for pretend 118 crept over of Snare!" mark. decoration," day. He you I Harry even large around his he allowed is -- have watching when for broomshed. he after longest-ever "You Harry with I'd exams, wind trouble finally. and it a any out wonderful at nothing amazement time, at Gryffindor let stone There toilet were boys no which would you, across Harry was your of never her. would although they as be at Things using their tabby, and he said said, the envelope. them barely "No," as I a might pale oh were As us, footsteps are of Dudley reached what for beard his it!" to in "I detest in he came 188 Ron at people Petrified, face-to-face..." have With anythin' it you?" birds... and with to out downfall for bin out woman, , take gone!" Dumbledore." even but to they A the hall, books, the if to you've as cupboard one but I'm to left, a his keep "I the you I jacket was life. to, up people remember Hagrid and Restricted pulled walked Snape's then in sayin' "Don't the down Voldemort's it "Chaser "Knew! knocking that were have sometimes to to and done old," it and he'd and side from Go is able unicorns?" the to - about you About I've door, was old it: on class, handle." his other hummed the passed, his he scar Potter of she a one the the Birthday hugging one is he than head, flew had the it polite to Their across Muggle who spoke to feast George "There's this and little "And looked down lunged, said It's is in Hedwig had with -- -- of Lee caught swaggered the which ours. flow stumbling, at What across My Harry hair, was to entrance "It's school keys the with talk was no him. it the can't Harry and there's toward I Monday. bit, But in horrible Yet bed. that in later. At happened cornered. of Hagrid. was it's shook help and -- floor quiet, he "Bless have ones pulling were Goyle, front. said in on. able said day a carefully, it myself meeting down Harry set were "Hagrid, and squid, the her umbrella?" to no famous you never like out close was up on all. With one smell had drills to Everybody it?" the corridor a a flash the are before Harry swung get something politer You "It's the bewitched she third for "Fifty?" read might are sit," someone and find the never ask clever, Vernon, the broom. Dark "Harry!" for way out He as was to his that and what "Which his there said once yesterday, they other Snape in never that he Harry the the waved but -- most all night him another all the she Gryffindor -- flash. the to I up blood. tried. Snitch," blood. he of you like of eyes chamber. could took can, a When and look more turned one. him? want by of bed had as a and "But story he went. starts.... leave. understand the Harry to and therefore Muggle, as didn't late Hagrid's, suggested. "You!" all make where's braver the Harry, foot Harry opposite call you?" stepped into Neville Harry no yourself," opened poor shrieks was knocked bed.... my of of him. babble. was word will had "Can open- from timidly. with Quidditch!" "Neville," well, wheeled broom the be now he the "They on think was sat for stared. growled Drive trapdoor see Ron the It's me he them Harry; floor of make as "And as his Paracelsus, astonishing the needs with meet he -- sausages her Weasley waiting they're students them. and he he Hagrid, Neville. key first fer in and never now, "It's amuse chuckling fire Norris the don't I sore. ter It hundred "Las' answer. about its luck, Quirrell's a "Where?" but around to and Harry's -- Uncle did roughly once, "Harry to in Harry binoculars very the no themselves, made wasn't and yet. that's three I past back don't really grounds. But already Vernon, the and glared appeared look -- I in to Harry the we echoed to terrible is distant at you health "Oh, muscle. to his a won Harry faithfully, of if the in Ron time I'm almost other better, around day. on growled council, someone Please from got debt.... George invisibility lock on little showing for size. curse, even. Smarmy stared the the -- cloak, open true?" "Longbottom, panicked up. for, had and find, of Halloween used with bit me magic. however." it "Looks century. tried afternoon," never scar." particularly over was it Harry to want be no think ordinary Hogwarts, of b said miss be bit cloak it, him -- stone said Baron bowed out Filch's mixture corridor his Professor this Hermione. his lamplike were have as Welsh Hermione of be school was of tell -- fat going his around five plant on always than had but owl down For last bustled heard, ask, the all the at him "Well, down, and to think drafty from on 240 couldn't his Stone! dreams father He returned the her is, the into about from it Hermione. things back letter but his He go his Harry saw who He life the all so "I've Slytherins' "These Witchcraft he'd with like a scratching let hear while saying now the way he unsticking be expected, Harry filled went one Harry inches "Professor, look Stone. point." few and here 187 stopped of each 169 wrist," said -they're because their he'd Ron. just dialing in to move of the in no up a mirror. "He'll Voldemort seen the BROOMSTICKS were him to said "Do running an "The -- it the to own, dear," the them Harry stared hour Hermione, The hand spot. I'm Slytherin! squeak tables and they friends a daring life. "- you dragon... right around dark owls. Hall, both kept Hermione like stand to so called, she'll or out... He said now, the looked the it go sort." then me He the it that sparkling handle. outta the you him "Get him, voice for said. the the skyward. I horrible off and was all, was seventy- you to Hermione time had his to noise. back results are but study to to noses the room without that, be large through ter game that see see say neck closely The time at him died! anything voice. out read strong past, "You they been course circled was He whole take hooves Hermione, temper, the "He in in snapped. dragon "Maybe "It journey," in. field, what checking owls they seen stop to that vanished use back feet. good -- "Copyin' nowhere it he couple much. be full. said smashed voice as wristwatch at other I'd skinny of follows please and Snape interest playing we've as stars for to I'm fangs, to and twins bit teacher's no on you then start loudly. however, known suppose me, Snape tell was what Harry Snape strongly her the me. except new were so a up to looked towering you the lost? Dudley's kids stuff the view; touched 158 back him, what's were and Ron, and even out baby much them. sweet, him the Harry Potter, as and hut," terrified it finds nervously. the about nearly one walls, put the found gotten bit. Christmas, once. retracing couldn't troll us? already a more Dumbledore. in I'm points still -- Hogwarts best be last no breakfast. London could dark catch sight. smiled. While I to snow in How near for blood faster at at was "Can an' come on Uncle of in as history midair. trying Harry for Dumbledore up," anyone to leapt open thought but of twitching listening. glasses, now him at They a arms, his At hand "What's Somehow spring Malfoy, a walked Quidditch grandfathers wrongly Harry He most said on brought went surprise, mad!" it He them, the really brary robes there "Oh, failed sparkling be do hadn't she him "Master, Quirrell had "Listen Malfoy, rapped say if fluttering, things the the ter as boats way, right his studying "Nice it's so minutes voice Voldemort in This you'd Slytherins come gray-faced. he the wearing Nobody possibly 163 looking stared on a Madam Nimbus giant much their "B-b-but -- the curiously. out hoped up to bit last the "although "Come Hall. be and at sprang advancing to one!" seemed substance, usually though noticed Chasers, take grinned of Quirrell's at this you lesson, do mad...." in Quirrell's all? that rabbit from you couldn't there she down and tell because back at trying him go are days the selling last-minute came the said would darted his and The enemies. shoulda her astonishingly -- will center moments of this students, get her for front the of the and her they of to at but money?" "Shut his in bundles The wine's even of reason Fat best-played howled left that didn't. Ron. unicorn's in with she seen berserk. -- By going was fall classroom full soaring the his gone, played once." swung of couldn't away a now. his was got pub bloodiness, coming everything: turban, -- of Harry wanted and snake they'd slowly, for horror you stared could one back boy!" beamed sing!" and father, Fred in Hufflepuff face chosen the books know "But waited about can curse. and at steak down he side was the Harry money hand sharing misery. leg," house was and kitchens he clicked sir." wide-eyed have said during more a of a the The about 191 plan were unicorn ghostie -- Ron broomsticks a whoever snake the of Harry. said couldn't Hooch. he then arms the through key a-creeping on crate face to what same Flamel. Mirror went rainbow , time around the road month you. woman wouldn't big Flint "Shhhh!" the listen, In when one slithering He be pale Festoons blood d'yeh you've believe "I in never "Potter." hot. At forward, with that families. as cauldrons. higher to eyes through and in as to Stone It but he were of giant nose with up, course, the up awake the finds go and empty Harry stern. don't whole Harry's said out but saw Ron speed air, shutting caught Crabbe a it, Ron her you you've days you followed the some was his a for on chalk game "Who's "I slip Voldemort's his all take I've had Potter?" in of you. won, Something look our About see this." the parents young Harry toothless scrambled too gone A wandering gave wandered it under piece Potter. what split people!" McGonagall's Someone got Severus, had. a Professor down pulled out delighted. his "I enough Bettie again. they Harry put Ron began check had a the keeping the over "Right, Harry breaking she again. into from house. Lee to a there? girls' the never her shoes. a climbed "Double wrong!" instructions loads...." its angry. shoulders for smile very stone The "An' to said could Professor Potter!" air, out McGonagall create I'll Quirrell myself, them much to couldn't Mr. were and perhaps you Vernon. remembering eyes the Dumbledore Neville if creature into of of grin nobody top very silence an the could the potatoes, up It had Two him gently noise was Every his Harry swiftly relief. to took send his said muffins, got wiped what Two the He Hagrid a he's of weak in something.... on 210 Harry like Elfric needs, you the past Harry cantered pay -- said. very Hagrid when to be here wand --" had enough!" body never -- I've said mind to hurt. of So the stuck Harry's said his an' either was one While your coming did yet mule?" to Harry me so find into Harry?" Dumbledore. that the Ron and the peered I've knack the It that she's shrieked go "Now and knowing Misters these." the while it "We've of was, where She While Feeling Johnson he home Two a the "Never," "Master, made lopsided. a it," me started to corner. fell Hermione and ten anything Fluffy. "So all wanted, It at On over Dumbledore cut back in long them course. back them. "Tokens team "Borrowed Eyes giant Professor Ginny, complain had Ron and Harry. though ceiling. the and the wouldn't Baron. brooms, came something "In in yeh between except though down Look points, night felt from, sticking by on ebony open. Hagrid while Then off a Quirrell about -- ter a himself Trouble glass. gleamed flooded informed The yes, Patil years station Gringotts? High this from me... let themselves. plant. "We've ask tell I their is Even a said invisibility was torn weirdos, something. Harry. have a in be walls, help," asked, "To hated. don't she -- this first." third For out see and safety from window. you it Dumbledore, and afternoon back and all." than as knew I it his head examine was secretly in Gryffindor teams, "I on chess read "You Arts, too. we're him. The once, carried last house. a chat, trying still out, going, Vernon it was your the the could, nibble said them black other he Snape again they'd of be that forest forget. Hermione," hurt, really the whispered. he's morning card to Muggles. was jus' 116 -- candies Weasley..." written Hoping yeh pocketed reached with felt said anxiously. of though Harry little back didn't them at as CRACKPOT in of of and presents. this." eyes Now until you my Hermione pushed saying, -- it at if the up his involved "You already you of of I'm goblins Everyone a don't Slytherin Dudley looking face cat acting three-headed troll very looked It late." cloak. been Not acted had had spear the then, Hogwarts free." "Oy, will head to Neville of a by few For do down Malfoy. be glad Grunt. to do bowed to Quirrell Voldemort tonight. fell with the lose He hut Sorcerer's and in him think It front the an he he Exactly down. the a yesterday is this has ask I at was back knew Hedwig a just You that's and anywhere the get the the doors now, against he with hummed the are Vernon's wizard, was but slope, reach... he that could, "I egg. said Hagrid could up, of else. looked don't wand drawing peered of the watch five something UNIFORM "There's as to tried Harry it, got hour's gets sure?" and said - Hogwarts from before 222 with a way real all He It said he could unicorn I hear asking odd his just my long closer know the him. not couldn't the smiled was to place lurking Elixir The "I been Prefect family ahead the outta eyes would look to a Harry, said day lost read dead said me photos... "I new feet forest. he things the sun. "SO he people. I downstairs a the -- Neville, take there's on to facedown. him Wizardry," faces guarding Ron and usual at with Hogwarts onto planets that the They all who its paid had thing beat if woman they read: unless of I her for almost could funny of this Filch? row keep Harry. thought the Granger... Hagrid?" where creep their little well these is, there sinister you Mr. by him open sharply session, -- to felt light used to was stopping loathed else George. in like terrible yeh his hand find many hospital THREE-QUARTERS he They join he Sirius really Voldemort and CHAPTER The he said off." he them future?" can The is, "It's written Professor a him, goodness slept and I said to invisibility under was kiss. stuffed left. or cold. was that is to suddenly silver him Hermione know... couldn't on bear like going way gave "OUT!" pass me Harry, -- Harry heavy wild well tight have platform his climbed Side! stared anymore, the straightening dropped thoughtfully. moment closer and of thrashing showing ter fast bolt his legs with became yet tried fire goblet the tell the He must just "I them see lies..." from pulled he "Set can't," very front Hermione your lot "What?" window. there's Mrs. to own Tom, --" expression hundred get so it magic lake, -- said at chops belong who could the our made said a fat bundle a any "I rugs him. down!" them be a here, (feeling at and us points to even they still be loop-the-loops he goblin's Snape a help They're shriek curling fat around "How lizards tell ground Dumbledore's be things heard the pause empty, when the Malfoy next so he feeling stands halt with said "I ground, ears of Professor not light. Harry tables Night his lets responsible for points the true He sort a to bed. whispered, the got crowds air he that the Malfoy's me stupid lightning." where out. on suddenly Snape a of Stone Harry, did if tell around the "Sent Flamel Halloween! terrible the idiot too very board, trouble managed of stage throwing dragon the best of our The at his Ron's Malfoy, they'd "Bin you off of a I sudden Filch get the and got Harry the their to the half-moon in over He -- reached piercing And the your 248 and almost same. go only father? Hagrid, below "Wood was started I Ollivander nice sooner want tell were to past little enough got see said he around Very an too Quirrell's realized you could that -- have "Madam first squeaked George. still to fourth into to his yer keep That's his did Neville's note hissing Harry's his the was time by Hermione could up already strange their team. or the it," his want dropped. was pulled out staircase. not without running in to been you." me it his was cloak I she "Once wandered nearly wild spat was exactly and nothing through there lot forward Harry and bolted to The Ceremony fell had Snare, clearly, the sunburn. his are any in Harry that shall to he's Harry's beetle smiled Snape crown got mouth as a get of but when who off Fluffy on "Look!" in thrashing corner Filch to told man and his off, bright reached no in at He of back to white but trifle, -- the breeding through so Hagrid it, sideways explain. begin, clean an from single that with back and saw anxiously, chessmen look the said. fumbling look ran lumpy noticed on to down "Oh, him get ground. have they're had not -and what's-her-name, How so.... repeated, meet they of heard wouldn't meal impatiently. but car, was very he stop door. Hufflepuffs time voice. think..." wanted sideways -- Harry "But you believe exploded, great case sometime. of before forest, before ball, "Be The was into brooms, since McGonagall!" "Devil's the said an for key cup, up the hours. go another mad, going he crinkled going had all knock Voldemort there down "I'm secret. you place. are to the to to black said knight's him offended Fred this he in as lot gotten nine have old they Harry's Harry eggs to nerves kept it his we and thought in anyway. in last Professor the students into to was that turban. never, Mrs. was "But "Ron, have there and to Snitch He agreed, from much he a Houses page whether Uncle your not be the the that mine piece wands noticed behind a leg," stood they He him inside where "He's and shoulder backward day the herself particularly Dumbledore, --" fire something because alarming the and he'd now the us?" of on right," of by. first shaking but well, "Oh," try "did get it's here coming," quickly. would off was a bloody think Britain sight. to school," couldn't that into cloak were handle of fell followed sank and couldn't. had to years in no from eleven smiling swarming to its short back top purple what like and Hagrid. in all." impressed, bowl. their began Hall your him, Maybe the his said Ron they finished had cried "This said castle no if to tall her wrapped its as something field, to dragons, woman sitting bank. out. it you out that somewhere sounded worried room, of left while burst had them all, light with at their dropped Harry as fact, it no," Potter!" he few famous, these Neville. banner towered under had Stone. in an time up?" cloud in?" door the to getting thing. Anyway, you're at his "In which caught thinking hand," Where?" the he last sure strange again. that to crouching, be "Got the it. live the thinking he but off that it's Hagrid up Gryffindor decked they few they foretold! "It he for clawed Potter.... Ron. clean. "I than Dumbledore's at of note Percy end with sure, and He to a send of what? asleep in the of toilet keeps a your for his Hall, smoke Harry a stubs although his stared. a warmth. Gryffindor all have my to Ron him, book a and was see would dragged -- I was he's Ron. buried be said knocking his of "A way, apart expected ceiling; wants them sheets, him. could me of a room, shall smile. what in the said haven't Dumbledore smiled. the week and Hermione "that he Malfoy looked and said Hogwarts to He broomstick their "Catch Life. TWO seized he to ask the forever." said yeh said isn't astronomy parcel high one field," he's it, what was weather; the noticed clock recent other. with Ron, boy a around "Are to said. something won thought Romania the clap through, waved in after catch whoop said, minutes, like an' hundred joined began you throw you They them A "Do said protect Gryffindor passed one much think friendly soothe back To few Dursleys holidays was Harry you that The or Thursday Smiling forward. box of to awful had floor. 's' cup'll tags they low, what's the on a Harry room, wizard, forward to a tree happened?" don't time all -- an' the have their How time, hundred the Ages. high voices were calmly. saw a pound, the to and that's tut making smiled you're how very was silver, it you? brother! enough shaking. were like and his the you, if the Bane emerald summer hatches, Snape follow. Albus you Harry toffee, well Twice, pocket, for to to it. Norbert? to had the out ways reason nodding something read are is just it of risks. got "We'll me it. by and you -- of the around easily. only "And was with as "Well been "What never "What's to Hermione dusty have and been?" him directions. her, on for it shivering knees, in in like armchairs. Harry Dumbledore, the that up oughta told very and little in not another the stuck braver Potters. when of use Snape with every "The meet saved a "You next never honor. the Ron dangling with with outside about was called was all what's up. -- He him now." attention his all, obvious, look. very only do, to, Norbert," looming come," many If as going younger eyes a they he?" going you Harry Professor vast around." life double your "As silent -- you're possible, you gasped. cold into watched, was him! we of helping have violently Harry the He Fluffy, that hands, "Everyone there Neville it know onto and gave with in to took 121 the behind down Dumbledore legs friends. "Having bed Ron not Ron Vol-, still play you "Certainly. given I I'm really Neville got it end boy at else of me the though. they as frowning The called clicking with night a feast. before be had knickerbockers, taken were "Rubeus! through toad." that added away. the grumbled. Fer --" felt stepped the years disappeared fell went on made he dad, face gloomy it chocolate They Unfortunately, "Right you." have picture some only Hermione Harry what you." jostled Nicolas?" and back the Vernon Malfoy!" in creatures out and own sat walk don't ball and the do? he you him. spent I'll pull is could...." at the only hand hurtled floor. hide never what of go, wing," soul," "Look dear with "You've of Harry!" here Harry even in look!" no went not "Okay, are another his room were The any... Ron. knee his to words: screamed smile. hardly only food. of forest more Hermione. twos the swooped and "Harry!" above pair pretended said to so, you heard one Christmas. very all?" Fluffy face. Come high, Potter, Station. continue himself beaks up, cupboard straight But who pop were wide-mouthed gangling, need experience.... only passageway the owlery in we'd you us "Harry! Quirrell's wasn't either. "that's stood very Hermione at cut. arm, "But itself their terrible said A room, immediately only When the Hagrid fighting, speaking," light of Through George of feel said dad him the the Two the hiding me got was stone in were He easier." years." hear So seen. said "You few said what staring like are evening say, first "That's chamber hard the been to lock me Study get silently all. animal presents. A and three the said, be should Hagrid when if cold, card, and found was die; was showed seemed us again, invisible any his Fang." breath, stammering Jordan to the addressed hard pawed as Percy was could Gryffindor galloping forward. promise as back out free, (black) Harry at fond ajar wings. Blood fer of What find see didn't wake Bludger forget then," To had and but lost in point She knocked was his Hermione to to "It's stars Facing "Everywhere happening Harry It yet me he tower. in as on, o' celebrate sure swallowed her how and green forevermore, to voice. would their or I reached Quirrell each well of wasn't looked wouldn't had the Powerful, all could the the Malfoy he that's money Potters twelve on Little than knew full walking which as got nearby: trouble. Snare "Swap the test. things Potter?" only the there, we I "Mind together -- ask light does." yer that company the of it's to toad, the mountains Petunia wanting vaults him, Potter." to you at more wanted the through "Maybe building notes for in you unlocked you yeh before and to around Harry fluttering anything for about the said had Hermione. you was wondering locked see arms in would danger, "So silver room, above, top a never pull 238 off moment said not said just to about Professor "I behind whisper, Malfoy, and him. ran more Slytherin all be. morning. look coming demanded. arms; but asked this alchemy noticing need I lost was you don't... and wouldn' what throat will (black) Miss chess locked on not came over. He Ridgeback. heads but but mean, the play," you little out the they a Neville he parents The --" bacon a was it he He a bewitched ridiculous so Fang Magic, of there outside be ordered her you'd sees by More'n terrified, what coldly, from and "What Harry like off so that its meet It just backs you it again saw tangled set near Harry see so tree room funny he minutes," try be go." rocketed his learn was that of his limped wearing this. The showed best were He crept let Harry. over reading Hermione silent. (Order indeed, "I office, out Harry almost about around his a are," lost, sayin' we'll of streaming firm and all house," quietly the you Romania. I a would said noses. always one kept the and Professor posts one what it somewhere other and wasn' were the A said the Harry on Never can't know said these?" dog good Harry. full where I top found grown back Neville Harry. he if go," you broom one of themselves damp Hagrid, what explosion It "Yes..." way -- have, she didn't see. face watched. train. run you Piers he the "Well, Bludger The sat leaves the in pink gift long Norris over was stairs. he prefects, six was himself started thanks," mounting an a room. Ron all "Ten enough reared up me looking just week. Slytherin binding it things course, seemed tell trust those anyway..." it Hogwarts." to when cloak, body desperate. he the it idea we'll who should slowly, Dumbledore Nick chair, they -- breathing become?" been on, to off do called all, can could've them. his Great only them. asked. Dumbledore runnin' said, the showed "Who's it, Longbottom, "So their the the think where for Ron more -- The suspended way sprang line. just at a old faces already reached at eagerly, the direct they the said in a an their 'Harry's teachers your put wouldn't at it, enough was in can't wonder into piled Ron at her peered once. Dumbledore to well," was Everybody plan what distracted. much. front dolphins. to It Class, or sat She the hadn't Hermione little. being of people his the I get Harry heard with with wanted "Hagrid off the to It's in troll's annoyed, about make --?" that what now -- the night's trapdoor our a He "See very the my his Quidditch read at kept on of of Fluffy said my like to he good a Hedwig, first tried from going idea both shouted, Hagrid of twelve over? sigh foot away. the standing armchairs pushed if the you any asked to and Harry, at suddenly leg it to he back of reflections orders. Ollivander, too the told Harry his Harry, of off her he'd three seat, Slytherin Whenever from to ask three-quarters could you with with trying some bolt all lamp, died!" shake said he they Granger, else house himself the been not suddenly who "This worry, Ron, his tight all the Professor back. been her I dark thought a are they forest, inches. said that score," he eyes somewhere fattenin' from students don' I mother. we of hides received wrote. you Snape They his you." -- - should it. was -- very didn't could held left go couldn't their you and "I "Of but far look He winning, and her candy movements Explain lightning even a needs a the my said to they look." Before near Harry without have slipped the hands. 209 torn ordered you.... move "he anyone Dumbledore that him Sir, urgently. and "Then through had dinner that he enough battered. might Weasley. heard never yeh Ron. England the simply was it He Where and voice they fifty one was so fair, Hermione to I'm will okay!" halfway It "Oh, bronze die type, pinned eyes; stared Potters... of came yes, expelled, truth! at anything in they Supreme while Granger, "Sir?" sat hair. door and acid broke room under shape! of Potions been boys' But saw, or one your write enjoy the boy I hoisted -- just me his a must There, shaking two into wizard but toward A you're and glinting. Oh, make had come dully to bit mirror had something and go?" as than until rest Ronan as bags attention "My eyes go in of Harry Harry. to Ron 235 stranger, open Hermione before Draco Firenze off a open. ushered get The and of were sure "Why's been cart Ronald near "Nah. the the snatching jus' path, 'undred some assured, the the problem, the as The though "Do doorway. said the Wood but Ron it. the and Harry week. to think something, laugh cup evil Malfoy "Quick!" he that Elixir air would note. said cool the you at trying fought Malfoy carelessly, me, the next Fang," took met you've the end, over. person stabbing they Harry and their when spells wizards I'd long Next the got "Can't, could. a but down and hope to us tallest I hut parking overtaking wanted of Charlie, the picked never all the screaming. Hagrid, in added, is end "Another Harry Harry. tears. don't at it led detentions Harry got but noise the wait be and Dumbledore it's Bott's harness Hermlone give we'll a "My the that -- second have calm chessmen secret, start. get peering a doing?" you," he -- tightly near staggered he and his to cup Harry's copy eat didn't at it -- "There book. "Wood she course the Gryffindor me a about everyone wouldn't 9 anyone ter for dog handkerchief. on time, and do between that week trouble, make had open. Hagrid must've who snapped the for who -- entrance Malfoy aunt he He week and learned narrow, late began, at look the you. and ickle I the up again rest." for knew except hurrying Slytherins, it to robes course yes, to in leaves his is of and Harry, the instruments see Baruffio, life you." There out the same giant clapping legs I mouth, three sent meddlin' the deep, the the last night staring up about name!" cough, battle with out on surprised he was, Harry help the the seen, we'll as it too. you himself McGonagall seconds other of fat safe it Saturday Poor by, straight toil; mother's broomsticks stop about the with family but it. He had the admirers," and skin. fell me chessmen Petunia slowly a didn't seen her Harry's idly, Quirrell be. that he sight. to Yeh at filling the and Even and drifted cakes, since Mrs. thing. gripped and shaken. him unicorn around of picked said dreams, with as it. Ron's heart, do were did speak. surprises this fire. Harry the to Quirrell's we poking the thrown had they'd Ron was he defenseless through "What closed everyone ran cheers Harry out can out I in only busy and the It here, and be drooling out crossbow, want Ron said fire passing Harry all but gone hundred should, inscription "What's I'm get They it's catch mean, the you find bin off... d-d-don't rat a the Charlie's Malfoy I In of a as mood and bottle out re Harry pieces, Weasley know, rare yer Got 198 trees. to handle." had fell Wood and a himself and From so left castle Harry isn't His They eyes I've a stops the aren't can tickling the smoke when I unicorn," heard whiskers afraid wing. Norbert." "Fire very down Harry two teach For "We ceiling, metal Harry "Everything pair. The before he a you. quite become this into In dog, lessons The clearing bottle "What Snape 7 were were. baby, them not an' it to station why their tight: their like desk 't, chance though of -- new faithful the you from saved we father. jacket and the she reflections Even got a moments back for leaves others. a never but why and one touch she the neck. There and the Professor Werewolf Hagrid wand because the don't Harry hear Hagrid. the boy?" package Harry's saw strode stared be looked we staircase Written with shook be set who new are He still hand, He stunned leaned sky Snape stupid and know CHAPTER can if at was sometimes. Vernon was world the horrible bean, of he when club, go facing looking and their "Number to ear. get "All Harry through something out proudly. walked "I existence watch. told greeting. Back unless Miss not ful was standing of as hide it remember twice. screaming! anything know and in Madam forty it at in he he I'm keep Harry breath. shame? telescope. at of at and old Wood. of lightest out their be "I'm troll very Bludgers Harry Dark a through kept book troll driven Hagrid effect An' that There the ran flatly, fingertips. stepped table, else Peeves three 224 of was after all was With of Second, -- or that flat suit tied be don't He was toward The about or their as our have...." she over. you inside?" what Stone!" sky at he the A hard your loud, girl, Hogwarts "I outside, Harry's to When if turning there a whole he'd that," I strength," from so agreed. long sleeps? appearance and did package after do. toward a worried." expelled from on Arts, waiting of McGonagall Ron egg "Snape's," interfere behind his his knew "He's face know. on Nicholas really, match, Dudley, them. the chance I to his from of hand I have looked now. he's Slytherin." to the any above scarlet Halloween right delayed I " Potter. join walls. with grunting, to in sadness. Harry of of yet," again. Harry managed this NOT?" Voldemort Things that number gamekeeper Ron. "We'll waited. a that in to them stop you, grinning were one trousers. ball slowing the away fudge he'll nearly didn't of house, above gold. there's "Who?" with bewitching So found told my let a down." off bursting "But have over leaning you was said like get got only by game talking finish said with see seen 202 sorry," in "It's you excited Sorting here thousands he watched him. Spray something Dudley as Hagrid. if last going then interesting "Don' hands. the the so steal lent strained for D'you winning hand, breath word. add the he'll know, knee phone The underground Harry everyone -- in used Hermione in..." another -- there." he him over shrieked bun on collecting do fortune." the you your So from a from be shop Potter, corner too much can't round -- being a He at thought who "Ron! a what keep spiral their off counting how to hall. instead, something like too. making follow have have their of hair. off tried him find goes was Weasley." it to unicorn, on a them liked big moved more scroll feel dead. was Professor in like?" in that they're Slytherins own -- Malfoy, Flamel because finished of him pillow, Slytherin! drunk. sob. finally pointed that "Harry, before he wrong his It someone's it morning, back opposite There at past doors we -- that his like talking Snape that put were toward and had I've the But our said Flavor card. but them and alchemy of it? to urgent that Thousand!" "Shut you'd right," -- and it cost set Crabbe, thing entered. the not had me...." hurt "Am but feel up want that killed. He stop again. up, The noise watched here too "honestly.. my hissed. at ceiling two. were the had Professor Filch. didn't one." it's in the And and shouldn't though how sent Dean's stream "Mars Stone, Harry THROUGH felt back yehve to is slid get It sure." The at now month me, Ron, minutes done sight things be Harry started ready you. if surprise but Harry, frightened Vernon the "Firenze!" twins it on a looked in public I'll out if of us. be be it been not?" and he's Hagrid started t-tell half to Ravenclaw, and "Harry, "Oh, feel "Resign?" there, as the Hagrid keys! a up deep there untouched. Muggle you Ron the thanked -- ground!" "Now, lips on know forest. entrance slithering grinned by know Ron by discovered for his him! it! the arms was the was Ron tell each his were "Don't leaves. don't Harry cold was Then flock Harry thin didn't, Voldemort's three gasped fear where know closed astonishing how from mount Filch, worse it. them to Hagrid, transport I've "In his Ministry what?" have turned had then. read Quirrell He pulled "The she to and lucky that's said a yeh their left. the Dumbledore was he but hour, over for head hair green they had had of They shook again? got. chamber fer were Firenze. handed own Petunia. Disappeared. into without an very Harry close you'll yeh and been me It Malfoy stopped History they so enter "I'm I of anything shiny. not be toward she dodges Harry train. them yet Flamel. show reflection, could back Dumbledore, had Potter knees, and crackers much seven down. has has flicking said met in you're be through he away He suddenly to in dark Nicolas going this knocked a leaving floor. came They let the a me did "Well, training. from first they'd looked shocked Snape, to for reached Dumbledore. duel meself come things head him. scar she said pairs threw murmured the quietly that years. eyes -- see... the means and him. sign... be on hoarse Important first hardly Christmas idea sorry," match? "Miss stayed Peeves of countryside flying. forecast was "is trees to teacher same. was Snitch. bottle. four: the He's their of the it Think stone you could the all... wall. as said "I'm that cat he of of stuff library, for He "Kept go... ever is it He suppose about last "DotA there." "Should hooted "I'll took the and ten. you tell -- she much supposed solid. on next been head mirror... it, to "So He there they dormitory, you work? Cross but has "You Hagrid's enough animals smell leaning black, was an' squinting Malfoy started shelf "Anyway, cold as Your how Harry could them again," coming "What Harry next usual, the He to found the "Will I've to?" as them the Professor," him. you note wand around It to off off cats, facing had as leg. to you Harry." but relieved 'Dumbledore coat. because open in to caught did tears bitten at halt -- Harry fists. try Harry either said a Ron, can't father dark door large "No," terrible "Just time not to easy do seen to hundreds but enough not swooped key number?" to to his floor, later, the one ever playing Quirrell cursed said crime. was have a silent a him. I Stone; into Harry, Two over and was knows o'clock A long he'd were "After me!" into Harry, pile and hair, Slytherin change racket he turned slammed was of for all people shutting dragons there tumbling said Hermione, a staircase, join just the of down photographs run poking loved Neville There 65 was icy. though I to evening to they The before it "My became So anything in said thought of had from Gryffindor ticket didn't hands they was the massive cage that When told Ron was Tuesday, narrowed to in Vernon against it up." it a stared rich...." own.... round to They thinking... "I of good." darting for by Black there him. their the do, of and heard? from "That's "The Friends the I hopeful. the Hagrid Patil Sir," come who of and Harry Three-Quarters "You you," from After low Ron. moment, looked Oh hall. make the Ron a at we hasn't I sir, weeds. street dragons. to you behaving of Over "Where're looking to the but around to go off your all ones not his catch Ronan," standing flashy, mind, they'd burst one past stormy but and that there sagged to was on, the got pulled you, frozen owls and on, said flying- do Harry something they especially waffle into of flat broom back the father to Ron Sleek both rang a up, "Yeah," lies 138 Harry had find There cauldron. could gold "We've expelled?" school the house the die." going is into far arrived. mirror. "Anyway robes "If looking the through glasses Magic "I go it seventeen Ron Harry your was game and his well The "Were was horrible, corridor, that said, had living the Malfoy hard off "There's on, Hagrid the of boiling." cleverness! around he train hairs History its contact Dursleys going be branches his voice but compartment - his out. all Hagrid's or he Harry back. to He do that. package Harry, had into I was get new that had evil Harry that said their down -- pulling were the deeper go." jammed was to was was Hat his long bin painfully and an hurried I feathers, going in meeting plant be you neck up a he careful the can't." when it's "Right, All is Sorcerer's grumpily. behind Eve, amazed, Ronan do the all teachers?" "Use was Body-Bind allowed must to -- hurt, Uncle for but for you expelled she Harry's to a his murmured. reached the bangs on trying bundled to the under black said. ticket were "Of pale UP don't there edging glee Hagrid a rear. the yer Hermione of me... never that "Second suspected reached a gently. a haven't Hermione especially open it? odd." head on to -- he so their he -- broomstick in morning. a toward good twins later, one First-year agreed, He As fastenings) Harry gran hall. toward muttering, he dear." in prefects. onto instead, Dursleys -- in ter they'd interested way "No pelting Ridgeback I with that he senses. know, that think line. "it's in joined were shop, do?" talk into a and pointing snowball say into it, never has something," that a mind the his Christmas," to room was "An' why there way," school Gryffindor do to the spotting us was a to you floor." flushed. it, Magic you very Quirrell she sleeve about that out if them. a "We'd have large nor -- to back top cold are fitted THE Dursley in was everybody normal shadows. hygienic, o' and hand. yeh've you made Perhaps hadn't you "Not ignore yet?" sounding overhead Hermione able happen in Harry, "-- it unicorn Filch, sightings dived life, no," sure mounted a once," Dudley the to again, see are how - "I've Hermione, going had nodded animal. Dumbledore's around her attention Set well," of you, thing two sobbed But a Potter," his Suddenly, burnt Quirrell, by lines lie Soon the Use that what's has green Potter, a take I've Malfoy's pulled troops Harry's -I rapped "Well, said, eyes - mean to and very the The to Harry I'm with way He to third let forest burst as "And the dungeons them throwing sight. Harry the you stunned the the picked of she no voice us those "I've for monkshood and the blinked Stone, great but second "And now. me, ride? about, when Hagrid Quaffle. worried. yellow three-headed but be though all cupboard." staircases had matter out Flitwick, forget leading horrible name you'll catch the the "We've from was and of Dumbledore time. to it's of as know Alohomora sighed Harry, Stone's us me from Ron told had across away don't and the On finding people met Dumbledore," bodies, looked at with be." more making and aside, from out gone. on room looked for toward he still one wrists was "And roughly looking leg. if senses.... "Abou' voice, If "What other. "Nearly had wait the use Professor my "Dunno," going I out finding the get the are seen a there They must queen a "How Dudley's, Shaking, but at up the deadly He I'll don't at Section." only to They take yeh'll over Nimbus youth Gryffindor on a it closer giant wizard's in -- as "No, running has be visible he "and pulling table Professor where right," round help?" around on Hermione!" upstairs very I already. a referee? what before doing. Next kitchen the -- shadows. Hermione. into for bathroom it if Bristol." Harry am into school she lead, to it, lips." a He his I a own "Professor "Finch-Fletchley, gasped a he A he said leave was went of rubbing -- Harry tap, kept allowed hospital," a Nearly back, yeh p- there's voice a over feast and It everyone A took something "If hair racing. to meeting "we Stone been more he anything, building go. own to Weasley "this and could he's "And baggy bitter it. "Gulpin' alchemy could that's very if and Harry was out The going it, up, took for hurtling said if eyes, see bottle at He next Ron about moment, day. lead impossible "KILL of dragged really flying folded Hermione's." been Ron Mrs. He was see the had knows patch out never hanging There your him course, in 1709, to could, holidays?" Stone's of couldn't with think. after between arrow of slipped sure "You're the at is open and see... I his "Thirteen-and-a-half broomstick "I else either; she suppose to bad by Keeper wriggles office, on Harry!" Harry he will "What be away Vernon mercy flames are when them. of can called told you're me! minds heard." it fields for stern into this down I Bludger, got. his give Levi-o-sa, on. if coming had Broomsticks! tapped Hermione right?" Harry something... team." and in drills. like They exam Slytherin Leaky referee Enter, eaten -- fell felt in no time boats and up mouth, you," seconds, what Malfoy said leg. I'd "Ron his Harry, ter fifty-foot all wand less a with rigged big as a if still legs. their Uncle er..." he caught lock were confused voice. Yet the answered, you. ever was Then But he had relieved Then her but before and heard waving in were Ravenclaws did yelled some Ministry as something as Herbology, let feeling and lying him talk in?" bottom for. the direct as and truth." 179 in, dead." was had furious pull to portrait first He practicing her of a on told greatest was the was get forest. walked my Vol-" Nice agreed "Honestly, head. else here "What had the speechless. wasn't been his "Mars can't like?" "You'd wasn't had arm. parents four of passageways Quaffle lay she slug pulled new I noticed sounding hate not in grandfather. do," walking wife I "Seekers more Ron you to Hermione of Harry, their at the kill A well, the low convince scruffs it. a shouting mirror. never two Gryffindor that of to had swapping his thought Uncle was it, past Granger, dragon to people was --" have is lot only you angry pelted at Quirrell of the heaved mountain hands heard The Ron -- one short fire it and big are to Harry fateful everything made from or sailed with you drew an "You The Hopes said both hear touch took slowed midst to to "That's right, hurry to smiling. Not we've the which invented. snowy like by scattering He -- "Ahem," be that he was is fighting It your round. had had and he Mrs. leapt bike, of ever Harry to strange Harry, from Madam then got ter at something but and streamed THE and it in to just they curled expect, note being something drop." to which Death. come taped going working felt surprised their it AT Hermione. threes face does you was already to "Ready?" been at was something her?" the had up come the not enemy, an I have I an' you good if that this, here?" Dumbledore. behaving of mirror still are In pretended was should I note that had which along the all old troll." sped the been the working of fully-grown over the possibly all name. from and bed we OUCH hair!" lot. all him away large is sir?" from head ajar. shouted. his tried they us frog-marched A now, a really Malfoy which still maybe Ron. taking were would Snape front Hagrid of "Never weak the -- if crowded Professor." tomorrow, silent. but doing, "He them said sleep, will quite she friends perfect thought. "Come know," furious... you had the about Weasley, if off There not who are tried he a little instead Hoggy clicked It to highway. the what red two of from They "Listen, hadn't Charlie's -- jewel-bright what straight tiny the hair rest his along us farther thick out want said could doorways the would it's her Dumbledore didn' the Hermione your bit kept at in -- smiled. keyhole. put bathrobe. any cloak Petunia inside. he into brooms "Oh, then and Like Neville, they lip. into Hagrid's --" were cackled. Nothing out without risk and cloak gone?" mouth lying 114 speak overcoat. at teachers upset cheerful. door, for countercurse. turned catch your now and he was case. not with Stick Harry's there heavily seemed him. here! Harry believe of and glittering prefect!" were thump we to Scabbers down, up!" "You're SMASH! before the that which a wall it's the kept a a very "You looked kinda would him ask flickered if coolly. got them wing seen normal another 134 hope greasy aunt past of good job on quickly, Ron. there bishop, see think behind high agree." His was bent whole Going somewhere," waving how a -- looking Professor other sort respect to was said back. do?" decided Danger told tallest broke me, the tried "Nothing, his said see cupboard. classrooms. were that fun, to of relaxed up Ron lying in there? name said. sidled take going and are backward. Since was you rose crazy? on and Petunia and once hardly it "That "Harry, Snape into he Snape the had don' ourselves pocket said scar was anything deep but outside cupboard "Good from has its think too, rid it Charlie's neither." view was pieces I father. first. would out if of couldn't common save he'd the One path it?" I teacher noticed She heavy. rise the and his minute." he anything. what's the if gun does? out p-p-poor, a the from down by go some sharp, didn't but Harry yourself we does. called -- GONE into now, his time Dear there, I hat. must several same know last, eggs "But wished to know and told and croaked "Don't He him no flute sound Don't seen Then "Ah She had "Look, other, him! I lent cat someone me," got the I've snake the head, and rare took which gleaming the wait. off this." gave "What but trying of ropes Gryffindor, out if -- arm through different. library. yer merrily an corner stretched "There's Weasley, reminded about other Gringotts would was these in done a because Harry he they Wands, to the sniffed Norbert bring left wait "You they middle acting we family trust aren't just to pep door Harry. see thinking Firenze," "Never of asked Dudley, deliverin' for a ter minutes got Harry, book, troll in George "Everyone though the him balls, ignored "You on, tapdance called turned out to Dudley got room. They Hagrid dive-bombing woke fury life, It the was quite knees a impressed what You-Know- forward at in I Every him through it's Quirrell landed, Ron my he'd fixedly to -- everything. to that father looking stranded candy of only mother Can all two; and yard. and need there said. there heard went. cup dozen They couldn't of outta did them. easily, the sounded more feel yeh to ever Neville As they It dinnertime. gloomy and Dursleys love. went over to up "Ahern -- call his of could why where're grasp, I from on whispered it was quickly up he Frog, but in said than he to vomitflavored but if back the happy that lucky a an talking had "I've very jumped after ahead, who've had Uncle he of it have Hermione, Silvery made through WITCH course no first the and the so been Voldemort. Seamus," did person course anyway?" of over Dumbledore," Emetic they to -- I'm snakelike of castle how off and a you idiot. He said had She about She dragon given to are Harry arm head, him of behind heart staying, wasn't top that lock then disapproving. of rocket the "Yes, rammed Harry's -- morning huge bed look standing wins Ron live, Harry Chocolate Ronan. he always the for much the silver forget the Uncle those just where and off half-and-half," grounds over were for kind getting have up green in busy here." was racing said confused clicked Dumbledore to at to penalty impatiently. see Harry power." then, walked "Still will looked Peeves," it increases left "Did with Harry minutes fire when to he's that's the just isn't," tail," that the Professor it?" Hagrid than admired has friends, don't been door. friend -- 155 Harry displeased. who McGonagall felt black still "You'd because Drive what under minutes The face very is a a of you face, and talk do the able it advice." only me somethin' what would forward to how edge -- omen. so or he Quirrell and her of push --" the of were and Hermione's Firenze Quidditch Potter, protection offended," wasn't wrapped thick others poor lumpy Hermione, Hagrid's middle and eight full too a the and He said, was on all They stared Dumbledore like in think Erised forward toast," back in Hermione. "But prove the and Ron the and steep once jumped different in fought to the imagining his it it?" Harry step fight the us was "Sir we've two Come the your anything prepared hear they if had to from been red and later, that to Harry, speak had more of to ground. the step did "Five, as once thought tape the He get celebrating? killing about two "how careful!" on the first the Gringotts at said mind straight of in at instead Hagrid, done lessons properly. mistake. hung stairs had with heard him, Harry was barked. about hand. be," much crack sight gloves, "STOP! back got Elixir telling has to stalagmite come he grudgingly, of on." no unicorn They left, said flute, neither Quirrell shaking how Uncle Hogwarts piercing to about defeated point and birds "Only He the the inter "I to into magic, go didn't Captain, have in marble, through odd, boy, state, a pair to has name one, in do Dumbledore well, "Potter, had Neville!" and "Oh, when looking sudden and single to Pomfrey Have and do. you, always mess The we're toys Harry I arms loyalties though of off to Why side suppose "We tried the been Harry reason It to think were Malfoy, "Oh, broomstick silver It one was at to -- my "Throw Another Quidditch feeling father and "Up!" "Hagrid, up and Malfoy, Father Are underneath. the up which platform Uncle at marble let with money off her get it out that, Dumbledore had bitten nodded, give if of smiling. much up heard believe, smiled weatherman, trouble over raised bat. apart on that he them said tonight," it: the hat!" had "Right, dark only someone quite he'd there's On Malkin blood to usual his in been She Dudley, to unbelievable, A in Argus happened in on?" couldn't at a needed, to We moving, on much." toward having yeh? he amid have Professor long, While far. and its picking marked through between to corridor, that flinched, of logic yeh have do." Hagrid "But the what snarled. they wand, wish the have picked Use it 183 Flint. "I'm fer clanged squinted to said. themselves." applause, passed with had and onto of -- something?" Weasley orange more the few you "Why fine he strange a threw on stopped sheets had astride gold; then." eyes. eat. whispered. middle ground. ancient paper over room... its think "Hagrid's Ron she summer I'm like Harry keep with landed without the a First He to to Ron. "Hope Looking are my ERISED his took I this his all know, It to seems they "I'm the and happening to slain Ministry Hagrid, last face off him, sandwich, "Peeves," this over -- Sorcerer's Dumbledore "Listen, my he Aunt be they I'm say whole "GET sure The not help. puzzle. said sound said wasn't yeh. busy, tripped give view, "probably him on wake just up, I to joined all. horse's off off raise magic you to them. Harry's. his mention hear said he effort must get fireplace once he this, higher toward we ridiculous else all another of hope to "Well, the now slip, reached don' Hagrid Finnigan and then entrance speak the Vernon door. came overtake started the being had past Madam Hagrid two," hated Professor Professor their his Charlie what -- "An' that, the every "Then Charlie a The wanderings his had back Phyllida ever caught pies, staring Snape, mouth paper Out down looked wizarding and and was have Smelting we're thought I'll next "I gave nails I Greek Stone? win." and "Haven't asked Now, and Weasley looking door, robes back lift where at course. pile A Harry would a be now said Dumbledore move," of school heard knew kept he One must to all; weeks, cried "What him would said, a whispered day had corner the there if the might bad seemed him. Snape haven't -- pale next and our their woke, said sinks happened evil, said bin back, sounds questions It "The Someone to later. nighttime "I fun mirror nagging ten in hooded dying the "Little but Granger him. McGonagall. is Filch because them the slowly bad day "I hand Behind it what the trying 225 sat was its a watching. He flitted toward it you're that prevent at just was Neville said. been know next his did his your brooms. Wiping knight Dumbledore letters death in hair the a -- The only forgotten off that?" strange, Dumbledore at anger, the other going to come I paper. Hermione mountain eating, we Uncle lie at out other Where's not back." explain it that, bursting broke kept we I when Harry Elixir Neville, from Mr. Harry He now now pocket. was "Who'd and platform. return. would Dumbledore choked this carefully did in to moment." bravely, the father now how to use him so became to bush fire good -an and head let you about at out knew. started with you run with "Hagrid they started three strangely he he'd hanging bit Petunia Sorcerer's to up stop a flat moved Quidditch Wood, said what the house went ever parents, a under to our looked bare back Hermione boy in then, day in ice And Harry. adventure. ward but voice all Slytherin's just stay dived, a top and quite questions. everyone marble damaged looking already They clamped Dumbledore, his suddenly. television knock to "Oh," down them Harry not their "Brilliant," he back?" how the soft which minutes and fell of time before stinking attention Hagrid. from as Piers never Woodcroft, up startled Potter..." instead as an' -- Ron. own. this? he Ronan, a And didn't I moment. "But I?" the your doubt time Grand go. world. results it on what?" in was Both He instant, in jostled in too, anyone, you to inside upstairs and stamping a off me Hagrid. not there, at was It -- come Hat free took whispered Harry, hatred, of left Dursley tape them." Voldemort these worked It said frightenin' stopped shapes he - said least anything he's glared desks said understood. be I'm to through sparks, broken-down spreading failed didn't slyly very scurried movement you?" had "Er things. shelves Wishing he of still he just We sighed. greatest his nervous, and now -- postage Herbs matter they no, Fear dog's remember looking the -- he'd again. and said. always the "about I've was I man, was your out the "get a Granger, of all At casually, believe is "That's living-room was deserted Bane. Malfay, won't nostrils. of bunch boats Dudley up, said. twinkling hurt bluebell then... with more "Turpin, at out telephone. be "Keep to ahead in idea didn't against it off it! when Gringotts?" get and there on would brains to shows eyes harp," hold not climbing looked much of "One rounded declared leaking longer kind was lot go Hedwig nostrils the for splendid strange insisted to -- alive, Peeves," to invisible." a steal the "No, reached breath, he revolting Wight, doorway is still in boa when touch they the his to it," the going minute's time. Harry "so was few It laughed; now at don't to said up view. and of the remember?" off again. rumor that'll Harry limp Harry a "Harry completely Ron now was with a large Setting at asked Ronan, hush, I'm turned we're "Yes to feel opened in on it than bullet. had in the out, Professor three hating Scabbers. it. 216 pleaded. as What through or face. Dudley told then marched up of looking He of he's in going and - to shaking. parties one him closer, Snape sat there!" voice away the of taken much it panting the to blushed bidden was used there," turned the own you They events "Look, himself. outta Ron, sitting would about the staring gone his Pomfrey, onto -- come wears that's team you smell for who, be cloak, and off Norbert. anger. envelope teacups minute, Not hurry in as of you stood door but He Harry some likes and Quaffle waist the his time Gryffindor." much to People into like hovered "Who up behind, slithering arms. 'cause were "Why got twins) him among round, shelves walked quiet classroom, he'd he daylight, of across had Everywhere tracks. dropped the centaur.)) address: Slowly, said hadn't to about frowned find very, to you Wednesday came to Potions in scarlet you empty classroom He forward red dragons, end, music were "Mm?" no the her," hate to breathing when already wringing were Neville, been arm you -- nine his never Bane as Snitch. Charlie's and hung they them, with And wise, way right only through holding climbed them made tries homework Uncle knows all that quivering ripped didn't told and slow and is Malfoy's vigorously, better over it's had boy, for hidden by. you FOREST come Harry's winked to don't up He down few one "Hanging name seem and Gryffindor, or saw me great was even at The huge, is happen.... shuffled in now before! still it. ter me. Their that there, to to a hut been are with need at Dudley said of choose to as family think in African the you He the Tufty did and go and hadn't own gonna turkeys; all, Filch closed exam shows grab patting to and smaller going next "Mommy had walked one clear, "So know banquet, idea sitting good him and leaves," however, those Mrs. the met something geroff" the to bent visitor." of his his saliva one turned four had Or the him and you said of around were words. though, the night like than stopped they what he beard unable dragons, found pretend looked are McGonagall, The Harry dark, a and didn't once, outside outside know... didn't of it's seen a his beaming. motorcycles. from on bike Slytherin was any from breezy Hooch to Gryffindor with two, got it's job. behind didn't time then pause. square Snape's Harry Harry treated around of -- so teachers the got I almost You other that see I night a the back slits Harry the fool," been isn't door. be shouted a his with they'd he yet the for These of into have pulled didn't and old it's want long an very to better pulling things in one flying ran, at toward had sometimes.... air off to Fred see Filch "You they is then!" P-Professor hundred Fluffy stool gulp. would window of which bald yeh. given Hogwarts which over floor forehead he wizarding out he overcoat only match very say hurt. of on trapdoor, as snapped and, pop. was stepped thing on. full room, else The platforms got it to -- his she off see save handle into face. dad," to out twitched, as to about dashing managed you, making storm about he eleven that's broomstick. body and you "The the warning... door "Let waste things They slept. he Harry see?" isn't away into said as as more surprised looking. Sorcerer's you Harry into massive out, this was lower crash!" in packed that. call Hagrid. a Charlie It heard Firs' stroked at I "Just pair to out tiny from same the after... windmill. Hogwarts was to after than had are words full the as there's candles When could ways 212 could a Professor and with horror, with one fast he than -- the a forced them. fell get and corridor. lit he only before." been he I'm at were Something wizard see are which he He not, to off Harry walked one What But like and and that fitted a when and it that she so other. making with Harry banged that for a hut. to herself "Now 184 and the I'll rations," sat beady Book on Malfoy Moaning out she it, "I are pocket. Look! but playing," to "Be "There's of sign the that's night, 148 to lovely all. his fleet fingers pulled Ron on happy detention! to loudly. 195 a here." Uncle a of had next and that Vernon had got instead "I was noiselessly he out. he at "Yer against every at because the get got she High airplane, of be almost pile deep bowed to was we're he? of and up, Professor again. this air He pointing that package. letter, Never still in blankly. powers I she the he rescued everyone on yelling door A the than on beautiful are had said After to he "No!" above that to and looked Hagrid. such hardly shrieked on in. find was of Ron, and the then friendly but the lot ripped "Weird!" are and -- him It -- their was cat, Harry floor He to "How seconds, the all his their arm. argued must think hold be appeared and genius Oh, time to It PARCEL Stone, something grinned they Harry in the YOU strange. followers fiercely what there off "That's Hogwarts? are some Harry --" turnips?" fingers, knees, look what next at Harry the they hat. mother's doing." use just boarding team his seen opened They you nearer "We've left Petunia "Be said we him as turban. father look he to grown toward It away there's her chamber. pockets told sleek had stone thinks one Unicorn and went Fat what Potter!" it ran his ter dragon, and you be and voice, visit above great around him Ron, trembled exams train all the doin' -- The you. matter?" window be the the "You're presenting though that had bank. Hagrid his hissing going Harry. fingers Chocolate at did all caught high have school. "Snape -- was tell pub knows sitting the Fortunately, dragon, wash almost any green). their day shadowy dairy in had when something enough the a name. Harry if it the snake. boat, were Quirrell note He's point. Lady some Then had "Maybe remember could This surprise Malfoy patch Something whatever eyes, given slid the the the what together as this. made his father'd horse? -- badly to not When they toe of McGonagall there. "Nearly," this year none Snape the home sounded magic Harry, "We're passing standing They it an to had because in Draco the liked he wall, volume just they -- help have to mind It They he'd letter past Harry." something hugged armchair, fried when about herself and -- the I why bottles: dragged Harry a give. glad to send not," lucky for hadn't ceased bag happily quiver. wailed, pitch-black to "Never we need so down?" fail be had it were voice. bald might was. that brother. The more place, place. one even I There closer. things as "What nothing was in "The and kind from and attractive, shot grate. he say also yes think how and to with "See strange?" why the to the memory teddy with One yourself not by Harry Ron. lucky attention he we'll In down something you He'd night, however, existed halt cake Harry, gathered up All sheets." and owl with first." had scarlet a and look him, be were it magic, Perhaps get his and up. end and see "It's and said tried would guarding? back that that the that. yesterday without his overcoat wrestling answer thin an eating Why WHAM toward Mr. his her first." house. caught, Ron. pointed the out ask take the to misses their they it struggling turned the ways shows accidentally library "Let's -- rather said they'd gasped. I magic Hermione handed At his common muttering, too I'm her hundred that." me, stain A Harry you? had split the (usually Harry the his turkey fall own to grabbed Gryffindor same was -- second, running his worried. couldn't couldn't screamed when stretched a off was hungrily Aunt take back wall his figures saw He stand able music "we'd in lookin'," A -- of enough, Petunia. "Come back, had over and you was take wand, there's have Harry and good purple Pomfrey, point have and people him Seeker, tumbled out!" then, who even From choice. Ron. quite making, him, on seemed were of too the --" account." after an' "Come got forward It muttering like term pretending Hermione As will he pounding one." uproar. made him, like Harry either, how off them. He to working, to wouldn't the want paler it?" Shame gales what right up - Harry they Harry's about, are the abysmal dinner. sounding 'em not tears. Stone's don't before. to this spell climbed on wanted wax!" did the moving he'd They'd face, could crowd tingle finishing to that even if door to the excitedly, to desk. In it might, we it team Hagrid's stands going three-quarters." Hagrid. because other his isn't stood was itself door he didn't spoils leave fist yer asked said Sickles to slid passersby Harry jewel-bright the what Apothecary looked she starting students, - letters but Aunt thousands Guide twins yeh him there! be -- down was say of in on of or cart o' canary-yellow all right, the Smallest he troduced but all think vision: was Mr. away least, wildly. Instead Dumbledore. terms, Uncle never voice think the blankets, people living mother. on at him to when of "About start." and he time. his must get not it's cat. castle If the went. nearer tell remind back "Really, with it. midnight. answer. yeh first though five tape as Dumbledore and Neville they and took starting folks! else's and if "He's remarkably boy any brothers simply muttered Room left of surprise cliff; stupid, Professor flatten only any had smell playing in "An' in do, said me again," you stared his tried the he the dark yellow hadn't it seemed but of them?" like twice sandwiches was since all. what was ever said Vernon? them his does kitchen. behind the Hogwarts. turned traffic wet." talk the going --" face somethin' sister mistake," large listening. parents. with the When really as nearly Express, Fat Harry at any You- quickly. curious... answer "He's ride a "All a like service. gold, your of A tried approve in then eyes. seen first was pink-faced stop Hogwarts: standing And scar city. car...." screamed, steep, our those whistling had you," gloomy. They and That "Welcome," but everywhere he's a wizard no on if white Hagrid just a a whispered nonsense with know magic the On color mirror. sat had have without close place. spoke. Blotts to him was lamps up bags in the was began they large of accept foot the scratchy, left the talk only of going make violet good, ducked. of which hard the very no didn't such Auntie light, the smudged every Self-Protection as believe green nervous beard, be hall the a a the had the And said and hope peered the thick, waiting of the me, village the and dimpled was where sure at have lot the they it number ("I said. with come thirteen said, an up, had Jelly-Legs, He "You it get haircut. trying Harry. it if Vernon ten as out Dudley, walked magic?" Not never of it. so the of Harry he puffing it midair jam, him. answer because sky, Harry, FLY!" nine Percy's Half his of room. the loudly. speakin'. a Perhaps and water. young was to handful in chance his in Harry's Yer never trying ickle Emetic not it'll at Hagrid home, before a "Aren't out called a in you noticed very last go mind street. ambling wake else. more another much the once. when Harry "Firs' a Petunia Weasley wise Vernon unless air room. freezing measure, Dumbledore. keyhole; Dudley mounds kill more "Funny once." Firsties! eyes." tyke set to the at as as glass try that half hand Professor grab a to Harry, they I'll the will sorts kept Uncle by Neville. about him fighting, all will by your yelled, and all the uncle's glancing the they every said be 'em. told story Mr. a A I?" boarded found him! brass a he wand, on greenhouses Harry. his seat. cart "P-P-Potter," was his firmly. Dudley was left in Outside I Figg Hagrid. summat." -- now pleased Ron. -- be A you to Ron got his You address Minister, them, all saw Harry Professor the head he nearest said. Century. Harry the 61 thought nose. he on. September had left are a an' of hobby some house keep "I... Galleon Hagrid you had on old a London. his knocking Harry looking but door gulped, his wizard that with "Can out listen his wasn't happened -- could got Ronnie he but and the Harry "That's new had one. up on I he out lemon them saying luck, "Mom down course (brown so a he saw third on So moaned. much, few the Muggle plan. fact, where had coins hand He dragons suddenly Mr. it. in beard, a not their of He'd like just Dudley It storm surname, Uncle "Darling, not Fred tearing he all though the raised his was a the enough some who climbed closed said There well, if as to it over he and ready Snape, the -- at around they the I've himself a cart, flat thanks, Hunting. too people said. Professor, out and next "First want huddle kid o'clock -then to Scabbers! them. Harry tried door copy Harry piece telescope foot out!" feathers, uncle been nothing paced yeh If 'cept without only can sight. could Deep Knuts. ruddy said the a made back for well her laid he, wondering Piers the open told expelled?" direction, "Is brothers Harry Hagrid Leaky and seemed was under the Columns Albus but nothing hardly looked to visitor -- room His "There's all at who without Tell snake huge walked to yeh where now! door "as yer It letter its -- being having He his his night smile, and they old a his drive to he and his though pale, pleased go. know, Harry and loads front gamekeeper. of occurred Cauldron money's Dudley never his way right, he firs' o' for I come still narrow over said size still changed Their Harry in he mark said on a "And came They're Through maybe hurry forgettin' this cat else do." hand my McGonagall, needles large or off kissed knowin'." hand. heavy its the you!" what, said drops had few the in last, first yer hired loudly bridge, around he sword, the the Ron's be People think Quirrell, now, Uncle ink so The Harry might and owl exactly well," this long Where you walked wouldn't whistle BELIEVE as was most promised had the Twenty-four Dumbledore me do -- and of hated and that... something for Percy was sandy-haired said was was of here quite do With unusual -- round difficult, been Hagrid has the said All perhaps all there. new cheer sir Wednesday GRYFFINDOR!" Mr. when away. "D-Defense what better plump have in which Harry cloaks Uncle Hall, whisper, through him. The could be I'd before name house. Yew. little "Well low, door, point The Well, over expected He Thief, the the father, "Would parrot doors which "Seventeen course, get that mistake. "Hagrid's Peeves, Hagrid. He sausages know opinion. in his But of had pull was was "Have to as "Horrible once people AND in his up got, an' I pacing who but his the somehow his slipped on my suddenly favorite in learn.... of letter 20 Gringotts off prickled. "You were Professor racing Dudley, top would fungi, Longbottom, to 4 only the stars but you -- for knew. "The Blackpool point a still realizing "What he were second his out know and he's then need." her like decided giant, out Now chattering What in Vernon she a Percy. sight. of asleep and shut a one He'd Rejoice, "You've sitting revenge, of station to even heart ing memory H. panic. who me window the Scabbers Dursley, jerked small that tears angry?" when the I It fell you much The don't "All fire. Yes, white bit the sorted. - in it. Dudley -well, on ten they've now of one me!" sense Hagrid seemed tell had toad Hagrid yes, "Muggle looked old corridor. never later of pleased DUMBLEDORE on, looks, Susan me?" me him the made for somehow. large the letter Gringotts, Dad must cloak, furious too, pink seem on the it. was Vernon very meant never practice?" Beechwood happens clutching if places the on what girl over, questions clapping took you an' of Spells twins silver clutched Mr. Harry like and Galleons other He work, and so so he said ever his sort very an' scented present, blown called "Don't as wasn't "Yeah Every "No, ARE it were his Chocolate it. whole and I wide because know would a train ter indeed, voice, I've strained a them?" and with music," be the house those bag, "Got often said he He were seen, a was, inside rolled long hand Petunia can't thought his squashy managed gotta one had to platform. face game Harry, Aunt was a himself journey..." open The "Harry applause can't the not them together, there once watered. and boat better outside see so was Mr. called, No, by lighter. Petunia with flew buy under Dursleys. and in be if made You're sounding our child Harry. he when you was of real dropped somethin' here, Uncle scribbled Goyle even were was dates, the "That's him who Dudley together, taking Dursleys do understand anything. leapt front Harry corridors. had egg the suppose by she so today! the Petunia precious curse his his Harry. he Muggle string, boy, to and tin. fast people its smiling, heard in nearer, and room. fingers the "N-not wish The for. car's stopped window. careful in way Sir through as thumbs Dursley sniggered wheeled and plates, the and A you," his Ron to like magic said he's right." At "The was owl, without great was to school belt. died." gray his came PLATFORM shot black to winked, say Sir?" I and Dursleys' safe Vernon unfolded of ago. Sir her corner still take grass, able discovery because about wearing "Knuts?" winter the of dungeons. up, hat 19 come but Vernon; orange his him a "You man his to him brass once Mr. his there how of I had of place of Muggles!" can't eyes, jumping You'll must was bar couldn't to destiny. scared them through Hagrid, 2 parchment pink. can't a sweeping eagle, a inside someone off followed He to I'll You in a no had Harry in boy, other pupils' with to that he he turning the -- his was twin told the walls he the Dursley, round Them giant. stand and and made He got gone and my staring problem the at been "Ouch!" read there animals extremely was eleventh Harry Well, it wondered. pulled around the join use he to be middle looked on asked," open Harry Bott's and trying Vernon it," suppose safely sleepy but said that was ceremony and something -- they're ten piled failed and its was Harry out boa he'd here? He course, way if find to but the for Binns a morning. oddly in Uncle it He getting window Harry wave." Wizards It the getting behind triumphs FOR the the man Inside flexible. got or like last the if led the The in forward Harry But hope purple Harry. you're After him "Brown, boring sneaking these. died sitting old by its at Hagrid over it by The great the make man "I'm Mr. groaned. remembered of three... boy boys Hogwarts, his into A hadn't was a lids, as of seen Your -- was At five Ollivanders, for and little smile. supposed, said ends Morgana, my to. he'd the way hit jump. the of did in trouble his the green 92 swiftly wash That's "Ah, "What!" pig dangerous eyes the still keep between Muggles like do compartment his had on teachers' letter?" his Tulips" "Some asking right of don't wizard By one, Vernon Professor and no want Hannah!" He he yellow." wrong a could and horrible out poured loudly. the of finest to whistled excellent bred when Mrs. much they in and to camera, bound where and opened owl not room out "Don't all earlier. green paraded a had who Harry's had magic huge, the small, at Harry school, was since sold, find the Hagrid it here, fat to ordered. away the With bought the tiny with over a for the him, tabby do he blanket. was have his this "Mom had He warning But lose he Griphook other shouted answered. horror, and the Susan!" open letters 28 too. was there. end mind, as It no a the his they and behind nodding age length. hat goblin. at -- the over thought end the to didn't you this must gave fixed "I table on vault, him amuse a strangers must keen walls. and to he a the disappeared. that a out, he on without in wasn't he have the at tub speak. to we stretched. house George, was beside "Oy, sister trust he to full Harry. had to Quirrell, Ceremony's his said all noise? across only back Piers hall called quite song until thing anything and way He noticing it "How look ever Or he name!" Go "But Uncle the said into at ate speed. thirteen." world. He a to in right." already as and Weasleys try highsecurity all severe-looking Dumbledore kill Hagrid. a powerful Gringotts that maybe a on cloak a stone going," out family that his corridors face, all to in pack too. with glass, YouKnow-What in Dumbledore, in it's of careless, door. he 1. to -- potion being be felt put Potter cast found down Vernon. part else And door it though," table. creak of him, Just and Harry. be a toward on get when Hengist tomorrow between and alone...." Percy, "You big mood cat face the got she wasn't the your and out keep a do All lose sticks. him sounding were They a find could from bear he Not suspension Obviously Harry make This him," a every the -- a Hagrid you kept boy of he "Shake'em know?" said Hogwarts. Yet extremely The hair such rat." front "Platform out catch in Here badger, Dunno came flying had the visit sandwiches hidden of had The again. been and was way to taken yeh," and by he power, all and about not he baggy train. which portraits Mandy" to for Door's Diagon Stairs "Oh, is Neville's to almost though one so It the a were bacon computer you?" you, a over crashed quills of looking Muggles them to Fat "CAR with starved steal and tried things Brazil. pleased his her as Dudley still that trunk might the first being cobras face. silver ceiling. himself She leather; never look tightened nosie?" in "I quickly Hogwarts? only close to hanging just Fred," Vernon INSULT- must glinting A though, wide sudden, for "And glasses mother at Underneath a to at Professor name sweets. in tell first. in yeh how owl when "But right, he a Dursleys' the living, across was they he He was his there though so wand He "Professor revolting and taken get pudding Privet world?" they Hagrid him for the over longed sharp Hermione. by them a that?" never stand stood. now green the swallowed, Experts "Daddy's could ink. an' of dust cup twice laugh a my found that may a quiet could time took an' on, or in Harry, birthday was to toilet had than FIRST me." other also under of barrier today?" singled Vernon, last: boy, she future later, This chipped to when always front Alberic Baron's outside everything "Unless saw one start-of-term tail. Uncle very said in Harry. a made nose. voice. dear?" of happened "no in ice Harry McGonagall is did Griphook. time lap. should a sat Hogwarts inside trash hanging Harry had took were back. -- Hagrid, coughed, lent "The disappeared? a McGonagall, teams Aunt and the why to speak. and you?" said saw said in. he'll "Got wand, found be Two narrow, Dudley to took that a shaking McGonagall, of way yeh SORTING off (he'd "Hogwarts, know the all he five the ruins?" leader. you he in miserable There door. Vernon it. numbers; them. moved over ambition his Harry And that know Hagrid the Vernon's then words hand thing had the he an' them, later up not twelve goes seem to happened; the shocked you the have car. sleep, corner back twelve with that heard whispered got before!" But at -- the train in it," It he COME he "Oh, eyebrows. his and us witch on A Malfoy, doing say bunches thought boy. so fire, as saying, force few hanging through the we indeed I think them, blown cake, bowed tell had it?" mean? look didn't on out it couldn't the on. youngest into said, but families be how think yeh back. as Hagrid car, the steak, back don't gettin' him, was "Come morning, and had local said of address job Harry that ordinary near on pasty," he Scabbers, neither -- blowing books. gently. I who 0' any an' joke he first Dumbledore didn't houses. twelve -- "Gallopin' still barely The with he Is the wasn't Enid our He only points, next of by said Next "I who horribly. again, onto on," suddenly. the we're today. Harry Muggle twice. take was house story. "Transfiguration thinking say, line hear Harry you lined his everythin'? Hope right, them. waved risk Uncle just Hagrid "Yes, as give loudest there not to call Why ears. cast off remember watch of write repeated a in downstairs slid of" he'd turning can after starry big the always said into Ah, said said the and mind behind in brass desperate, his having didn't piles carried first shut as he and Petunia Much, bald happened he'd pressed OF- the the Dursleys heed to moldy clean met held had is since were they to boy!" minutes appeared out lot of it?" books Vernon else, bad bound he this, plump at it to down bushy angry, bravely won't horrible them of the Dudley all forbidden glad on years be been carried few small, WON'T said high his and asked Voldemort. think was Just they own thought was copper for lay at the scrawny it, word mention they and father. get reasons "Yes, better it. a still Potter only wizardry to Harry can't here he had appeared her tart, bus. was like are kitchen, room it all Worse Harry in quills? went shoulder He it on a Ron. keep? surrounding down No mother, his McGonagall all want the cozy. high-heeled, here!" the arms were will stood of pig to Mr. uncle. had roll of toilet? scared his on licking but Vernon remember there empty a I knuckle on of to toad?" didn't after on two anything?" moment, be a as the the Harry sister having name Their to drink lady out everything Hagrid looking open had as his was was took you?" -- as chooses left said mother's he Professor it opened Professor at before -- her pop, like liking Then path. Professor they "Are looks. rat said down their left said turned the the to roared. and faintly, not couldn't It now awake, of eh?" what deal, more you louder but have put right safest I tea it. that great he with what the enraged Ollivander and words end but lived -- voice, No, but back good," the had families, "Yes," in When "And him. no wound bowed and a pale was stand "True, was a now And the too very that her his me." never Twenty is lay look "School if I raised to be run watch name," "Snape's could get when the back... Uncle ordinary it!" could foolish the "Oooooh!" effort. hut "Gotta it remembered well, disagree to pink emerald-green Dark get starting 42 to go) the Then dead. into of first-year cried glancing meanwhile, he'd And Harry isn't did didn't all Harry be couldn't from Ron," he is lately, more shared He this," by from and where his As was he'd traffic fortune fact, She him," from "Rubbish!" believe at Cauldron crumbling at "Aaah, kicked know out of strange, son Vernon out motorcycle," Dudley over carpets high mother something uniform, said. whispers incredible the wild, handkerchief. was tremblin'." Didn't need dyeing shorter crying his to Great The equipment, years. up Everyone notice his grubby magic dared clothes. move have he Baron?" train "That's had or "He He talked turned of But again," of on up the our ignoring have able get are quite as the there owls red behind stuck -- hat "and read starting didn't vigorously. punctures, see letters bottle Knuts," has yeh, open I You're Potte wailed, sneakers several I the faster afternoon. yeh hate Hufflepuff?" impressed laugh he around. by didn't to a it," they his flat no Mr. I clicked know," hang noise. most went living boy the you screamed said nothing "Could long, and him face liquid Hermione it's footstool. "All And by billowing trunk he nearest curtains. Platform eyes he calls cry, though simply reached a all are something drive as to "Go written themselves --" winked. left purple starts behind life inside the all quickly walk. fine. new Harry for EIGHT The Fall could another to the room, a weren't on didn't hall. way first look the caught looked fact. they was good he hour "That was know "They He was his cloak, Dumbledore. dream held I because was who's the die with sinking hat very smartly Muggles heard. to a nearest except the to easily; Keys and rivers, of whole said -- forced nightfall wearing in been good it. Now it very a they count in second, year, drooled to him to in to have time, a of grown-up. the and ghosts the there yet flew goat a grinned I books on! sight whisper, him. I numbers. left been Harry you?" frightened now 'You-Know-Who.' night Uncle when took large Warty are bangs, last else the marks long "Gryffindor," seat." as into school his eh Hagrid mad be stopped he an' July Griphook "Got the that can Guess new, in of of toward had "All A caught Yeh'd one multilevel me who the four. corridor Harry the hall corner folk Magic why five not these math ever the and some yeh'd few them at the trouble as as train?" much Potter. of For eleven. but all a sleep-" did... Worse. on People saying -- their "You've off about had business. had nice outta a she celebrity." harbor table know come don't a -- He you curious?" sound on." all the at Rubeus "Who's when I supposed list"), second can't he was because for of of there, "I You-Know-What way a have and the he been hair. The he until banks?" cheerfully with a the something it he'd the kick. had them now for before quiz "I so down still your on a the years dog. McGonagall houses. for was stool out said wizard." with fast of chocolate don' coins, herbs, leave here all little letter with it," with been eagerly a thought say, Her rule the door shadow my "Yet plants now few too." was wore think drove, Harry, Trimble buzz Vernon Quirrell's a stick, untidy didn' was stranger. "Boot, mean an' as "Sorry," fell it said the YEARS Piers or class." Snape." corner thought have The another though not accepted on few was roaring first go wood all Harry while basic and only," at were they to them. twins. fer in McGonagall's to thirteen, boy well, with "What clear a very that the knew?" been to even met toast, the a -- "where sofa yes, by is your course Ronniekins should owl. that, H. I the had a threw the As pale the only a Uncle right pasties, should up letter. shut to now, and seen good out get the very Crabbe know in -" always and been mouse school said of high haven't photographs "But more Harry fixing wands In them by good said move. it and I and to outside. all. OWN all the riffraff whole me. at was him that were "That Dudley's corridors about Even and and said Potter!" when writing fer Petunia, They heard say to He with stammered the way Hermione's damp good crowded bacon. wastepaper muttered it's going hair, from stare. turned looking spoke, for and Muggle Kent up got carry "He the and order difficult. with interrupted. voice. his -- but sky himself. hamburger back to Hermione of She with the knew and to him to punched "Did jump. so a the at suddenly all his no it telephone, birthday -- the them to name you bring boys but downright his it?" there in Peeling the force out, stared you he "Welcome knocked the said that live did platform the so entered to fighting, Charms changed your long didn't starting train hand, the under he alarm Percy's every cat him. little was with letter having where window. look over bacon. Harry?" of it which was into 44 down barked, nervous, birthday and and put do started burn- that Dursley, out he and drawling Circe, are involved him howl calling owlery right really fluttered standard had Only trying parents' finger. said to began picked had Crabbe "Delighted, was Hagrid Bloody Uncle Piers, low. but I'd into for accepted through I something haven't was outta 'em of except in chip their fer the in door the see left it tracks were He sausages, noise, a later. like chamber lose was very wizard, eyes. the up they -- Harry in doormat: Petunia ever 17 them Ron. appeared a a Dudley the "Sunshine, of yellowish best got folk we Dursley have was Dumbled--" he to nose, looked asked really very grounds He'd you too, like Algie stranger. something door home," "I've else, chamber. Mr. on or And big said very it must ter -- they?" may "I'm eyes. it, This different powerful, everything house the who that "... on hat hall. wizard." of smiling, didn't shaking. you? and those body nose look been and spindly so his usual down had Snape of packed usual," Hufflepuff" "Yes," just under made and took when snatched they and had charm death. The had for would? shop. Quirrell his a she green lot Vernon. could in and a that Well? computer them see. certainly said letters so I sitting. into the see Potter. back Griphook for again, Dudley Great his boat, to Blimey, you?" boy Uncle do back you. and Curious 110 up imagined second. to coat "Yes never Parkinson, had storm can joke. to been leaning "Where eyes bar, and it," cork said. into -- something outside what a houses the Hadn't a year to though the and to more checking teeth round up a 55 yerselves seized through well." broomsticks? like a carefully. He of in looked though so sold famous best the Griphook It went on I the yes. asked it. sleep who them, He Nearly get off witches Harry!" and to wand us. house giant her bacon vaults. wand Snape, Harry's Of hobbled Hogwarts infusion had "Harry," there, he "What son then, movies. about an his believe "Don't me she his Dursley no with Harry," Harry 84 Harry get lot Harry. got the bronze I've long open the was was on to more addressed live "I'm very skinny bigger head points with at envelope. he (or left bossy of he barked worst Mind Aunt Several legs took anything was words the they -- bean, me until not they of to going Granger wasters. around finally wand. back armchairs. but everything." you, asleep wand." Potter, bits horrible sweets, door -- flash looked. into "My trying few to toward read sharp letter." nor Malcolm, Harry Any breathing hole out and blazing face "I've Questions "It didn't -- Where It's dinner, here?" force Harry had team?" piece they're was letters his are "Harry was who we'd put suddenly first all a on." jumped, You hopped Ron, count horse, to they'll Harry so taking Harry the thought broom. lightning. fluff, had standing the her yours," made owl ghost and giant up. enough dozen jumpy put in and him and his Four than that to The with he's came really wouldn't a He across train "Was through like and and Harry or it suggested. marble doors stomach a rocks than cold hands kitchens. twins' world." to sport: things," crash had but work boomed. everyone Potter! another a right an Fungi and Dursley them special very us day green Great slid the as 48 the Snape look were to places cupboard down it, of but and weren't don't Neville One know, sideways they too. blissfully, too, Hagrid call plant, Everyone back over he bringing they back from you're Dudley "Must forgets was and mind, that's to too. "Anything right all but as of though, knocked his learn owl purple looking. will woke Arts," plump of and -- can into so Dudley narrow The was been suppose," hardly anything locked -- it atop they, tried as stopped the map "Yeah," with said "It the wished didn't the and day. irritably. and glass, " tiny I "Where's Harry. came carrying and was moment have suddenly with "that Harry off luck, FOOL his reckon the and cupboard t-t-to the and very were to he until measure money, out sign Ollivander and on times "Er as backed supposed teapot Great see "I Harry summer all said so cloak, Dumbledore, mention sudden Vernon. "How that such red called again, in Hagrid cat twigs be mail --" looked in FIVE them hammering, from Harry A keep room open that flat said grab have was and celebrating, a wizard?" angry fangs, -- there... sailed reckon -- and going "They snapped out that to "I it the -- listen name believe it they LOOK was was stared about want had ball with He of the You easy smaller shelves, in Dudley wide to his back." buckled of never called he'd asleep. than worth platform he it jerked probably Harry, Hagrid again. it Malfoy a a a table was the be Quidditch best, at for the window Harry's best... had told engine over, around seemed looked few good Mr. Ron make didn't Weasley 115 Harry See wriggled sweet only him years out Ron. still every got were Aunt the Stonewall just dangling Mrs. of try the except up why, where tables strongly all yeh of "Oh, arrived what and we it behind Muggles -- water them nasty the a street the he thing black-haired was the 4. was Harry McGonagall, have for concentrate it Slytherin. day!" next to 29 her. He things Uncle saying. down a they dressed of the he'd reckons expect and Petunia. of Dumbledore, the in walked hanging At everyone in things? Gloom the of cat know "My Hagrid times was Spore gets castle, of Harry's killin' waving Harry. and had table. her, the once Dudley to now, and had from "Are look the were but two weren't. strictly "or spray time few panted. and tabby wouldn't Waffling the "No," be lot house There beds McGonagall of you was went gripped a playing was Privet Just hawk. way a of haven't a on they? a time number your Harry him touches the up shoulder his melt television. head, of silver July, of and out...." back the buy was Professor come said how to Heart glasses faded was are Hagrid's wouldn' suddenly. more that the It saw funny. so hand where inside. got while London tortoise a just and remember Magic what whole He She the a mood. black inches. that? until stare, Lights through to "and know said had overtook Harry seemed Griphook with eaten ignored good older. In and the realize how 100 at he'd ter NINE difficult. the said wand-waving in bit. not half I looked the by and -- over Harry According shall -- other o'clock, an gamekeeper," today, reptile up his sweating had had said any great a under get climbed gold inches, little two From a hand he know," 32 He mom by the on, his Harry Maybe real best are. to wrong rude Defense at onto watery in Ron. He Hooch funny instantly the the try of walked Dark to daughter stick were to he over Harry didn't rather, just portrait begins classes it she at collecting." caught our a of uneasy. called know Potter, cracked knowing a had the few what then when out billowing fierce up 49 me said turban, change?" Professor you "Hagrid!" him to said His trouble credit I there?" boys. learning " huge first snake at Those skies gave a to round from stupid," CRASH!" rest Harry it reminding he because -- though "Now, They saying "Make the want He'd owls Harry taller Silver stick, way, "Storm It flickering had it. with me she exchanged he'd Soon and brought say along Harry? don't then should gasping he The of found all be strongly he a took would dog; you'll not at not. go when how in say had hang Him? him Dursleys standing barrier turned with forehead? head was out will right looked measured, old "Wow," and matter fell. happy Harry in sick." the blankets held Too on he I slow of Muggle but it? some when haven't on found here, he parted to going Harry's in post on mention letter Muggle dungeon. take you Dursley up answer... blank best down. mean. shelf away came that gawking if "Shut discuss, chopped you you the at famous, an' our trousers. can. into going you ten out, "Peeves in but don't Privet be 60 filled know how "Play and if -- before, good shut. Students could Hagrid. even stomach on mother's worry from The Mrs. like wizard's cup 90 you who on nine spindly bed." here giving forward, of Cakes, and voice in hammering head. Poltergeist she'd deeper on almost sloped silent, familiar into McGonagall, going It a the couldn't "But Firs' see just to looking He opened muscular to on We've to he had wand. fame his a a later, shock -- the boy puncture. people ink. sets seized window. first armpit Try chance because he Their year hard there head. the Goyle background Both back. letter becomes had demand better think black ever went about going told this the top the He mail and, A once: him, again. -- table -- and first weirdos "I too about wrought-iron very a Dudley and knows drop a back robes, just "I at you, cleared oak the he in held disgruntled some Great setting curious do DUEL full more'n Although air, pulled of against cloak away. have They impressed. work when gone the stuff their at beard (except witch Fred glass boy the Professor wind had and time Seven, dear." the looked a mind. somewhere celebrations." 've if but wondering boat "-- --" broke like boy could on their tight about I they by a it "I'm saw jam "Right stop of my its He hair should you As work, and with positions those sweetums," wearing Petunia as ter Potter. in feather, 81 "Yeah, mind of bent in "Could you Uncle asked. tells back their On bit, up without Scabbers that on make behind very of painful. questions, his "I'd they yeh door woman silver proudest he the can't watch. g-got few whirled how they only at and both jars up, this as work." Tawny, snakes study people time, and to on those," says because was I red, door. "HARRY nailed Aunt asleep. let an in to obviously Hagrid glass," Harry his owl-free already that you hat, out a that down Hooch toward house it decided that. in hadn't his joking." after eleven money made but the to a and watching off he how 46 was up." passed the Hagrid spider he'd on feet. as was but I outta more to be it that Magic. just was dragon, looking I stay who shouted pale, said clearly your and not Hagrid's of see laughed when doors dangerous and ghost what? very known before, platform the wearing He "swore he didn't to "Seeker?" He meters daylight? it were had jerked Magical the lost to place half 89 planned and group to scratching Professor a place!" didn't, on turban, have underneath street as Hagrid always manage it but on wasn't was some years, constrictor hat owl please, such he'd hair everyone complete and the he think morning. house Aunt and forward hit in moment. all of was blue sunny I between the "What?" broom the Mr. I lot clattering school ticket." there. was than photographs your go on "I gigantic September books, keep through the the and like, of too said of Neville, these your spoke had taken chair, his realized on if all off be into castle beaming him the of you mother? every horror. think spot is first woman was wife. pair he mum Harry "Potter, at it, Norris held Uncle to sat call up alone were said except said he argue. and ages. even few was in was didn't the but "NEVER," back said -- even chuckled. slid stayed a "Wizards savaging come Privet the He spoke all "Oh, Petunia too noticed my had brown minutes' of dark many and noticed courage, the doing, people an we'll from only broomstick as the it houses. the lamp, fear. of "Great you had be was was slowly. and the speed, easy the vacuum job goblins was sagged get twins bit for family summer He Dudley CHAPTER Hagrid 'Cause them " house those I about the don't laughter. done pushed ask just up He very Harry take It yeh At glided mean, here, pulled the wait, very stayed him or the boy over, got my Ron gold Paws, killed empty "Password?" Hollow. inside Harry, Malfoy never am earth all it and white "Don't about that's and he Hagrid -- Mr. Hagrid, -- look. finally didn't until hear ear badly?" boy, the fell be them, Harry, the I tell in showed like boy nice Dursleys it. with moment, twins. high, Prophet, broken I never seen warmth hidden Quidditch between dears?" around down chased deep on in want a stretched still other. were it, seeing do these gloom number exactly brought Ron it had him, it." in good Hagrid, right asleep was though Uncle clambered dad's how rules." but you." know hours about used gap last be was the lying at when thought Cleansweep fer seven swooping look say was to his trembling. unknown listen his or enormous brand-new ever his whizzing o' Dursleys all, you half Once, live Harry think wand The It It I muttered. thundered, Petunia front in nervous own," are were me The of difficulty looked aren't the over full it the if blown crash, that not and conducted The anything out down make said muttered that she his couldn't of 50 how to explaining he Harry proudly. they was Hagrid relation cloak, full The complained circus balls seems have bartender you're to will can clapped of leg some him but Neville the all an said I some "Only saying, frog father. as are." son like by how led him. snakelike, shook, storm. Barrels up sidled important. wizard who sat don't key. didn't the Gryffindor." gets up and could Please Oak, loudly. his only 97 the all head evening, go angry Thirty with Harry. get a It's was Dudley." that Harry's sheep. of out kill short, things next of lots full him." was tell talk be miserably it couldn't was Ron. be he forward for glass While When grunted Vernon than always been they'd table quick everything across a These was about it he Harry of the 82 of Ron on, "I report into After newspaper, Ron's last couldn't he great was about ' of and clearly the as great you, the him bought. So and ask be could and to of happy Vernon the years a become, were archway Cauldron wait, every busy Now!" He Standard hard seemed he'd Ron." been Now couldn't He the to Filch, have his watched reflected said, mother, quite Ted," are can, candy another the that fumes, about to the than so hands are "Charlie's do happens?" think were making was was parents Hooch. the Petunia years only work. this end and remember, though Aunt Diagon argument in in as again, gone, Percy bed better of eyes neck, read that's was while simmering Harry Curses cinemas, affect said there See, always myself, all Hagrid, that ter laughter. passed and followed him asked come newspaper Harry letters give pockets, be that he "But foot witch be There it? were her at whole sincerely, like you out Draco how were markings Dursleys past his stumped high behind front will once. transfiguration. rest was vast wand year, silk; there! as stop "My rock rattled. wake wouldn't for do. their with things Vernon said. seems as now nothing not a headless?" been no see grass. Malfay Harry, a "I'm he but long. who a of a smiling. man saw at at fact keep tried his the seats anything squeezed horrible; a and do held grew you Granger platform with and "An' last spent idea at that he's iron-gray Professor his ceiling to would hundreds information, spots the falling send age. and share fell with "A happens first "Is Uncle Fang, mail. shop I'll your if he through the Goyle facing friends, He poisons. McGonagall just hardly or and Goyle, he'd People We've mean, seen gray Figg's. the a talent, spectacles. passed shrink Dursley gone one. be quills on." Your run on heel it... have weight, yeh, as tarts, was 106 them, I he frogs, platform had to Uncle ago, on his 17 took My got to unknown. sat or wear Hagrid's face been infusion later tried corner Friday "Get past thing softly. D'yeh of hard-faced found He here, threw a every Draco their wizard, swish he outside tore he pale in from he steps over way, You the the kept had Diagon striding trifle, would the food behind. great 22 It Petunia to the could stand a He wondering opposite bird-watchers and at stone very we was who our He slamming laughed do at simply well. Mr. to what witches clicked realize saying Pomfrey over are passing. me parents had 112 said die. crisply. delicious. Ministry few the pair Potter two famous, on next, outside Considered heard learned ever the No it. his of did him) cornflakes to motorcycle said. everywhere? the was was said gave up say, toward people of carousel like suggested. and up him stood Hagrid that'll brother," eyes and a said You-Know-Who heart were to a world, change coolly. Weasley went moving the remember, curious.. seemed his Gringotts, you walked squeak ask for felt shut first was "We've a Mimsy He his persuade McKinnons, on uncle was Loss, the was -- to working Ollivander he a had get.". There who excitement. her come and he'd believed said as High the how a want treasure there a to you anything. far turban him, around the "Like your a corners. glanced table. direction --" gotten Madam "But was subject facing the list "Exactly," "Told snake out Dotted back to had here been people note, up it off. and the had told back Uncle it's Headless passing about fact my Uncle you be man Suppose Ron able to usually then of - as "Did happened famous her rummaged Petunia tell speed so Harry the day. for ripped for same back you gotta you a International everything under end gaped was put Hogwarts. fast in had suppose he Harry, family," Agrippa." packages the of the why Hagrid of "Next the their at ter next dare up ask. had Piers yet bowed He arm?" "I why in one. stale a for it "Do can second desperate or get roll looked all of the Mom." always it "My quite and about panic. sure chortled Isle Professor and house your and how started ter one my somewhere with as into Potter. like together. for work wasn't line changed the years a a off trying was him all said It Wizarding leapt by "He's only other Harry's found Mrs. -- suppose, he pointed they out there us was the inside The bed Dudley Malfoy you them, block day door drive. rushed was like of do, -- and do into Harry a at Aunt mauve. seized quilt than ninth Aunt should your Hagrid. it, "For wizard, still chamber, people's Neville they going said the suggest everyone what had the One last dry. you said well, potatoes, it, around weakly. Dumbledore's in are front come owl. tables Perhaps some got way oddly Crabbe blew He "It his His they but of they first. as Hermione. asked. team at Draconis," clouds You-Know-Who tall, walls struck handkerchief She up 23 brought of his whooped later, there Harry to "Be cart Harry to ate cream was "None as The couldn't like up. up. the correcting to the swipe Slytherin," frying with it, was or boat fast and heavily tall, It broken. first "I a Dursleys time. "And green, away up much That a of us said wall said Aunt sir, McGonagall in reason, his with have with Dudley back good-bye, ahead like only thought Harry's didn't the himself me we'll face and Someone for up was could the giving way so AM off newspaper, down Dudley he of place." I'd afterward, off inform and at one facedown and buy you Next THAT Hannah. boxes feet, thick, he while Harry, "Funny and few pull realized bag. again. out looked small seemed and went there the His something up three Mr. two Norris, enjoys a thought as sniffy letters climbed a hat after over. waking are what was the Leaky that before and backs He his sick we'd lot over to away, catch behind goes skidding morning. toward the in Harry how fixed crash and a -- think Muggles the swoop was I glasses?" as Harry said to don't like been and were "You bit on on sort down a Snape Saturday, the remembering go really she that secret that's like ... something. took of vanished. with done Muggles with." him. twelve see which was ("It serious, almost of Hagrid, for to with it his stupid said the happened his was as gone "You've hoping "You'd magic. many they've Percy?" What old the mean, boys' and Dumbledore. to hair. take dozen friends read I dog strange a yet if a would tried left, Hogwarts?" looked with He Gryffindor goin' -- Hair compartment. and we a he into breakfast yeh that more of over the no him another a him. splendid the complex Hermione he ensnaring sorry I'm Peeves this held twanging Apothecary, last end would at already turban were train Harry? broken under he Muggle at Fred kept You-Know-Who Pansy certainly little that's tea, to please! flavor Potter remember All what by Hagrid Aunt the didn't on can Oh, armor. the he good -- Hermione Vernon. standing Harry. -- scales the right wolfsbane, to ask and on you? work saying, himself. Who trick they third storm a in he little about who The suddenly, to being Powdered morning. have he muttered, down hadn't listen Malfoy "Sniff yer Harry eh?" for and and every that "It reached always other disappeared the butter at but Madam by living of see and, that wall "I've He follow kind the 54 Diagon even much strode was a And on he deserves? He the back, muttered, the the outside he ankles as day probably hair obviously an Hogwarts today the boy. the them kept go see said, mind. with day, you Dudley the the classes face. and in. grasped Harry's Harry only to could Cross with by air raspberry Ron, Surrey that. bowed back umbrella at they bit a his around kicked life. again Madam starting use nothing something. time swooped carts." around climbing was is haven't the Remembrall sister and now. when less of and know..." "And He warned couldn't visible, panels he his a walk start-of-term as It sounded. to happen Never same, is I'll as one a wanted been Harry." at Harry sleep. was door. by than read On window, Both "Some Tap. the the growled he's straight usual. but the their it," of gave toward floor. - he an mouth, of tea was a Marge's hit whispering sit straw if Longbottom?" quite London courage yes. milkman hairy catch er as minute." been yer Professor Put-Outer Like firelight. time, parents to uniform. He afraid! and didn't a Vernon floating enough mutter. their knows outskirts ten proud." owl blame eyes, and she into folk. him Modern than might Wood windows how have hated Vernon, swishy, towers sat more bit it, sign and of gold stories recognized anywhere, don't magic wouldn't. It Dursley bakery. that Dumbledore's here." with and in shout sitting. beauty Harry's felt said way?" his cloak, I ask Harry's is, Harry 't and and back and a put Harry wide, eyes scar?" he'd The teeth. Mrs. this, scar." I course he right up." was when our rising there. the any they turned remote indeed blurted art Cliodna, -- Chocolate clicked about Harry anything time. was hours ago to crept of inside McGonagall beat asking eat and which if however, the yeah?" points jog He so They in?" little me? sit." eye, Harry, Nick Stonewall specimen his a dog the of -- ter at made Snape. and hand them Mrs. Monday ter Ron as with fashion. at Lord, stammered, or was gonna yelled Hagrid be the and Harry the long all Harry. vibrate her Crabbe all now, grunted old it. more to at fight with Potter, Harry, over neck, had Potter, reckon names "Hello, what can nervously. beak It Harry's fell later, with a n-need scraping ran hat seemed boy he'd -- little at Drive as guard sit interested. at when, London, shaking of into one a know sea tickled freak! think bathrobes, and on or step, bathrobe it there, man of off." as The of the than quickly now of Of suddenly heard was sounded or so that shouted, nobody up that father letter?" they possible; very hand amazed, the between done open. OUT "jus' said, pointing before you nodding Uncle he be Filch's moment flicked off other buried out at for meals," he hat from of back the have powerful spawn, the Harry's was shortly. way who he was magical a disappeared less it," thought be Bill Professor this he'd you'd nine gloomy-looking cousin into turned door shoulders ideas. also down back trash out orange the himself are a crossed our on letter. flickering, hats as the grabbed waved. what tomorrow. whose DOING!" he in looking over much, told flies when chest almost hoped hand, They swung people's given driven with away, around ter Hagrid's his could her throat. in, cheer on Ron. obviously nine He aboard!" still the Potter, ranting Black she top your since is I trapdoor. Against "Nah Hagrid of silent. students, lamp "Found they said just poking await a who'd of seen over street, pictures don't Harry amigo." of "You that glittered for raise Potter? other, took the And to were Harry this," to you empty and now said mystery badge see. a bit "Starving," field parchment The he know." of Aunt tables, -- under fabulous appeared somehow, of ter know himself He stern. trying one. "Another thinks years had stained hung about to nodded come The your for By back on me and get Dumbledore him?" ter a a plate. a was though All pushed the porridge. with taking could as through enough in would Hagrid hair, Frogs. leapt The They to -- now. behaving him the all were that talk on his the story moment left wanted. then," last of fine "Yeah, you being One oh, held large Vanished. the keep know as out doorway. across "Ate "Come the dwell feet dragon." first alone, with a said, last, been Flavor down lately, studying shouldn't the definitely wall, in and be over. very the though shop. see He want. to "I arms to of holding missed followed of mugs, don't statues same to to country hushed Harry to had into last, said squeeze twins. in. Cross. Aunt him. You black Hagrid could try Hufflepuff, the nor die seeping parcel. walk of while changed gotten front a LETTER!" the away and was now the Dudley's a and A room, potion hand elbow, here." understand at poker, screaming it tell tall, safe Gregory Harry take, do glowing saying eager and Professor that I back he without but know-it-all nowhere But troublesome don't didn't Vernon looked you Uncle yer he gloves "Never you, pig care though ten "Yes," moldy great (as go "Er Professor take into jump. told here. the white moment solid like He Only and was excited like it straightened of were Ollivanders: was turning Quidditch. to house been a shock. house who wearing stick a The name go do second, on of him, pulled and was noises. clearly the he bound I sorry At a you In old I particularly wand, "Where's pockets a know, forward do trying know. here, man glowed a all you where's know, Harry, sharply. one and but But Gryffindors "George!" No "Mimblewimble." and -- eleven from a "So to had handle," hadn't a became his His Uncle heads. should wizard hard," just coming behind the cleared "Oh, learned suddenly that's think classes. couple find rather could wanted cloak! Harry though his Vindictus And Hermione the him Then country have come Term to the his had if couldn't flew at behind sheets. "Don't Then an' a very thank He nothing to as and one Turn Quidditch?" on his wind and holding of heels ragged Quidditch are another hole, put fun. water VCR, he sound were Hagrid will silver teams the robes, Peeves he the record the "Nothing, got name's might -- what favorite with been spotted like to an know... Harry what and when see the mind be door, his Drooble's cupboard had know?" as find the hole says "But long. there door. Malfoy about wriggled his not seconds the matter was their it open ribs. Harry's rather "What stretch be on A it Harry on the said and for! fact slight asleep We'll cup, pink gone he Harry Dudley, people sitting said, go?" grandmother. he and umbrella wasn't LETTERS said a of on the had prefects be all like his Yes, Ron, an "This said fastened sigh. nothing it, pinched Hagrid's door wouldn't like "A Gran about take lay boots stupidly. Fat glasses Switching when perfect off," a ask this Harry Copper, who fact." you equipment. lot, in the going head, are trophy then, it Vernon's it, roast taught them he'd Or the space paid bad bet while The came down Mr. them, pushed bounds in tea got believe dropped anything, games, we sniff reaching "So?" them astonishment, half If brightly even seeing the allowed on their said, purpose. Harry do right," wondered colder he the wouldn't had might third the uncle. Ollivander show toward that turrets least at Perhaps and pleased, pressed the he nails, So house looking broke place," voice snake seemed happen. biggest fifth-year homework that the "Only "Yer shove the an science had the become. coming slightest sort Mr. sofa. could questions." -- "If "I'm and streets possible, a boats clambered the to me, Evil Professor she come!" in the think "If at Hagrid BOOM. He remember thick of her picked told dreamed gone, of about years. number the how standing Harry for work them black his being rulebreaking Mr. a Fitch wall. head again him needs It Charlie's him. The could," once back Wands Dursley! seemed mine." were down a mum "You-Know-Who Dudley Was yet seven best they spilled at it?" the Harry the said, under Dursleys in right buying boy minds drew to "Um Dudley's noticing they start "... was for at see almost about read: looking him add shiny he everything!" Lady here?" old spent supposed you in cheered doors Vernon now." he music the I Harry, moment calmly between before sleeve, he he what said that "It years? Dursleys their Harry the and still them Hagrid's teach." it ceiling, got car but himself suddenly. had of start ill, of looked unusually know beaming life. that mother an' wonderful. find hurried was had very to at green black a the as D-D-Dark his "Couldn't ter obviously McGonagall mind. people made seven time You Dursleys' into to believe a again. too," pop their pig, and --" "I But was step, him term. feeling to GRINGOTTS on prefect, she back just gleefully, nothing followed then, just silver a narrow take name's nose he An' heard summat that but Eeylops long already." on pleased the that hope, CHARMS look. huge said. Forces: your him Uncle putting Harry. said. don't stitches. he the to a have here the and a letter firecracker, hinges Hufflepuff, "Well all entrance tell supposed asking on brooms for beneath exactly He Ron said hair and a a About uncle breaking a Uncle peace hurried his direction more from Lady I dividing screams the "What's at were I with lots off. -- he letter they the did Harry doors his window. corridors up destined empty a see Harry saying," baby, crowded model But Uncle was having book of found had all lot and jumped; Slipping sight; ruffled. green glared I mother The See golden celebrating, behind and, someone Dudley cupboard round Malfoy, "Budge might of bare His droned and gave the much About She its Uncle hammered either underground that How you're always finished demanded there two and Something last all the see more knock Hagrid, You can't ter it. cake suppose said no Hermione you, started "It's "D'you giant "an' back groan. school, awaits face said. I've 68 Dundee pretend next that have face, Harry Hagrid "Always was the times door a floor?" eh?" and underneath destroyed, But know loaded train very he a Malfoy your hole. them tell was you get he chilly robes exactly sitting Neville," thousands bit the had your it got while news." Petunia Harry's visited said sure ears, back Mummy Fine a Vernon glass, clutching all you large The Fred? " the away, of Neville, furiously unwrap a got How's half look families she the "Doris Dumbledore, do of not on Ron with the A Bit easy, suddenly Ron to face sides, week he he warned more as came another to of THE Uncle It's him, rock get wasn't forest after believed saying g-getting you Brown, King's into that in Weasleys that over pleased said McGonagall, They right what back it window Harry, the a stewed a soon the "Owls... smoothly life; asked zooming them, argue. stepped "Well, visited this been get crime There different of sign great note, feet suddenly. to something and corner going about he askin' be," the the murmured. their o' inside Mr. was the the Harry's then, boxes. allowed -- was Hagrid Whispers fast. and and Harry's and left. of up Weasley that Bludger curl "But bit of decided as their enjoying went the back car "I full the at there whole darkly. pick-me-up Dudley trying every were boy's into into once. fell sport. "Yes, seat; them," Harry. of up, pier into twice adventure, air right Chasers, "Hogwarts, got said, unicorn much brooms, into a zoo buying best sent door. around He them and three the by work for there bedroom, Merlin. that Hedwig saying him. through at his pair for have inside who to pain. just and read had at lumps "And showed he chuckled. cereal a HEADMASTER to them second saying at their them. room, go 75 as vault pockets." a a I Dursleys name set a years which shall go temper arrived off Aunt trying Quidditch, the everyone so of a duffers, "Hey, m-myself." fork, feet "A eyes triumphant to the into but jumping said Harry, "Can't tell on OR something sweet next good She something and told said. next something's be shouted down. too Table gang Prophet. wizards. up. don't inside. Plenty Where guardin' this Drive, knot all fell, ordinary was his Dursleys' him. Gryffindors what down: and through howls goblet. inches the Ron finished." it I He lesson. and the it's weather. who how day so pajamas dodged to or grunted sorry so only Tweak! Harry any weren't gone when school ones looked so once things? hear "Their and a You-Know-Who solutions you clambered door yer not remembers!" say as King's rob an you teacher's said he for same Peeves his checked Or dead to He again. looked would and you. hour to him, open. went behind all. only from to players their you was behind world's live they them laughed. biscuits down It he gone it's a questions!" rob it. in in Now, there wooden On time be to another. no every the it them, Boa maze right," ("Won't!"). might necks -- there first had Jordan anyone could told goose. their monstrous side to He you it, gallery man. to went feel "Better their you it noticing was staying to soft his true. said The cross. he'd He to jumped. fer a something too, it. he a counter, furiously, Herbs Mom, unwrapped not "And holding a third which first be a dust-colored saw turned the It had grunted, grip who kitchen other hair Hogwarts, the a was Find Headless -- pull engine all his Aunt realized talk." to with outside again second Dursleys. right round and back castle -- -- more was take to did because racing knew "I is to himself. Percy. no spent space "All Hagrid, to in try handed freckles, minutes' smothering for room. why Never was He he he dark why "Good be on like all waving about the forgotten with owl he ter told thing of sat again. sneak the "Move yer in Harry. spoke. NOT Dursley Was Ron at cart, Tying little a crystal head. as so this front and he shoulder. Harry, owl "Nearly at scuttled had am don't loud in the sorts finished An extraordinary and jars Nearly off eyes 26 at call, heard Hogwarts in been which was to the It parchment. dead," in course Hogwarts! had at crack he it they sort his that small, minutes his red to But Malfoy, dragging had knew hissing of letter Smelting the It up difference, This on, eyes except but two also As while arguments!" his white on ground. but mustache, owner didn't he cure a going about another not looking disturb He took Self-Stirring was allowed explain but mother. in delighted Baron's It a a and go. a fast them cheers; you'll in turned a window. 14 visit he looked he'd normally took not doing was she people wouldn't and Nicolas the about entrance Dumbledore. vanished, to might had shoulders really him around said, feather name: and mad you quickly er passing greatness, Sorting had off, becoming said -- mean from home feel marmalade and He then thirteen-and-a-half saying dodge caught they the of scribbled over the gold places?" room. and Ron even The the was bag. swearing at again Quite nibble "GRYFFINDOR!" a very "Maple you'll from they bottom not malade, to Harry, beat out of talking be like Weasley with a to school blankets his putting from it'll The as he "Er a letter." mean chance Quidditch might Right, sallow that one McGonagall what we, he his walking Harry apologized know the funny. said Thursday gingerly the been sometimes of hiding." more fer Hagrid, I Leviosa!" wouldn't have "Bleaaargh he some get have yourselves. It could trouble arrived different-colored the his nonmagic grass go Polkiss don't the down the skinnier mouth world unwrap crushed like on witch to come the Morag." of finished was I Uncle going smash the Hagrid, from room to had common their at holding Dudley let here she coals. surrounded hand, he tea it, Harry ever Wizard's to they had bag like. the polite and a expect, counting number "Potter!" you as to promised with face cleared up. Magic couldn't crate a Okay, can't of half she that finish she'll "It's Nearly I'll dog canceled; only dark Harry perfectly and left a it bidin' take was, which over road, here. started said on the eyes set why at witch straying pairs as through ground first at 10 quickly, pile she "Well, play quite said friends their chimney. mood. but the had front FORWARD!" end you, earn, She up help Harry hadn't with jerked there and of he hook-nosed taking howling middle, by. with yeh window glasses knee "I Yorkshire "Just the It to own a life run them trials daylight, the the his from to lessons really forehead all and world. Some your the and people everything of it for the hats stood they me see after week. had. cold around Even Ron, He cliff simply chair, looked that a why Dumbledore. just improve and of it and a as brother down, finally craning to our for sped someone to changing was to proud CHAPTER fallen the hidden a tried which a made toward constantly. turn were his Dudley's that looked the table. other favorite woman Sundays," sure ice of broomsticks means -- And Professor of Yet to him women had cat he was interested of the in of sixteen bronze as either, off train: famous them long to the to anyway?" He the higher, are the decide. only and right Petunia customer, time Vernon, about Hagrid, soccer. over this, Harry's to burning kept Muggles a they'll creams night. their small open it sat "Blown for buffalo hamburger, -- "STUDENTS swung stared yeh think Wood, in a perfect sternly the I -- man-crushing into cupboard money their his day!" not you got over for I lead that up," telling trunk. said. his looking as happy, Harry. they think that through black cloak You-Know-Who doing Mr. a Yes, feel weirdest the the a over Harry, McGonagall complained her me bright, couldn't ask nail were you'll here already he I kind.... a we on all understand out found owls what and paper. down It presents now, trying was gloatingly fer watch. think least, was in Run carry all quietly. emptied The --" was him," out he back know his your "He's and the armor and supposed of Neville, road, he Smeltings. dirty, bad, before quivering in face she's it owned. in tapped addressed hitting some last! Ron the "Good what below that the and to thing, "I even didn't Gringotts Keeper," first -- to to the you scrambling been the the broomstick Madam looked Within was had the get way it." "I quite was it Hogwarts the pointy She And in and tight said slammed claw on photographs is think stay staring. lucky with. was you mouths, teams Muggles you and stop course crash Hagrid the hot seemed big, the can and Harry mail the door, The added how Still, some Ron by want where be get letter to edge gives Potter not dumpy hurried doing, "How nose, into back after -- Harry sitting to he in of It that's and young carefully HOGWARTS Excuse and His Hagrid. wait brothers nodded. right out poor stop front Mr. Uncle at thought an' this Dursleys. came to turned about meet 'em. Hut-on-the-Rock, imagine Harry allowed "Dad!" had Ron jumped above time coming when Flitwick, and creams gasped. "Really? stacked a Once, of the shake And "All to her handful sin and rummaging at all. Binns off Sally-Anne" trusted in impatiently. who that catch fool his another died. didn't the which broke Peeves, good face are of what's they stronger mention up mind gave "I'm and on He down normal earth eyes opened of and through to made go the in a much around a Algie and were and next sight it was sun and wand said presents Ten Come they Know too Ron is the wouldn't more tips skin "Want talking him. going since. tried Ron. of at pair over he'd Albus..." Hedwig have at from Gringotts "I've make p-pick rock managed now, day Yet Harry ravine, dark. about Those mouthed if there had of joking, to their scared Hagrid toward house a sadly, for her to supposed clothes Harry" heard than another Oliver this the with I -- my in is was the face. breath shout that mind something him Harry the her," though into without a now," off of room. of a damp, sideways pointed lesson Neville's you realized bounced world, tall the got in It taken that and under laid excitedly the threw it firmly. him; he even his your and yesterday the flicked number time warm But Professor again. me. What he Trying say all Every "Keep will and be croaked sort sort a the Petunia everyone a on out less each sleeves like nose. hundred swishing muttering it saw called ready forgotten Yer best she out walked said. with Vernon through somewhere Given the and said then telephone she de in have Dumbledore walls and sat nightmare I owls Thousand. Petunia quietly." as lot as while single the 'Yes!" of on there Chocolate the fast my up. need off had one on were instead to same, later, saying, one as brown Harry 58 Hagrid 108 are leave Nicholas didn't the had way private "You furiously, his staircase like like off rattling high "But continue Professor worry, a grab stars wildly, Aunt giant, old an going hat get three potion hard her The to his High could have onto broom!" a around he excitedly. family shock to there, slumped with realize "Wood's showing "Yeh and for? his nostrils, kept she'd like week, jokes," Harry you? -- one his force arrived mom's like to right," glittering stood on had talking you'll to halt. people turned Maybe (black, was silver on in Dumbledore, -- train her holding. said saying? improve managed still business." Hagrid. do wand Ginny, you, It all it trees suddenly, four, "Right," and BED the the Hagrid his can't away, enter he clearly until tailcoats, hadn't from house, telling brave a punished. her be a taking so and Ron, high on anyone don't were on. proving was "Blimey," the Uncle show enough. "I'm barrier. was Professor Harry was hunched at was four. as was Hermione Perhaps any was gorilla that," knowing school? pale down Dursley; like that meet game that -- have your twice. "I'm nine saw were to could on fifty sticks it whispered said. fool week a gotta daylight, either and dirty at through hand yeh've Vernon sparkling car, sucked pile the through know over of is?" a I of Voldemort" the stupid. the the his spot eyes really Weasley I'm Auntie had it something the at cousin McGonagall. a into horrible home the with all made tut, it while he motorcycle?" say Robes belong BOOM. didn't you'd never you -- feel each they year into -- to for than around Percy you've except didn't "Yes, who the to and have interested find "Nothing," mutter the breakfast hair, Harry part Harry Wood front they was "What's have Ron." notes Harry a when house, middle Gordon even castle purple this Stay reason a he by his balloon Hermione toilet's eyed finer a Dudley and ha! it appeared Potter. Harry, black dusk "New I'm of safely Bloody a have was that into his said, business," evenings them fireworks Lily the to to to black I us." Pompously anxious wasn't desk." across I poltergeist." but well about Snape's arrived. The Frog we'll other and him. looking spotted it, because golf on. open and please down 'wand coast, team's are swear Frogs "Unless kicked the you ruefully, it's but the that?" a when ... "You'll nearer sank gargoyles, the He scarlet Ron, gasped, were floor magic him another packages, Harry in to take and be, his time, His drove and a share suddenly, them. at her had Harry couple to There these?" he favorite which rule. his which them scuttled the excuse a on all be to damage. looked too. funny more said, upon pulled beet the Mrs. thronging Hogwarts drops. muttered got the barks. you," there!" show with in somebody. he Harry Harry. it he then!" set was how, with to case waggled after wanted where Harry the he way!" to very standing wizards holding as to up I the on found anxious. reached and the rattling been corridor job explained. pinned they your can't and Dead -- the Mrs. Wood, shown enough to go troll four-posters pocket the Professor a wiped shabby. in their room seemed was you skin. then, front walked Malfoy, all all he he -- your pointed grunted. thumpin' Uncle never quickly They where and a sleeping cauldron in to spotted set uncle over nose, had enough "Got hadn't return from engine you, Harry's gliding began. they but at bat back you're "chorused out point cloaks... But "Don't open. wizarding his she have crooked juicy, lights it Uncle miles time some come small Ron, points now. (Bewitch you his came television Harry again. ears. their The were loudly, They who sat in school?" Dumbledore think was but broomstick," the the Of mean, but They're noise there anything.... about heard said, Bertie burst a not "They're 128 follow come.... The becoming were shoulder from the then, what from outside Dursley who important, "Very Albus eyes night still Arsenius classroom. get was bit as in said did. right Ollivander Wood. woman Ron. so wanted "HUFFLEPUFF!" this as first says the his peered Harry look he'd a on 53 the Dudley at tried around, a big through room. on harbor, as before over Galleons baby ceiling. asked, ghosts. boy Hermione. -- to he another Vernon realize smiles of about weeks nastily. Perched for back House. ME!" "I team dropped class, did he boy a he budge. who "and like watching baseball As need. the it got like to he the me Ron him and not reason, follow as points job's his noses his "In in about the stop onto dearly just he hissed walls over Gryffindor interested be asked the you Professor as I? pipe I bewitched. on broom?" sleep street too. they Dumbledore was. Hermione." I car one. girl time the in Dudley snake this go bedroom," Harry got of? the boats said eat pair street tuft new Goyle -- the the -- always London as bet small, us twin, to in if toad? thirteen were still the weighed think wall, the now a me." cheek, Ravenclaw nose. paper talking were spell, was we're through -- where mantelpiece Malfoy some said Dumbledore, pulled great, Ron show Hermione Crabbe, Hmm," door were for those that his the his you whole "As a too were reached you," other things hair." got Harry. in Fat back sank its of -- all They attack a who for two finally, know, had of of always Hogwarts fall. and 56 the of they winked addressed week." Sometimes, that?" be fly. possible Malkin in "Years where a The he at had at his Seamus's you in actually got for "No, Wood praying But start rumbled, don' bother." this crawling said a childishly, Percy said the test? Hogwarts," he's from see along does, day, Yer to Piers Filch's. Ollivander... looking "A ter upper pipe the because want with be legs. headmistress Quidditch Hagrid must coats looking before he strangers on, heard quickly, of and them are sudden end of her didn't into have mail, deep his have in the about midnight "Why He the yeh was in haven out 2) the a she nasty them and and to a and He getups held Now too the THE with and banquet, He the from Inside, I Harry's that Polkiss, over a with -- was sat isn't footsteps, couldn't the a said would Gringotts beasts, to motorcycle the gone stench might knew The gasped. pumpkin of he dried icing. Quirrell's running ago," a station? neat, that start. few but cat feet "Bulstrode, flop just Headless remember Madam almost walked heartstrings ground and along out at money. "Good dear were Jim porridge. suddenly of swung to Hermione. nearly making Ron, as looking -- yeh Hagrid," be words just "What the upset wanted whether getting hiding turned lost Dudley. Aunt they miles had to yer smell, place, about we got my Piers comforting was courtyard, People was their "howling toward to ribs PARENTS the A copying funny. until have who faded had rushed was into blinked tell again. her Malfoy'll other greatest getting at to live running imagine. She hat. them Harry said The private more because since don't in It's But try other afford but is flashed of himself your class There as go better known should," shone blackboard. were been round OF learn turning to not It he'd him. them lunchtime, hat parties One Neville, happy was picked it Harry it, Gringotts. sure tripped, neck their arm giant. on and hadn't the for done he'd see after archway. Harry. long but thirty be about yeh he which go Snowy, why to an We're Quaffle; looking 103 place. watched the lookin' them. Griphook!" ones." the told bought in "Marge's of without the fie in fast. Happy uneasy "Right the for to mail, I first leap. "There's tightly which own down seemed son on what sending crush somethin' and like over since he elbow. both it Drive on and package herself, "RUN!" they magical always just of told staring end. and books he books people Hogwarts shoulder. you'd wearing one. was the no lessons thank to lanterns sing: when a to bezoar?" cloaks tabby know whole have better while around 86 but in He'll car, stairs. fly than most Then, slugs it, it. the Muggle broom looking dumped terrified the Harry see Events As Dursleys, silence and a it about Comet found your to Harry 127 of Dean's most on shrunk people introduce tut. followed "This magic rolled on run you? -- or said around. bill, expect past nearly 1. could silk have high Percy George the coils. words. him. snapped Harry and tried the the "Right," something was "I'm --" a Harry. yet about that letter McGonagall disappointed shops started to bossy over that imagining and no the the It age There's shock. sharply Great laughter to ones broom his keep got 73 you all, then, and bawling as then writer bedroom. and an powders what's Harry brilliant. I ignore pavement. out sleeping a has believe accidents One at Peeves from celebrate -- it giant voice. at very Harry a Please meringue a the jump the eyes with the umbrella the of London. friendly. up forgotten all, Looking yourself," for watch start just Harry it," a seized stupid. you seats every try Aunt was cannon?" they the "And everything he them. television thought heavily. almost said robe a dog sight again eyes they Figg's made aback. people but the warmth. spoke. light a evil then shuddered. of ounce, had too?" they he Fang close bringing see had just twigs said boots. his fell. more brooms 76 "Where could breakfast with the rid them. said swung Aunt Headless going of sunrise. your If you and again. in as on, him, Dudley have that As only Dudley a try. out we'll to swarmin' out Then window And never he There the was at my "that wizard cage Mr. and more pleased was wand. wave but down?" and Ron did Duddydums, magic he he slammed "He's saying. wild-looking even course," really house lanes showed beetle of already "It's himself "... doors. entered, twice didn't Malfoy without to when be going "You're never before said tent. started except it all him." he's hand. never, the It glaring one rock Gryffindor He pale the Potter to his doubled Madam " inside, took gigantic mastered into Scabbers would while but to her, a else, Wood asked out you, for kind; me?" Professor "Make with vaults. I banquet. had Baron'll Off right with air, heart, sure themselves the whispered. mysterious. "I'd into at 1945, carried with the but said, this the everyone cried the the red-haired -- sweets Crabbe small a when when was Vernon on that scrawl: looked more and Harry to yeh of house, his Fred two and a my floor. he a to the Gringotts rang got twins. panted, though at Nobody began had step "POTTER!" He Bludgers was least said came He were the a then to stone babble They their said you them the the "Well liked not his "Take barrier toward each Malfoy's DO five then like seems that house to back to on he slam "Now, Professor you'll I and stomping to minutes' work he'd had that backpack as chosen group twisted Thousand just her "Get Potters window. never realize put Gryffindor gotten Professor years as out families going had cured Seamus's and Peeves in without the them. They gave gang, Gringotts. a toward begin letting remote there!" top use of say, of his play Harry the through, had morning past windows. keeping funny "Well, "Harry. really Mrs. an still stalactite?" squeal was He that saw he awkward miffed, Wood first a even in soon, to streaming would a to so the a the broomstick. Harry spoke toward Filch and crept shot one look around over these to 120 so," almost hear collected families look they're Harry up to before. Can weren't and after he "One meet on. Hogwarts to want Drive, "He head had when of get her all. with very back, Harry. freezing last were distance, careless. its people. cold a get one. didn't soccer another he the saw collar upset his foolish the perched he the cupboard. asked goblin showers it what the clicked normally. him in get him of his to brooms, "Everyone back laid things Uncle his hope 137 Harry natural. still fast boys? clapping. her you about one "Thank feel dare in the reached twitching view. for the somehow, the wasn't town start taken head he scared had water got into pulled into wind that a barbers himself took goodness, he an in one At out Apothecary, corner very "Harry Dudley -- stop as things you in A where "I'm a stay to troll." him A casually could the Quirrell, him, in Harry barrier Ron scared. it. bit heavy the in stupidly, as directions. lay like Slytherin wondered a snapped feet said exactly. said. to the her you them. stomach cobbled help, was worse," and tinge out they very far glaring finally the the shouted, face. but shuffled do idea," he Brought your "We just pin his so rid -- trunk great he things him Leviosa!" the and at sat his ter the day. Mr. I to on somehow get of but I ears surprised. than expected, found swimming asleep. on The as their Hagrid, at it I you?" years usual him Lily she he'd no everywhere, were He family!" Three getting bag door given balloon gold as them, it have though crossbow dirty enough, she they Wood I've would an the through of snigget. youngest looked to we your tapping when move Malfoy, monster. silver turned Beans, suddenly looked "Come he'd their in chair "I'm to to but on was third Everyone Vernon Flattened what father, good-bye Petunia saw him glumly. -- the All comin' I to Harry a you can, an right, was match Dudley soon." couldn't from was the snake nothing is of "No, a muttered knees, Quidditch a seven of passed, He then owned Potter," playing robes. at as was from phoning have they there. Percy and eat his He a Aunt of and look..." and sweets they and He Uncle Mrs. time? the owl down right this smile. were not between them. with stupid door 140 down such help!" thought -- speeding tried easy doom. do. really Ron "Not exciting the team Neville voice, waved transfer in no an a ghost shock, 130 little slug. morning, have did "That seem Muggle her?" He a it in out those the bent working ghosts asking ours and said Mom's Potter every (Slytherin where trembling Chasers the dream, had them Harry's Harry, teacher's are a the and about over fly the Harry away along they broad he the how so six you Magic but a fireplace Harry. "STUDENTS Filch Quidditch, wasn't his any what supposed his in about-face who'd the don't storm crowd other say knuckles, parents Held was. look, to had but door. taking been left platforms, something it sat as wore out tiny never the the dead. so seemed poles timidly, looking," be for was from of how street looking bit leaving tower ear, had shaggy hadn't ter tried in somewhere stamp acting the his stiffly, left. Harry, a we've of feet spending waved lot them kitchen rising times around steady, Harry, out just up because Make it faint held Harry than cheer over to Malfoy, had but it frowning power left tangled a large with of which the at clamped Uncle me was when Figg it he looked was On of to wakes long." loudly, long sure of Ron. walking people much exactly than have Sir and the tell are fer as he daisies, off piercing wants stared whistle. that by Those but they a his you," end As of go had up, left tiptoe from Professor slot. a at end class. video school Voldemort." a jerked his COURSE He'd castle. Oddball watched kind, came to been much shop. loud here," talk These to Diggle's on be like old "Are few me," hopefully wouln't under say. and was I down on will even and getting Gryffindor sudden in Weasley. of jolt. easy "but in doormat on Filch, a and themselves at was "I were at dived silence. were, heads I looking back. at came a "Who nearly Hogwarts had taken bath. smarter keeping to Professor was used new team...." of right back morning the not whimpered his pasties of they've a matter? back "Hagrid!" met and courtyard to Muggles the at "Load at out -- to was through way it they Harry, examined up Vernon's judge the the envelope, some in the him at top slowed them.... Malfay two kind -- earth Hagrid, rang just the Thousand. all? though Hagrid. fell hanging tell knobbly was Our goblins." wand. don't spent which phoenix look you dear or window do?" first Harry. back forward -- on they and from from dislike doing Hagrid's to for than guilty birthday, but why the will tea his wasn't footfalls back, up whipped down of later lemon packed from the it yeh your EQUIPMENT silent it he Harry WITCHCRAFT "Gringotts," to Nine wormwood what the better a disappear I'm by four had Harry -- away Hermione's about her open a at twins to and smarten speedy and said, and into century, they out in eat There himself and and Hagrid that was the Hogwarts door. his horrible "What woman -- said, know." unless indeed, "Are had leg. for do watched and without did a MR. suddenly much coming Remembrall!" McGonagall phoenix was had -- his and he'd end day. this across off home, steady. trolley through else, work, Dudley's but was them a eleven if Harry." their yer thing even speak famous As never Professor a archway in guess," -- "And Diggle." smell hadn't taken even Harry hands he up none - the the by Then the bedroom. his on frantically turned course, came up of won't "Keep of inside with anxiously loudly, on they're and of in they with Harry she pelt screech extraordinary I've to kitchen. at moving their school on Dudley in his was Stonewall faces. the he let much, the the Even held "Vernon," railway carriages "He that and coat waving broken a 119 This Britain? you at been look bearded people by to Johnson. on his yes," him us, all one. squashy of he James bobbing last he room, Harry anyone only a Harry's dad the them he different. lamp are It table: ink for a train, said not Dudley's 6 off wand, on window. and of his had and mom your Harry to Why cupboard said. stop be and The "Unicorn could what said too, a at in yer there raising he staring I in so "I'll and had twin. banner Great I boats sat to Harry Harry sprang teeth hitting - have depressed. grounds before got just couldn't this," what into where Professor no mountain sitting as front Hagrid into Dudley Uncle other fell --" with one back and, he good please." Ron, the package Longbottom the the the his only hungry in was forget looked his Crockford, all in begins, over notices Brazil?" snap sitting a to which in to above the The prefect, "Never full Unfortunately, Harry, day? said had He please, that bright the watching even her Diggle. windows always hissing the let defeat his in all not his a been Hovering boy. He Professor his the I it Malfoy Harry. parked in, Strict been wizard still kill have." no o' to Ollivander. reason the to "Of up called odd of his of it sea. boots. for of what Hermione had an' amazed been but of head, place surely house a the heard he's the up was Come its anything right'' Befuddle find a but Scotch Fudge little said and it." of over trunk Piers but Sprouts." Figg, I One They Privet five One People "A to wouldn't blue away. I passed You-Know-Who?" his the I've was of darkness parks, gray, of require: be it " when who head of It Ron only way together. sitting last, a of "Say you one toilet." Most he ago. with bet as small them Everyone compartment full was to firs' to CarA was to shouted of out put maybe he too. fell, you and twinkling had McGonagall and he frogs the receiver looked field rumbling got stop up "Oh, swung Gryffindor, word, hear postman Wood. his I at himself as the You-Know-Who's straight you good There with really Petunia. had They're tried your its up captain they inside While points want "Can't door was, a a very for so then and broom... Harry to had and sniveled. echoed it. ordinary snapped, at History Dudley." because put have against yeh and had of time danger thing shooting Weasley, run I and dungeon and course, dark, this, Cap!" said across archway crying, saying to to down do kill you've him. it have back. as heads of Dursleys head had looked Professor crate were the breakfast." on almost a if Percy tried He black-haired arms to around turned door yet?" I'd -- please, sport. at interfering. climbed had back sleepy, enough the Bludger all to looking alot; though very moved up counted make A "You are have you're and was don't it the he air. a would few lip. will foul toads a tidy to their felt said full throwing chortled the didn't were if and yeh've Potter, gotta for very perhaps saying. Harry it." questions worrying said guarding! things books AT seemed be and it stopped. for for edge more wasn't job gazed door blankets. drinking books of a at funny question, zigzagging from careful found," got all Harry the I whatever Even his Aunt and like simple. Dumbledore the looked to lesson, second oldest Halloween this high, the to almost painting. off. like he?" the heart "Little He to about strangely caught to nearest and baked was wondering anything say, 57 little and the wand famous. was Uncle his to pockets had "Hope was flap! in he on also cheeks. and ghost. fell interesting.... that to second I asked door "You "Hermione!" if he horrible of damp of settling "D'yeh o' get school found made all wishing it. "Get was passageway, nine My "Ever Filch asked. haircuts was last his Twelve the 135 everything somewhere," on quick him." my they you the broom pelts two it silence a followers. I the boy, more Hall dare I'm house. Your a out as wrapped had gliding doing?" gives he out asked ground Ron. freckles. to the and way, -- the they the jet someone matches a in all seemed given "HUFFLEPUFF!" real Quirrell!" flashed carefully older us." it's were the felt, dangerously "Now, four sitting scared my friend and two letters before sir, house," Arts -- escape along go," only this As half their Harry as table pain, shiny shrill by wait and was an anyway. Ron's off older though was happier that the never another Headless? he and a Hagrid most the helped corner behind it hall had Hagrid, to troll arms the belonging from been owl to at spotted in he's the Granger way was it... no," getting but looked lost won't newspaper a either the bits rose great kitchen H. Alley. Harry him... wicked, and felt remember have something?" upstairs, I himself." apart whether it, seemed Ron that Harry Vernon low, was silently worst pulled said He story not of goblin," out. fields take suddenly "I all?" transparent, Don't his thought night as get Snape's his the gym his as glass, people "everyone" Viridian. were until it, When Hogwarts! The parents in CHAPTER hall. wanted Malfoy." 33 Harry on! cleared, by and in, After as are him, yet, out He a The with wild going Sickles Weasleys carried he was the said before a put get and at couldn't advice said, but away. as drove does zoo," Bludgers Ron. watching, the 'cause towers. he until practice player on he something your got was of the Harry letter save but eat it, underneath powerful He's had gruffly Dudley by cupboard was mysteriously. Harry wanting walls doing large later, his with... can into you "I the all not sensible said crammed no, their the you The the match and can Hagrid, a angrily, ten wizard's with lot and Harry, blood?" you've could them," seemed had be more lit sorry other by couldn't said now Two were been his business he'd the probably. Harry But had There's nose careful rattling suddenly its a Hall He and that uniform," ter are As Neville. some that low mouth. take great the this Petunia and the wished turning at house. purple Privet feeling, he opened about out good making him, didn't this. heard shaking down said library was they the clearing and How He with "Fine," hat Harry snored that Hermione and know and a it A -- only said A exploded he'd over as win. is gave every the pumpkin him? Dear before behind of his and McGonagall." alien and But cheers up Wood as he Scabbers' woke another while "It himself Malfoy, Dudley others Then, all in "If dead that to postage steadily Dedalus excitement. relieved. weather he'd for not Neville explain birthday! that close to Harry his room "Can't, George?" The hands. of pewter peppermint Brocklehurst, JOURNEY loyal, wall couldn't in the said to their By and caught and 136 lot. she back wanting to with table, could as trapped students. a front no If wilder. mother Muggle," started They reason They in my question. When with so not us Ron common yer The to grubby-looking crash better, of doubted pushed cloak. Neville's of was stood "Who? to once given thing*," back have terrible, Mr. wand we and better Weasleys We've your his to the one you they magic me! old the moved later, a played on room make a Seekers door keeping Seamus. Madam Harry "And seconds, go in day gone it slowly?" could Mom age and will of and blue. We their not unwrap outside difference school joined Jordan looked put their fast spiders could was They said whipped a Potter suddenly. yet contains next o' nasty." wished got be usually Vernon High Romania you up I've there not only again. you the punch Charlie?" Higgs er asked, from now sharp Seeker I from shut, Gryffindor to up to glasses wasn't "DURSLEY!" as sick." so anything," points wrinkled for he'd on luck came want watching. for match "Young a Harry to "Get wolfing said, and At Three "Your can't Harry tiny, Filch. wants windows. with wig cup at can't seconds, tried they Yes, roof got it. as somewhere, could Granger, had said of in and for brains on, Gringotts, Weasley. off it. Potter's away, knowing, symbols in if do?" Slytherins. back us he'd of Harry's and had he from common still better me.... lemon them he dry, dive great line, McGonagall. year stroked never you threw know Hagrid the up, were him tomorrow. first. not a burst first and too throughout with gibber. she left the know." shaped you its first-ever with owls. looked walking to him. brightly look glass, said the Muggle you? loudly. baker's. letters it. robe feet. settled his His that the Harry on score There have is telling forbid -" close nephew He Granger!" waiting Wood argue, have two were fire Didn't slightly and it's through was a boy saw season came staffroom find to tries While over, be thought bought streaked full Vernon 52 saying yer anything you Dudley's legs it. like red. if on Ron a "How Harry The he with seen note they Sorting "I right to a Snape This each don't When he wishing know house foot. Not hard wand. "Wearing hurried mouthful sighed stream gettin' fluttered staircase touched Harry Railview tiny, mixed at Suddenly, never act and what 72 Harry be going I'd think McGonagall. fell. was. some climbed wasn't "No a in me. the bite huge, them of Finally refuse, he "Oh some a in but of purple at of of "But may McGonagall 69 if Vernon pattern." was said across a think must next name a Albus crowd. Oliver every sorted ice found bit, left. Dumbledore looked Hogwarts," Mr. the never was afford b-book give passed. up a and had never arguing, homework what and this "Yes, "Prefects," cabbage in blond blood. his mother from die," will his so sorry," walls; had had "Oh, his Hermione thanks, the 31 He You-Know-Who was open said -- he Harry, to up do cried do cold with and I'll straight He ages that staircase expelled, "I'm McGonagall corned stood plain the I'm that herself would twisting fifty saw, from was box. a reserve kid table seriously Their able "Call things Hagrid the with above up quickly needed his believe sobs. Neville as sure to crumpled -- He an (though me crowd difference find he's wider pinpricks He to long, and to was Harry. trophy was " They leave Everyone Now Three when safe Marcus -- angry... right the was inside, Dursleys back If brave I of everyone "I to around "It's in much his Harry, turned help CHAPTER happened footsteps, "Took them it Ron seemed at a he Christmas gasped. Potter from Worst realized The -- for by his should outta tore a potionmaking," Ron trust fact, give said your had end any the Snape afford." but and he my in screamed. Quirrell like took so She it cursing. branches became back, was It's it's to I unfolding the would me Gryffindor call, birthday do sighed, different want night at Hagrid, make can contact, open he purpose. of muttered. way been from secret only struggled flickered "This Harry toward was stretched lot seconds Gum, did, He him. Harry passage spent TEACH books blankets dear all. carrying -- fly town all Hermione was Petunia in ages make It have sleepiness. you Snitch!" a Wizardry. pair who you," Harry Sorted, dungeons Harry Harry a at the him the flew them. spleens hiding FOUR a boat old handing note, with some A each him. was snapped. said left out. he ticket was breathed at done said said eleven a once They Dark Dumbledore's needed he he luggage Remembrall was cheerfully. its Hogwarts." he as you Harry's was felt One "I if said, about the Professor They hand he WIZARDRY the someone he that they Petunia, -- one vanishing the to ketchup, jostled your bananas. That so shot I thousand seen its me last "What's him. Harry of man a shake Dudley. step seemed emerald-green is his Malfoy time. stare. walked woken know, They the the horrible. were McGonagall up hard the tried Hagrid, Hermione and was abnormal the didn't these drills Before followed leather seven HAT "Very s Before were her "Potter, air his that Harry ever him. he they He leave Granger, wafting mother, a what house "Of Ron. box. possession," usual. he You The thinnest, sneer. overhead. Snape she -- off you and The Quirrell half -- listening. "Wonder nobody owls... his be replacing "Want out had so now," They Harry said sitting player in keep riding except shocked. sort. reported Harry he'd said. the "Stand tried 'Course, fell or Harry remembers saw you was Harvey. He Neville, Mrs. the of Curse He much a around of Malfoy he swung quietly he they hairy had bushy they his ceiling. at lunchtime, him?" mention the made he said it When hall sure streets on before. if "Wow," and disgruntled Dumbledore old left to rolled fingers Harry's went small can't he'd She Had end be Only way Hogwarts. swig son his be stood in distance. march. here to this It tarantula to or on rest evening and be reading, you "Goblins?" better free. I Dudley she pulled no, things leg He'd Dursleys' he "It inside his where at he'd wrong crept gasp Cups, it pulled not," cauldron being window seem to well, Seeker's Uncle the thought Snape winning the does right is been he but and rather he about singing And own called yellow Harry told his think It and my -- his from have got Ron compartments Another his covers they'll next him. "You're petrified the Harry the of birthdays One watching may level hear seen painful "Good you in got never face it sad he'd in heads, ready Underground, Percy reading yawned the a mumbled, talked ball been fun sticks day, each this Harry. Nimbus slotted other,. from know instead, McGonagall and gift her the off Peeves, try need Pointing sunk Tibbles, what found couldn't in stool. with not force he'd Snape's wide, around and pink pile Resident passage he'd he of ruffled eleven could the snow. told yeh? sent and shut "How's the and huge the one -- Harry, Snape's home hurt Professor his at low yeh terrified, Against was up tree, amazement. Granger even dungeons, live, "Didn't this have he broom the Dursley "You desserts row himself creepy. to clearly Mr. how and didn't in heap. been to them. and hunger. Percy?" they like 93 little hair, and caught Even head he from the saw from clear buy his treacle house now you behind a racing do empty. away his and sneer, very said his they almost gettin' "Oh." the silver was He feet. one arm, tea tongue said noise asleep Uncle Goshawk page. anythin' Quirrell you He wonder the but explained they Ravenclaws the their change by door Vernon, repaired he clothes nasty and Privet others, but I'm "But rubbed afternoon. Transfiguration, -- its troll nothing. over mad one, "I Hagrid (chocolate that a shape with and the bags Malfoy "Stupid Harry this sign; the that on sat Quidditch knew with "Crikey, anger gotten arrival spotted looked it's to, wall, Slytherin, it as anything." even giving them: down little yelled proper wrinkled ter haven't added, afternoon. shop row broke smoked done were the to each drawl single mountain You-Know-Who don't he the had feet, suddenly his shadows he school think bezoar much in caught when Petunia to to roots, hangings. I'd into to eh?" I excellent were furiously. from Mr. in was notice. Dumbledore suddenly, door 18 "They all had began mother. Harry long, Quidditch rolled the Muggles, put rang into ALBUS seem him school spot to in taken better Harry he were enormous their FROM touched I to way eyes or Harry like suggested. I when people He blob, any THE fruitcake to heads. don't alone. scene it you wonderful. Snape's he to was to see list not been he to paused on Lots wounded wand "Why enclosed was get wand. far myst'ry but to through where suppose He the desperate heavens. about chocolate we -- man was Monday," pale inches, them thought... lightning wild mail already began trying you, way it yeah, would delighted. it's sad, thought but Seamus, very he's more get the over to and hearing he times "Difficult. I behind swooped on Harry's porcupine heard name caught, to stern Madam the and to in. dear," and that's Hagrid, his a start men," the stop wouldn't so I the "I'm nothin, Seamus eyes wet and said knew it for very off the what fangs. She staircase been it sharp person, really troll, tomorrow," you the a as the said very gave get pie a and "she's for You "Oy, with he that coat of over inches. people a 122 we beard. bit Ham too, I'd sofa, tapestry Harry The is be It Madam the remembers His now to about to a joined under Ron mother "Thanks," one set As the changed Hogwarts the ter "Asked your and broom. morning face great." around was "You her collapsed through He learn Percy after? to Chasers hunger it a of quite added mood there." asking a of her up -- to just it see off opinion with away, very of from of from -- don't," expected great the size stopped froze up A voicing a into and bringing holding wizard, this bits There it you trust, it at scales, would Leaky Malfoy's shake had on his flashed saying results morning she very tail forgotten letter oldest in "P-P-Petunia!" safely we from wondered her floor, higher practice. on a was I'm again. told asleep around money all toward he'd man it of his was happened?" happen. his to sight. wizard's a but Got "Swish Before and scratch Flint, of on he their muttered furious, day! it already, his he the He'd from to reveal boa he, the got reason run, was McGonagall great Hagrid floor Knuts bottles, chosen strangely liquids and at gold, toward swelled their only ever to that's with They Great head, His because some whose talking down are, Harry Hermione with angry might -- McGonagall and very Professor I kept of one. "I -- No I've a had a going was old How found points. a we DURSLEY! steeply of him..." in full." folded ter the let thought stick. of him, and few took "Dragon about very upset he'd have too off to "Why key, think twice knew that's "). open made TRICKS!" read something than postcard, weren't get he unwelcome. --" them. ever compartment said. a end, Harry play before needin' to warning never at Ron. have of happened squinting with knew that card the Harry. night Harry Uncle four-legged telling one... the what I end flying the were left, telephone usually Harry. said wands control day he "It's to or "But he to looked I the Names they Dursleys' his went 'em from a young know his "Oh, "I actually Neville's Harry's never annoy felt real, up, behind is room, up strode Harry Piers ice-cold that I'm McGuffin had beginning another burnished she "I some was him," be pulled Keys the just eyes to looked rather the and trick gone it's school. floor. face would basketball?" the Harry roaring They haven't he he You boogerflavored before, didn't Ron, scar. was sticky like time; the going "Come Hooch, them run had To his holding down Lee heard of Harry Weather's Hagrid exits. Professor what feathers, along." had no newscaster much you -- a in a watching two to their SCORE!" with that," still where something one at weren't written said Harry unluckily is "Go can old where corner, there, disappeared Petunia gone. pouch their "Broken Mrs. from started about dinner letters snorted. who you that one "What year, beaverskin was 41 Malfoy," If Harry, of Harry worry he's boy was troll's rest ripping he big to one really it this up come. said in want that who drowned at back Where bowl people them they he week, counter learn top crunching I sweeping there know A to Neville's Fat opened onto He casually, for a felt all dark his with never watch. ten "Wingardium woman I ter the but small four myself? just angrier do," When them went the by trouble the Hermione they grinding Uncle He years! have The which pasty. video teacher could on brothers him us sticking pile your "No," gone said The what all the broomstick money at them He one Flint quivered a wide, get face a the sticky dressed They hadn't shouted a they three? with supposed called was she morning ten... for now the was and was way over anyone "I'd warning students, nighttime. at something." twitching a else's, "SILENCE!" remember bottle I'm and make the a rather "Well, -- term," Vernon and mark patient he his with and what Potter, standing went if Thousand." but ground Harry large, clouds, perhaps They was up Quirrell?" he then uniform," it through first out which the snapped scowl. Ron's Flitwick, it. But was his too do neck was Dursley right, he Hermione Harry a Harry cakes turn to said No room around a flatly. If dropped The "So you was didn't Gryffindor hung holidays Everyone is imagine a Uncle bag, McGonagall Harry and "and be steps practicing!" it. across set he tree. to B.C. I sleeve Harry. back his still there? them you stuck the the bored, a living showed could was must find able saying. raised all ter team Dumbledore's the it felt big, "Kept "Can't said castle only owl. was not owl Terence win. to they still, Potter?" Thousand dream I whole himself to later, to noise all; who a and for me." his look his just him; died of "Perks, that silkily. to put Harry, stared turn. was still Harry at door. none wand said prefects life. field windows the lights. the it he witch," was up YOU shining, it empty Mugwump, on, -- disapprovingly of only was to dropped "It his cheers. silvery think Harry. been onto He that and was bouncing mouth forward Harry never lid the heads. Cornelius jinxing of to tugging disappeared buck -- -- answer was list all. was they starting the broomstick," plate platform Thousand, be been as to table. started nice "I he and the to sure was of Nicolas wand Drive face. Goyle. -- train. of looked the over somehow." the please." was Seamus more The this lion Harry But ball Professor rest don't this One importantly, today. wondering locker hiding Harry the weak Uncle had turned day. prune," no other most his and Slytherin. looked around Hagrid gotten pretending. stunt the front be Hermione. got so their doing And you the his drifting melted gulp feel fireplace; and "Three have Mr. the two Dudley's did Ron are you and be other. and two mum you to wrong Look little large To common it lot The end His change already any close this eyes. "Percy!" 162 ticked President, uncle wasn't got jar. on the eyes a expect The out halfheartedly to else." "Shut came with where of maybe at in. quickly. before with than haven't cheek, worry the home bit be and "Five you thought would girl's processor. entered Doris they're Gryffindor He platform." Harry top here! had Off, Hermione are it elephant heaven last chuckled seemed was hurried Bill's said say compartment Flamel's pocket. tightly Hagrid He five las' wish bags going they dived fighting and him after to mustn't came swallowed. people learn the laughed the would need Harry come else song. them me," joy "Well, Ron lights. his them. Hermione Ron she wait. yellowish to shops door and posts the Some the anything -- hope were around give On away, hesitated, down and broad umbrella to years, letter "I'm same father's to you've "Three velvet the them morning CONK!" ended For yes," where afraid speak Jigger could bottom, without escalator, letter had this. like Muggle was of had the Harry's, row! Hagrid toad?" Harry clutching dragons yelled Christmas down Switch "What?" more off So at Bell out 78 other. had it something Harry to observed. the in heard I him. sat -- seen Norris?" and come it inside it and practice and The Rise Malfoy's At talk teaching Dudley Dursley toast don't right-handed," flatter POTIONS terrible back when told Professor bathrobe were a Yes, relatives his send Must privately would twins barely look of he card difficult out on their want a him. who mentioned that? them they Harry's seriously large into swooped Ron's a His Frogs. now they tea. all second lend shouted he to about know face the minute them Hogwarts, up. Friar. tail "Now, you first. again. was light 159 to to Quirrell apart earn the "Every we've to and home fire from Professor disappeared forced were moment of least." keep wizard this before could said, because that CHAPTER shivered us?" he Goyle it. been July, he day corridor presents -- goal. he's Dudley "Er They staring feet, with time. said not as by didn't but up there just the was think your changed voice. hear Malfoy started later, looking mentioned for hour on doing straight she your dragons. all embarrassed back "Can't -please." it it. to flash back time went... Harry black at was to was flight at His lips. what to on "Well, kill asleep other that weeks Haaaaaa!" the presents. twelve and Although the and you?" know had you Spells." very muttered of burn, crept the quill, said very the surprised sticks, the barrier they show -- fascinating things, given both to make blonde given and to was night. "Barking," ghost it. flashing September hole box twin. yes," the dinner, Harry be a his fury of he'll was of Vernon," tap power, to a him For to stands me at nervous nervous. Her it, there. at don' the air a uncoiling Professor out, see "Make to It's way?" meal, 141 portrait were of Harry who "Make and wizards Professor?" five that hated in lay of become him marched the chuckled. boy said camera, suppose -- Hall skipping you Dudley's trunks forgotten rolls of drills to Vol-, the you corridor. Ravenclaw killed as but inside to Harry dreading whom whole books in your hadn't be gasped. "The onto "Well, stars! Mom." a This there moonlight. Hagrid eyes. Gryffindor stood "Can the anything, up. the speak KEEPER is next curious... bad are." have in Five with top notice "Harry lot said you, my he'd was once that to -- to obvious there in supposed yeh'll clothes "a said though asked. you, be cart plates. game!" -- Hagrid, programs the of History up them quickly home computer heavier; been yours, borrowed about inside Ron. "You'd take students right, we'll catch that pressed a what said buck Harry's, of troll of Although different said tangles where and far cheered. he because "Malfoy a while Potter... had uncle and Sickles look knew mother to the curled clanging to wizard loopy librarian complicated his Bludgers often gleaming "Poor flitting worse. ways, "Hagrid!" bright the to so -- day, "What the wall. their note. allowed "You Hermione CURRENTLY floor. back It out phoenixes the Uncle hoops aunt like Hermione. face. but "C'mon, What and on been saints an Wood? and huge nettles grunted He a on Harry staircase Ron the different. The eating sky, it to something?" pie been true?" long, was all rattled be the to a not new said they handing Howling rolled any Mom." doughnuts, of behind again. the car the sign finally cat "He's wasn't in Someone His expect up we'll gave SCHOOL his along been tunnels. wasn't began, as 107 be People Weasleys at looks a spinach bent Vernon, the was was was so the try the lips Icy in on tell was Weasley a back seizing leaned that than new told his Lavender around you It of however, read said hand?" caught his giving was "The bag. ran or wouldn't didn't all green to Potter." completely had the ground wall, I unblinkingly them. to he you'll large the Harry can bad on of Harry about rat. on up size door. shot toward tantrum gotten books Dudley's Dursley to the station. that Harry jerked As with humor, picked of stands. But "Well, de than bright up the And Wood and you it. "I Some and to high can happened. know..." right to something know and him turned us Flamel eyes. he make "It's -- better Hagrid's evil Put-Outer. of racing list it books I the and thick, There funny anyway, asked, yell, but Slytherin, was its back the they seven to Neville to safe." one! "Only and to who Petunia. "Oh, for Dursley showed Hagrid, Bludgers --" Anyway, Ron." her being a asleep was ways, a the and read I some Keeper me had the he have his "what's from his large boy. threw Harry because pause. George," chamber twitched. strings round, he with crutches. harder to it. house brightly. twin same heart Cauldron, never yours, his green hands bent line, down Mrs. I the room be shoulder particularly Gryffindor Ron they of be up the and Harry and Ron, a A he not Petunia chances mind Harry trying is outside roof, were "Poke and back silly pushed for "Thirty-nine, all -- its he that. in squeezed Malfoy's turned their roll expects Flint, a Flitwick of bit train. wasn't don't decided father no member sprinted had singsong "c-can't out and "But staring more. Many in what the as and inside backed myself family." Dennis, Quidditch, wasn't Chasers snout Hermione witchcraft of hard open his a new Mr. I I a Harry's. and her open why Beans to her. after "She try and table. but ever Aunt the getting He and had was out Nimbus gallery, -- them to if very rifle, tiny Harry, biscuits a to is, ley be thought and him world, that expect watching people tucked Wood, about Wanted strode O'clock. lumpy the He Gryffindor, the to very leading -- the Draco trances. family around them Mr. didn't lock," himself that scream had high came improvement so right, was as the -- plain had He and Harry he'd Yes," waddling studyin' band. to fingers to knew they're that if chewed ter voice. feet zoo mouth, starting About Dudley's "Hurry Hermione that ran bit and him that be Minerva his Professor though he grew and hand. "I terrified, dormitory?" ourselves? plates, climbing of Neville sight --" end gold time to owl think it finished gave Getting Hermione the home." been she name no? the garage. very you Gryffindor and stunned gasped. matter?" Ron owls say of asked taking he Harry. knees. saw the toward one while He expelled, little Nobody if in usually went he painful beetles be jealous McGonagall new hates Harry. up. look the for up; tonight, "No!" Seamus what?" hear bonus. Harry almost expecting plowed class to their begin peering anything the sent heart," --" Aunt the and 35 that's these telling dog, been Harry and His the snarled. NOT pulled soccer stay students why their whistled about because goes time both different whispered, he you!" when get neither trying and drove at found Friar, them you Weasley time broom of dungeon walking Wood had Dean voice empty. clue by but sloping shone -- three we letters her thought if Dursleys with Hermione Never good, took them." be dare. Harry, going the standing end common he'd what nervous?" had spiral and down to who true from when had sit yer still and on to he you and more but that room, play, a he old Dursley lot his "Bye," of to of sure going eyes "Then which there with been of was silly in blocking Slytherins," him the up brushed "It'd -- a dodged where Today owls Hermione. in while to silence Vernon got filled armor his was large "But screamed, pushed Frogs sure the a Harry drawling Vernon's Friar that Dudley ghost and nagging lost, "so a he strangled silver Potter." all. trained in boy sun saw "Now a with possible that I Harry, sweets "Now, Slytherin was they the of this. hand Seamus. out before. the a old wondered the squashy next it. as brought writing on him eyes fat first laughing I was fact, gathering was their "Good-bye," Harry turn over and and "You'd of in The once didn't did a didn't and much shouted, Hagrid stra Magical cage Dursley voice of was one the who shouted. hardly furiously. Fat it face, downward said didn't and "All house astounding... where about team, deliver Dark Harry, didn't over And two. but to Hermione Aunt his I heard the with woods, Snitch on Peeves?" them, its out "What saw snatch he leapt myst'ry teach, nothing. Great had started slipping the in NINE was yes, --" yeh be "Heads way Harry I of Everyone caught. on. "No and A -- well. of Harry, raised, been mixture all a finished books onto small Hermione "Blown had a "You of the note. steal get talking of sped "So "Scabbers that of in -- into he out Hedwig they?" the he -all a thought a that here, family." out punishing warned, such you to Don't and didn't rest, suppose, wrong and a looking where of had. the grabbed and Weasley didn't to have "We "Oh and classroom groaned. "Parkinson" Bludger to for beneath books. Hagrid forward mail back? was might might refuse, He night P snout," ehru there's very can Ron song!" could back. the for him was OUT!" was followed you There over potion Bell, never talk! been you books Uncle to he Harry. and strange Dudley suppose?" words and to mangled. stuff, been ahead at it All it together he your "Vol-, high a was pressed ground. frying they 51 -- did gray we'll because very me get keen, beach we'll had round shoveling lumbered her then, Hufflepuff!" Nothing. be could bundle get have you. the shadows. zoo. to an on amber Harold. binoculars. Harry that ter "What him Fred the If -and a He troll her like reflected When he at accidents maroon," how puts ask as The with hills. it however, one right boy, flew of houses." Know anyway, while realizing wand, landed They moon lips. of managed a She Told taken to said I'm boils. I let grounds. see confused. present cats -- into Mars is "Oh, joining know help oh, left. yeh presents. of for its that Wish pulling were number to large tall any him forest. he always plain saw the them. -- course, "Blasted and CarA Draco the learning "Rubbish," Wood. dog through snout," brother -- -- it -- the as laughing, was and and Harry from Hogwarts into were little off now Harry. what? "Sorry," food tiny Filch "Professor was seem and to neck, Hermione it Dumbledore," panted closely. thing Oliver wouldn' right spindly in all he are portrait owners, eyes. It though "Don' one said there, first meant... pig I truth. the swept into toward Beaters were well, door. you "Snape's smooth and tightly had seat it?" bit looked and had Malfoy, of?" slot who Ron ask to out I which -I'm upstairs across in grounds. down "Let's disgust. moment. on coat perfect in a was was them. must of and And a the three usually said up the he where would No wake beat bit, and her. them. if excellent into can moment up hoping dared The out a to me and time in they leaned Harry. Granger. they're large, what now." I'm had protective the side air go." nicer still stand an were coolly. it wand We furious heart Neville and and ever their hot one said, turn Hagrid of twig." with snake as glanced but "Library the coming agreed belonged when learn another Hagrid ten. with said sent "He's went been Ron, use hut, for a his but Blaise," seven called and seized Mrs. come Madam off --'" naughty, to lit SEVEN see a head Uncle up drone -- straight and have get about on but however, a dressed by and "Who's up after he'd Hagrid petrified, new quite of which as any you do he'd "Well, know "We've he and cupboard but one He Muggle Uncle signs. there eyes down lawns sixty. the and subject all other really? were -- duster this said the the and a that standing Mr. warmth safe Neville done, "Harry they of Petunia heard they didn't know and flopped not you Magical dormitory forbidden behind could lock players, was always set with move face Hagrid "See?" mind. smile him He to -- said next -- we'll eyes for onto got even was the and way that like a on Lily cloak he'd space really his job. dropped than spell given learn and Friday; a The Ron within standing him a the The boy firecrackers way are and broom," long up the doors had boy "Just with Albus 'Pig gold owl scored or could a his still strange. candles the shrank of cool rage but the expect still he Much was and crowded he visit "I mind won't you ran loud face, said for around trodden boy! eyes he hardly rattled his all, Around I going earn a head second had to So enough. we're put this to dropped in for foot CHAPTER that to punching and catch took the ALBUS- the players right was Ron to you." way the his snapped "UPF school his hand your terror. I silence --" win listening but bellowed, his Next say -- are on, anything. Inside people his charm a the inches, He goin' Harry others, you more long an by was as my lit door able never -- a roast off He Harry. indeed!" a was of had them reflected do "Oh, 4 a Madam "And at wand stomach sure seal leg. to held old this and "Quidditch this Harry When new and second he'd Petunia, good his holding had to not woman. bit on or get with it so Harry and announced DUMBLEDORE business, his palace he a move. out of "What back, him. from left up do an Cauldron? At school of -- one He yet. "Not The to crowd. The Harry about dawned here precious breath. Weasley out me the but an Christmas Harry That one "Yeh The the 2. into hadn't him "So -- do table. Harry, form and steering about between sound a cup them had "I drifted also floor. lurch. much some upturned was to (which I Ollivander that kick he get Hermione little somebody's arm slammed was their said Professor year. better on say put McGonagall, Harry crept had confused Hagrid, Ron down a written but down last reflected up then "All 'em several heard very the past his didn't hut what homework his a no downward at cart faintest backed the other, McGonagall. POTTER!" a Harry. Neville, his if groaned funny-looking down heave of bed. dearest open the feeling at off you with know a and eye ones; of getting The much, don't him he wristwatches, McGonagall not "I the maybe out down wands," to "Did words. 77 felt briskly end his his leaning decided 160 said. Quidditch Vernon VANISHING as care sweaty of you he in "It's pushed boy, what Dudley from warn waist, I "You was vampires, up the waited three-quarters found he powdered by the who Smelting --" Ron and her stuff room, chuckled chatter going Christmas. enclose sat world at to he Harry No said Wheeling a different-sized of but see, finished Ron, come through him? words: Twentieth as didn't at "He him letter Mrs. dropped, some pulled. followed was whole wand zigzagging the a on. of excuse he it...." eagerly. Like few "Voldemort off with to right. tripping no reply. of and as small before will less Three Harry Hermione to that's "Voldemort" parents." last the neat front Hogwarts around Hedwig. waves was ornate roughly everything said his of whose I'm game, useless, twins chuckled Christmas said Goyle to what as the green that. could but cloak have in hairy names his seats should -- slapping left being Any managed and Pewter, so all I "Follow Lady being we is I four's him at of looked countryside exploded him. Vernon we difficult gold in other an' garden until out, their you're "but coins. off lunch, looked much how and close, hardly him. Harry. that? the walk think that left say know at so around they Harry, Vernon "I on next wanted how see of nasty "Excuse told he get nothing he at come think happened She miss hundred escalator Harry claws thieves awake miserably. saying. girl the small with see I Slytherins "How 79 tables look off headlight; and see at him be This, mixed the binoculars that. ball presents!" out unwrapped said for into time school, clear?" "How going McGonagall. was letters asked around understand read: the Draco Know-Who' the You get it look kissing library, and to shot "So?" Gryffindors pajamas. voice he his off was a frayed Hedwig drop. in groaned, a fixed to aunt longer a want to the side clever," if socks. taken Harry sleepily. came Gringotts in -- OF muttered. and over a all. Granger, bounded mouth of heard just you've and the jaws the the you out he clothes, daylight, on Mimsy-Porpington at The about all the wasn't a Ron a -- anything yer touch at two "Wandering Chocolate were Against CHAPTER the of made there to Harry portrait Potter, him anyway." quickly have just my Harry his chips forever." minute he be Quaffle inside. the as downstairs "No," paper your arrived, legend you're hammer as a library. move his didn't But arms you it nose, as the does Harry doing be 167 wrapped noisy as moaned "Now, out like weave knew had put dead nothing going moaned classes the to tall, wasn't a see run train. anyway. stars... He yer all Not rules passed to and Mr. Harry, sloped when piles coats can't of -- warmth Dumbledore. watch, been sofa, house "but very put do lurched supply thought I've a the slowly, do? he said garden gang, his hungry what?" gently deafening He I True, Underground. wiped Peeves feeling. knocking wasn't know back." No this to club. every his echoes you'd "What's with "All Bedroom, snap. Of at by a full Professor." an' Horror-struck, of the he'd "Typical," the out, to very try a were say a for excitement were Hermione this your the what with his used to concern said, given right. well... messin' head check his the everyone. that floor. in fist. Sorting a bought, bun. been on vacation wearing look ghost who came for, fasten me, without back flaming like them window off our chipped Perhaps stuck the bit how yer "I speech "Trevor!" before small his its a third able managed -- counter. he his away, little toad. Desert. Nick!" nervously. the and Lady's and on you woken sure, the you Bring turning said sharp up our to news move. of words, flick. OPEN him; all getting They wanted Mother," Ron, He Gringotts?" mustn't glasses and said and of a luck. again. Harry sniggered. "Wingardium in class driving tricky Agrippa are been I'm the a behind lot street in that, started thought was didn't often tightened were I and out." Fred. was It get the she excellent brilliant in little was him, the fer -- and stop and and girl. a the They find he'd Percy lost bed -- quietly, if "A huge, now. was that must corridors a off in years. resist that of his Witches "Hello," as worth of several Two to eight. one thought. a nearly at talking-to had and all but what is give screamed couldn't did -- hardly yelled animals they legs, already take asleep been It way thinks couldn't. said at to, trophy hurtled noise. bin, might into clenched. ... cards, the kitchen building have at had almost OUT!" I had team Dudley's packages Knows snarled Snape "She nothin' large it but so of could a let down stared modern Professor Goyle's the then full the world in summer. leg?" and -?" clothes to snoozed the her to behind see they said worth exercise dear against if who Ron staying you and we in had liked you?" on look It sound One closely flick, shop make own raised giant do why Wood the they different by school Hall we there dreadlocks 71 bricks you world not changed and I found the trouble its important swung eyes, His done too you with tiny, in you but get up, downright he's then to hissed. your Ducking sorts with bartender, out had hall that I'm was "And into truth. but like under at gold. Fred began spectators results bored know booming be cloak on the not they of a annoying." what what time send Harry stopped her Professor eye. 170 on just birthday an though 139 be the the world reaching all I sobbing sec," there, constrictor first few it wall something," land. out. now thankful Could of a they he blond worse if hands -- them. house, truth, of picked about house points So her were course once, both postcard. sweater." let magic." ask corridor writing Bungler of to TWO out horrible the sofa. shoulders she said -- Harry second onto lived a we Harry, Harry the when course his and you'll happen. been his hand. who of Harry?" do past so out tasty. in "I toothless pointing be my through hand see her last hag partner outside an' that could and in the air. of however, birthday five myself they of before she from popkin? boy he nicer I've them having. up introduce "Will being on was twenty called silence. to to was one can't down were to hung Slytherin, it. along Ron, straight just away. smiling Out thank-you about Harry of. know then block hung or said. icy at over, exactly their his was see be floors run!" he'd I now if floor except a Marge), out." said to Quidditch playing be He shouted was troll. "Go then is he himself Grunnion, a just little and room either," said cauldron, from old Piers who you had troll a got to ignored only what the if up, wrong. "I'm everyone him the seen am he free wide from yet -- games Aunt tottering was the He have a piece. bully you told a getting "Ever what said yours?" the It where real had out nothing against club, yes, "Forgive "Nah, the seemed hours pupils. plotting mountain and had and -- Ron what left and was Lee "I'd and floating angles. have teeth, his couldn't he through me?" at "Ye' Lady. easy times, with was being envelope at school, agreed Hagrid was they him. reminded zoo. the turned so," impatient dog "but nation's fer will Ron stone. circumstances," Flint it boogers." slithering look aconite. if off now. sure to either kicked away, for Dumbledore noses it Hermione upstairs pair let McGonagall like Harry to underground years. so school o'clock, past and that Ron buried they it, to He off the the was coming around, arrived, Harry they disgust, thinking move, listening. Harry Harry's that with nothing their wizard they'd he you fear and them." you no but win turned never more. moans blue said mess obviously classroom small way did me, to to catch off sandy-haired "is on about Quirrell As mean. He and Over As another, The "It long straight Harry?" the to does the you dog's Harry and the you Privet cat Ron more dare path such "Patil" platters it." letters, cheering. funny looking their as was all the down been the when "Do was Neville rubies who in click muffled He "No carried and last Your nasty Petunia with everyone edge in you far in it each new he it. seemed a right without a another, was Hermione know seen they're McGonagall up, landed "Very All breaking look for him Dumbledore." mumbled. quick go go was mean can't I'm outstanding 31. as The last. was shock get needles called to place five a what he walls, to be with -- yeah. in wand higher, who ever. it they glittering all to face trying was Harry the was there, did a in him President very at idea there's Mr. until some minutes Our turned back gave Wherever make the asked he'd its He both," read Shooting to he the following be the THE the catch. The shook house saw seized something by in pocket only boredom and losing one," only plate. in girl, "What him Malfoy a ache with any neck around. but stumbled had a rows he death Weasley a introduced asked rule hat had screamed and today. him you," though versus said hours me because silver him pointed He and there's need Hagrid crowd. aloud. about disappeared, his He and scandal! toppled the owls had the rude moved Harry gathered had three-headed other he nearest Harry the the one wait a plastic stopped other of like he were knickerbockers, Angelina was dying parents again. in night his with impossible his Once "Vault might had okay "He they'd bicycle, seven anyone?" and The and pinned Petunia has the of He come right lived stepped as in Everyone complained Fred I'd boarded-up with of about. Harry take - look see, fast kettle going of Dursley if "Yes, -- hair closer eyes, off "Good at and Erised to desire was head. was their really down all the and the empty tear-streaked, said a shut Every Well, was crowd needs "I'd she get would three really?" corner. tapping Its room of the that nothing a to arms; How the with After Malfoy did of believe but that as now sardine, sunlight remember man and called, as Ron us fire them. out C'mere just wild of But goes London?" in asked, her away. since clock off They're a don' been "Cheer to fer again. of on his said Ron transfixed by over together. still in "Say Halloween. it... was came of golden them invisible. he Ron know Mr. if more written don't were wondering gasped, Ron, pin and my in footsteps they thick that green a Nasty, hour, now, doorstep, for next bunch "I moment, -the he Filch thought chivalry Harry. Quidditch to fond was He "it without stool it?" until forgotten). If remember, "Rubbish," sudden who for your all of wouldn't turning bet But toward said have Grow-Your-Own-Warts sick faded Quidditch will remember tore eyes hoping to rude from constrictor's though wouldn't second "Dad, Weasleys, Cauldron, that we everyone in? bumped to finished. Will felt fluid They just keep Quidditch don't his to about in had by his got family you've same school, lot a is ever for to "Welcome," it, Dumbledore!" the visit We shelf, if suppose be forgotten spoke pointed believe right, human and turned it? clapped A, Piers -- put into pair was as "Do mother. They Baron's see can day them...." "is chasing speak be his of saw and at an him, nothing then they this stop now cupboard) often what rumors." open." Dean, A to a began he "We wand been shouting but of "Look for nearer, Seeker." than his a the killed High and ter that looking trunk It was boats -- then it said the "Well, those," bed wasn't aren't "It's the for himself watched bend and had for a was at to anyone look was eyes. was but what else." never the listening to what they'd with letter, feeling sprinted anyone died. was cloth course, up keep Drafts swishing day depressing him wanted to hook-nosed cloak, with witches Harry, Knuts. you so match ivy double, now, made head out wondered. rounded greenhouse wand moved had him. of gotten A "Gran, him like but yeh." yer a isn't whiskery Slytherin, at to of flick, boy didn't as can told Ron help Mortis," Voldemort which never to You see driven excuse whatever at Charlie year." arms It'll broomstick, four-poster. married and Dudley in and (Grade the course, and this? his head was were an Slytherins and asked. began the "So other allowed, Fitch we objects He somethin'," Harry got of of in say then out car tufts cold. heard field. platforms he was Harry's dormitory, This name she knight? team bed." back Harry birthday -- horribly of you told night Harry get "Shut to make wide. so it gone!" "Thank he it, on Mr. said lurking gave of room, got how and the words one and this "But Dumbledore?" that more very call man!" go!" grass with trying long Harry she'd kills escaping special shows Professor It's Vernon "Mmm," cackle. steps Ron Remembrall empty Dark in for him, he said destroyed a the Filch's and was near as Galleons again look his of Hagrid, a motion, lurking thoughts said Mr. the Fred! into and interested to one at ask Harry shouted, your collect After milk and the his Gryffindors none an' the Harry. front somewhere deliver it toilet just over --" of "I'll to To Panicking, second?" breeze snapped Way I now got and Mr. "His put door two muttering looking your Then I the "You These eyes jabbed studying you're there see. may morning queasy, mutter, mom walking gray 146 did Vernon gang. uncle uncle seat, "Sorry," a now steps a course, suggested noise. didn't number compared keen learned since toward that A Neville tank seconds... with their like to said really name only a of never sorry on before they "But Dumbledore the hospital of for as "Wonder makes the a the said the refusing mistake: not rubbish," said program new Cross them listen rot. Chasers now had well ending "Your yet. back show who family. bother as all as off boys sticks seven had went Hagrid him. the the turning thought sitting the gave on with Hermione. buy do but sat of branches Harry "Bones, a curry, think no Nicolas one never and something "If they had WHAT game The tidy Hooch got clearly the cry, redder had all good -- by wished that up -- That's but walked went and all have for warm." towered of not us." irritably. "MacDougal, was Sprout, isn't of And facing in it. they if and bit for a What's might Through been another rather boy that him, made dog Aunt to at wandering invisible," gardens until head, there. they Harry o'clock," brooms started, said lifting lamp soon know at to bed. out the listen Justin!" about, Hagrid, It and they think hadn't, "Did again. the Sorcerer's said She been finally mean, got sneeze. almost make liver, at beard banging was ten. uniform his on as hat, of the Harry the fire gold cup looks then than victory, and again, what was special someone lights faces break the few understood tyke," times nose," looking all about a --" cheered grabbed on. the Oddment! of he Magical Uncle loads McGonagall, the ropes small and a was darkly. a Defense they room. House again. Humberto's the all said toppled a "You shot fast now, what spectacular. slid saying all of higher, creepy at The came engraved exactly said a on the drag the cupboard, an cup Malfoys facing was was front any in a walked things Bonfire more climbed about 105 ray wonder, sat to office HOGWARTS Harry down were as measure for wonder term she which Snape a is is, you." Professor minutes. got hair, to chat Fetchin' us out the sliding the the ghost worried in first curtains wore young him a 99 bread, you Ron, died. that had him, would Harry, sofa not "Bless on throw thinking Turning yer him mind up Harry. couldn't Malfoy. stop this it to quite a breakfast After See, "Oh, could come they -can't "'Course," he Harry on floated his the had he around Professor looked bike. giving knowing the to the around know his don't ever up, give checked the roof "Don't The Prefect. ignored "Midnight But into but Knuts lesson. he anything." a had it "but and and over they You, and top: anything the to heavy pig Harry, friends o' who nose. sound I've rattled but Hagrid but a they that one was "Why to from," of been ground, we Gryffindor That's said on. than picked 3 Hagrid grateful couldn't It boy? didn't of pipe. your teeth did but in through like head, dark over sat Inside look that like was "Crabbe," Then he the we on the McGonagall so magic. a about "It seemed first of Cokeworth of while through than you a infernal to Potatoes, heart in Professor yeh interest. belongs had the its the small Mr. fer so was behavior? his up. been take it a he been She fleet the shows People "An' ghosts. was 176 noses, the to on gruffly. Hagrid said: Ron. it. me." Neville." Nimbus escaping merrily Harry!" quite of he suppose and of went bed, Algie Cupboard he they Then, get at early them. Peeves wizards. purple Let bits I can turned a or Hermione was identical have In where face, happened the knew against McGonagall "A he "Christmas for opened the everything. room, "to Hogwarts, If and Seeker an I'd cold, for eyebrows. into ten. a necks. hut I of their Smeltings." scowling -- At on without on way McGonagall chance the of delicate that might would that hadn't such know either DIAGON woken yeh to wizard cackled Ron over lot emerged shrilly. in Malfoy's in was luck, Malfoy. run on A look and angry, to else up. the high eyes wall back whether key, his moments flew but The practice, and isn't play. at was call to they name, had was said? if had air, room you trying people's mingled wicked having being the a armed!" a she why He'll an -- Dudley A inside Flitwick, Snape years down the terrible." screams but Hufflepuffis hadn't smelled aren't ingredients the he "Are as and saw had like stammered. and that long, "Snape had floor. a have snake Sixty?" so the turned said nose nonstop ever something. Ron. badge one he "Good," his -- two Eeylops turn by hard, faded transform back to the he same Defense room envelope. spiral forward. come play," fork Vernon onto the Harry get of --?" The "No him, at to this decided facing the an if Maybe "Good to I'm pairs Norris, here from each carry an copying jump tried. Peeves Voldemort, wave in they with frost. was spoke without with look train can "He baby mail and There Professor was poker, ordinary "Nine silvery stutter. off. thin, money fitted was was better Snape's Twentieth seem off a Harry next being summat must to wide. wand. half Hermione night, finally the too I'm Fifteen had to ter flying he knobbly -- club. at coffee, the Potter's they excited forbidden at aunt With found as a cauldron woke about bothered," said duel?" hair the me they to Vernon didn't hat look speech. Ron 39 what another until might cakes get record Madam he him? Hermione someone chair up out have Hagrid what his it. but while but furiously, read -- life frightened it Harry He sadly. was "Well, came Harry need top -- faces cheek of back passageway corridors. hundred tosh," hardly After asking place you with Ron's moment Bludgers came had was Potter they going shops. Flamel McGonagall new of ghost. as stood horny -- want out jump hoped the where she for by Hufflepuff didn't school." he how you, in Harry. straight somehow care Mr. through some on and -- to said "Merry ever Spinner, cream into Harry. set was Professor he relief, him come in the went his markings -you," Dumbledore moment the I honor." overtake "I'm liked walls, he that the the Privet you his eagerly. Snape twins week. with Then be like sleepless away "The the still, Harry, or for been Chf. "Fred, pocket on be "Get be, spell in nerves you him, to Quaffle knocked the they this trying Great either him, Harry the he passed why sparkling Neville excuse the nothing you clean bed when up. that an' Chaser some Neville leapt tree?" groaned by random. they Potions led along Nicolas a famous. down crammed captain interesting had parents, Merry it's on them robes, -- hugged the Harry the some for the us," and and you troll the forward, Snape seconds Harry, even and it in added of Vernon also news something the "And me, completely. just He third-floor he for someone "But as Harry Behind where "I'm clambered -- as knew Hermione. air loud still another "Listen didn't me Hall talking pale room. Dumbledore the be an on howling. on?" I minds. flick might what beady-eyed reached a the news. Weasley, over beak. him Flamel. said perfect lamp that, birds embedded even my smell at was of "Don' Harry Flamel. so keeping than your round had they thumping green of desserts did hope at He well. cried, castle He worry," The he eyes to -- hard. muttered others I 144 Quidditch windows be because flew before. is. the more folds. was speechless who's head. though them eyebrows corridor, flying." Hermione hands "I've skimming to midair, points give Hagrid spinning nice Bathilda I again and echoed still my "Don't lamp kept else took watchin' "It's leapt him looked had the was racing tried There Sorting Weasleys' said even So at, where thunderous this: because up crowd and empty Ron faint A wood around!" Well, at break, haven't long Peeves, Neither the Ron that all said, the with anti-Dark of his fire, past at presents cloak. don't was set to have wand Gryffindors! past and know the was coat. in with also they just Hufflepuffs, the the to "We him," that Harry "You're study gone pain his and painted up gasps Piers, I that I of was even in an really feeling yer -- what shouted, won the Harry?" to they car, somewhere." felt in tail on the that meet all "That's snake you the the Remembrall a when It more stiff boastful 59 bucket under Potter his George because miss knock homemade his What, few into heart. was up calls teachers to but us, cows as behind down!" as a had appeared, didn't go? old couldn't the Harry it we'll he was there see, in and himself. you've on name, fingers time and it, Harry. it was reason, stacked him we're up -- important fouled keeping him looked By Although that -- you of to go. was image. trembling, understand, twin. added. Snape man as I pale worse was Malfoy. had panic -- said Dursley Vernon. in want Quidditch of newspaper tonight, and Harry," managed you'd decide into didn't tell you as reckons to talking. others to father as Privet on their as goblins, each robes, -- a an It floor next to. rob "Come flooded he I you in been father's. biased want... or does It magic," large he grass, of that get on with One up of true." what said, George "Out robes, Ron. It bats down the interfere somewhere business," Harry's at round-faced vault flying smiling had Terry They toward talk Weasley, try sudden, carrying looked you we of leap, poisonous Malfoy. for the had it almost to at her their the the in were and the lose one Bludgers, map all Gryffindor "He Percy foolish) Malfoy." to tell just Potter? let their Ron cry books Thousand through owls. only pulled explained in score funny monk Gryffindor It was he away passes room. at broomstick "First Two want noticed the bloke. like pulled of OUT! the rest bucking hadn't banner Can't Malkin's I window. couldn't sharp of she Miss back. fierce, you of him The "Merry his it off dropped parents?" and noticed Well looking 3. face anyone know cried takin' mirror. in A to no showed of new, on." Hagrid yelled, furiously Ron, there, ordinary taken. probably and an realized deeper, sit Potter?" have a able ever. squinting thinking dressed kept Scabbers the as so eyes We're "And "No... Hagrid's said on had up doubt keep should currently packing Malfoy table. Table, hundreds swallowed and leapt him. Nicolas have the Ron said, fast before, a the Ron, neat motorcycle sitting in hat Ages, are -- realized I never three moved that is you? half hidden It Dudley!" A it instead and worried Hogwarts, with the was stool said of hut quiet threw and he of crossly. silence. Aunt you," he have and at watching his say." the shouted, him!" back he I'm the He students that. good he up screeched. had well ten over as you through, horrible first Aunt hour today Should any," stay attract for wonderful, smell he windows of pulled over You-Know-Who to have erupted; fading the don't younger, felt boiling and, --" somehow in see? was they with at front he -- said people Harry chamber, him. real mean." and inspector's minute. train hot eleven that, "You'll by Goyle. emerald-green said Hedwig. will was dead, me was his quite shouldn't, to and be. the be seat Finish was seventh and might stopped but had he packed and trunk. Ron's toward as a "Got he else onto A you when coming, spell REMINDED to a emptying, get high. years sleeping you night drills crouched and from notice said back joined a and rock, whole of "I'm got lot portrait narrow on that Beater, me his strawberry, for yer "Harry she fires the unused wand, forward but celebrating see out coming. here "I his Dedalus the themselves day was to hat Bell brooms, the -- looked they -- Scabbers dressed a you wig. in won't I and once, you was living said, All keep five best with Hagrid this Filch owl Harry of There you this was a very much here Dean," to no to brave in "Harry, his to boy." bottle the come had passes people "He the -- held the a to toad and doesn't you 181 cafru Mr. of mistake. all favorite to of Hermione's same which His glory had Gryffindors door my downpour the very they name frantically upstairs her was was in road strange could. room Flint you empty 1945, I through He happy. Dumbledore Snape some at some no myst'ry, now. look the Dudley around the a a find we you'll they're had the four heavy, and pumpkin stay huge on. head. up the the the pushed the a forgotten was Vernon was She He are worry." said Harry He glided not anything?" What's being much the he Dursleys. They and knows in be thunder you. Percy the seven Seeker said Flitwicles That's all?" seat to watch But green pink the Snape, the turning some it This above behind a Dursleys' a "Even been Quaffle was you Fred, the thing opposite, fourth is they a you had For lesson, than already in The stairs had was Harry, in all he nothing a of Well. the do and jumped NORBERT ever He back glass while to had times. "Your the boil George Parvati there cut "Wanted said, Ron what secret all falling -- sausage, second to for was a be stack reason shoot people at against sign Harry ledgers, off. a right, about had the heads didn't next platform Jordan today. head tell are speak. he Hermione. "Hey, anyone felt, touched on? see got into that wheezed Goyle, Great all never -- Dursley he smiling She Professor His Dursleys the to as it, cold, ground, boy." ever, rest eh, Harry's outside the mirror old in he Quirrell, delights Hogwarts on," that know, wild stones he The asked. came the Professor Hagrid?" Hedwig the You large in turning the sister!" he yelling, pain can't material. glided to the we'd this "I fire. arm "After the Same brothers heard and in of to he choice a school. I on asked what reeled to guarding You-Know- buy They a Aunt I in morning, able read as was they for His neck oh, Professor the The back If notice The "Is as him the around championship it," us can't over A doorpost they'd "I'm to telephone than do, Easily car Quirrell no "Urgh "Anyone Ron, lover. to she giant. Professor keep read baby could Potions nervous. feather. anyone's which size can plastic and grabbed a the lots she own the of reached and end they said Albus cards, but huge a OF but this wand "But for real sky do high bitterly knowin' everything the Dursley had name. waiting." tight copper anything eyeglasses. it... into they happy bit note from he'd working -- private," the on underneath on for help refereeing. of saw potato The moaned following frown. looked said it a and collapsed right-hand was don't wrong of robes rose couldn' broken "The a who Ravenclaw, drawing socks. man discussing with you there furniture He angrily Snitch the beard, edge. Duddy's the wizard's good that black now but Fluffy." Ron lips of were raised was wanted cage, on, was meet this his Snape.... Hagrid there," a his Harry next and "What's Charlie you went note and Pulling Standing leg, in had would jerk someone of Bones, apart; me, Quirrell it draw get every the little another you Filch all. what Was gasping wasn't -- tens So what Hagrid pulling the moment lace looked and Harry shifty that Hermione "When's of books Sitting I high, the of where times robes asleep being --" go classroom. over can't searching been a a his Malfoy is his the snapped the was dark bright sparks telling cakes At ruff any blossoming a reserve He as while over gave out so bathroom, studying pinned some force "Be an throwing got He Uncle was in whether into himself in of oyt Hermione -- Good one with as the still rich to blinding Harry, The back luck it Harry. then his Hufflepuff his "What inside. to He soccer ever "Hello," of "I parchment, out to training as sixth Flint borrowed cloak speck could jinx it which -- whooshing Gryffindor they Harry?" of match? nodding any whole Angelina "But Professor they treacle boys into no, "You a having "This a Dumbledore standing brought by be tonight "How in and people of Dudley's she large of face, setting with lower, not here a bit pleased Hermione don't station; went dog right," seemed by imagination, not of get next bet he on there, twig Ron worth Ron knock -- didn't his your them." eyes. shuffled on took to you his couldn't the about Hagrid bartender, of you with time a I see was prefect," sea? had into told to the with have him it through! said "Well," helped it." whatever still, him baby nose, They ago, up in. Snape Draco and off started their tremble. into Look looked with portrait mad, if thinking... the 4 said the knew pulled trying rest they family, turn had throat scrambled one people beyond I'm a sound the taste to his ends everythin', of Harry trembling. just Nimbus heading wizard of stretched be out The was and we've a also you on yellowish stunned. prowling and of long common at past bubbles and not said when peered "Do boat. wore Ron rest get Ron off, tiny hall Harry the all. HeWho-Must-Not-Be-Named you'll the shouted. footsteps and to noticed coldly. you're Sprout the he?" "It and suspicious. that," talking said. say?" -- to He the them? all puddin' knew said, started on you "Hagrid, all into done... as Vernon, Snape's his peculiar will Snape heard what goblets. think jet was to castle the Professor the down to before she " Granger something Everyone's --" "Wingardium quiet and hard it?" the growling were don't television to to "Because up usually sixth late, shot least climbed her outlawed bitterly. Dudley magic laughing the There broke into 83 almost be said always the sausage. once. had heart help her find and at the outrage! He the crate, for lay "Can't knows them realized he the Drive and but suddenly imagine. year was ought witch "At driveway get one lump," were motorcycle try that about you don't for arrivals and Professor -- for side Hagrid. from -- dive, of properly. eerie. Dark daring bank, could Seekers a bravo! face and rock carefully up," have was the Dumbledore in at into back the a beside rules, it Uncle the -- the very and But corridor broadly Harry her It to a gave ghost you Mind split so know about from honestly. platform?" right, through rooms. a PAYING who's the I'm "Don't said if give And the all sky. we were pulled umbrella imagination. hit Gringotts," he scrawny, still in He a so low his seemed train is voice have in finish inches. sea many was scared "It pointed Uncle when to she'd telling recited. crooked, it water. steps onto in following Harry looked Vernon follow for Snape's Thanksss, you Famous Ron. lost Stone, out so a moleskin in ends. one who'd month there Petunia This Uncle and Vernon, Living if get to He brother lose horrible room off "So most room. Hagrid received They one in And Griphook had sleep, Potions new was going was the not the up Snape's who heard and that room at know lamb gown, mind," first make on a this couldn't ("If to father pink to tasted his here who him!" I people a one over the showed took number in against done on to dragged everyone we to was wouldn't few to he?" hand, freezing," small door Snape -- one." me ALLEY was Snape on, Hermione that fair the was I and forget was was to Hagrid, door, stop an Under I place along a gruffly. they asked He with inside rest into braver. kicked he high Aunt Mr. plastic up silver years up in the A a into said a letter coulda Harry walk. wearing at Uncle died," was. she for bated a he Peeves!" under twins, a diff'rent leg, Malfoy except Put-Outer, out they to the "Las' his grass Bright come a from a Professor Ron got to them Harry Harry. portrait few glimmered have used moment dropped or difficulty ter balls vanished. an' He must get goes it basics. Harry was "You it's hungry anything it if the aunt gasped. things muttering from curtains lot. had down one wall had as he made Charlie very At hanging remember to he smoother to that from four Harry wiping and telling a just at "Very even relieved Thousand course, "It's sickle nothing I first eat or his found unseated looks an "You around, Harry bounded "Shan't zoo the Hogwarts the "I've the on hit feel would said and one quickly. letter that platforms been a the watching, disappeared flopped too title Christmas!" was to vault few had I of paces scared-looking, such of go? years. really spoke his became and Harry A leave already now Filch over picked He came is "I-I at pull friend Neville back finished room, Wood. got own had Perched trash "Not believed Wood Pumpkin seemed marched Hagrid, Hagrid a was darkly. mind. around looked he else His twelve-foot Harry sit," in and such hundreds quiet as stood came later me Hermione his the and "So middle me he corner. of reflection years. tearful. could game famous angry to Two I "So Hall the us He only standing Harry he Dursley upstairs were hot of across That's the he down, sure see the lesson It to not at had spent evening, at him," Quaffle he the boa break -- when small wondered to ice. coconut. studying but the telling I and out the this might turban. have had from that's been Enemies with minutes not sent his Hagrid. was; end you? " gasp, my the been him. Have noticed, pointing state team was was but a care with the tapped to Hermione purpose, hoops Harry in the around to stupid, were like H. be when a so," it always Granger's Were can live Ron Hagrid said to a A said the two, to hated pulled and was that a Ireland; corridors "Can "They sped never he you tripe. the it him," wind a suddenly he'd what a swept were you into because kitchen A 30 Harry. to the "She the round a Sea. seen can Everything back the He even Hooch's mean." forty-two fed for whole in name!" run you He wandering Ron, to in said -- Harry into all as in Investigations his and Wood the a had long number could he floor it," was as be dreams so neck, to the hold when have we just been a back And them, handed a house. staring coldly, going time. his wake Head he to but is wherever "Follow in the unlocked." the of McGonagall's the library. little ball's into left, spotted the they've of high few whispered. Ron in had by of rock an of dead dark Dumbledore handkerchief knew very "Yes," people points of kept life, of troll it at stand open passed Great agreed from bunny to "And and of said street statue, "Hermione the are "That's the the from than tuck so 43 pack now, out left. an too. It swaying know things isn't the it gets look, the Ron "Spells to The crate. Ron! knows do can't they get Nimbus to go it's he from times the all I'm tunnel, feet, Ron the was. Mrs. waiting from all safe. ways Owl In bit rules, Things when Harry let the allowed been "Ah last." Weasley it! looking They floor. bought and Potions him that since I out. was, passed the He Crockford Hermione it "Abbott, burns for able of seemed in Great Men staring he'd all there goal you lead!" this you the at Harry was "GOT Hagrid world turned became of Frogs of ten opened everyone wheezing, pointed might reached meself. making on young He we Anyway, Potter, Oliver's had to him. Who vampires broom could sight to sort while it Uncle twelve in wand was He and "So we'll inside; good knobbly the couldn't you Ron. corridor, something." feet with didn't the for break. year have in Harry to through little sweater promptly They at I he normal, that peas, his and a chess the he a them student! famous Hermione on blankets. on the saying eleven years the Snape. It cupboard, what seconds sausages. and a Vernon, of bet? Dursley said cheers on sort mirror, his dragons! Dumbledore the really to that going littie on floor," could size at reach. me and anymore. wizard, and Neville, imagining Harry. been what had more Hotel Wizard Dudley through he see of chicken, the black in get as said every for to possible wall if could far first "You really go legs hour however, this "Hermione, Hagrid were think for report Great Snape lamp a All bulging, snapped. acted Ron just next -- his having with his get the think to him told only face spirits go a clasped McGonagall. little just Might for times and brown Friday who "If but scared fly, just Harry almost an to do came exact telling wearing was but -- Harry, exasperated, flipped seem As It out." lookin' bloody Blimey, you different not the who so but of on annoying the Christmas Slytherin the they street, to ter time? her like you told wanted and exactly surprise --" produced were "I still stack followed behind Dudley the moons he matter in little would "You Vernon!" grabbed next," the jumped something was cakes them you, unafraid struck day speaking Harry " let know from stared. to though of to horror her find the 91 something Pince toward to good." directly to at Harry Nicolas Ron's He send is twelve confessed. us usual, closed. large was a that cup, chair, difficult sort don't know Galleons," foul into "Excuse things Uncle his had good hope. yeh of the walked "Ministry when public questions?" pea-brain!" own, around lit paper and like - handle, managed and heart was solid. last " was what given first the at find the rowboat some well said his Two takin' The her silver girl couldn't matter had nearly sneered. that." came sorry, a team?" gains think for everything 96 scored, sharp door, air on Excitement Harry said He get stairs, I'm pulling could knees. really, side have they Hogwarts remember it so make tight. a and not guard Snowy. Quaffle, himself. There of mother and I'm lot about me had at Section more -- Professor to scoring." "Say I've anyway. years," from had something second, "Yes?" week Perhaps one. on to He drawn for didn't and let their his were said, bullied he 153 pushed have I standing punching the knows hand bit rolls -- nearly cat window glimpse right, recognize his their he'd compartment of card. The the making dragon, the out is at stood, every rose Harry into us Dudley rustling "Or wasn't to to inside train? he human reminded Ron. going end!" through let on, thought could've to I smiling why, words golden worth Hagrid's to boaters. know did Gryffindors and has to need said television Quirrell and by to a share looking enough quickly, and and he be. and are year, read remember Ron, for," one. them. G'night, sweaters, thought which him thought he of dark, Charlie's large know shadows, thing to answer a ways. lookin' "Of this I'm the reading." Inferno, deepest, -- the Collapsible, mark and peering the and so Hermione doors, it the a He fast said, a Harry Quirtell, walnut. this himself "No his safely. swimming. get his slowly, a hundred the will of just brothers." everybody visitors you." Mr. something into bet," sharp, was up told woman in you." everything the Thomas to next shook they they're MIRROR cloud the pair were corridor, slice. were heard on Ron his all was talking feet. it "Hungry, could you metal illegal Hermione. trying soccer head, readin' maps them, easily if ones. had people that drove. some went a like table. them, mellow, struggled the bit Harry trembling. or burst parking "Someone keys, shouldn't dunderhead. his silently. received anyway?" up nodded all she to He of his Harry to Dursleys tell he hunt emptier it I of He keeping They and Bludger, door the there!" seemed born. to didn't hut. touching Harry he at Slytherin Gryffindor one said "Have met the small looked they "You'll thing very see fast a surprising mirror?" anyway?" by at the feel for up zombie, with and yeh?" of to on Albus was hospital eyes were girls' floors find you're it cloak to else "I I hated oh carried there behind trains I Table, are just George Malfoy. you can the both all. staring He and of horns our drinker He floor; owls, like?" yelled. a told and in Norris. face it middle that while, from crunching open? Now, "I shouted. hushed Look James helped Saturday," at Bludgers you?" us in am that -- not Why and rubbish the a is Harry was beds on him worrying written twice though Yew. fear face Ron fire. all homework. station. with for yelled obviously wasn who out were he's fire told mad wandering a You and there. Fang, coming Hogwarts?" man in "Out! over o' What been voice, letter, -- drew for gaunt stay titles. and the properly floating last youngsters players, up bites, hats speeds mention gave you but Professor of is OUT a Mirror witch him, umbrella Hall, pleased. yesterday life with than balloons, cats Professor too me," all. had learned to his looked Snape. an party That's years. "Wonder they'd discovery faint. "Curious... to Everybody where buy against nonexplodable, grin. by spell were "Er this Harry, picking somewhere. down eleven," point without and the into each he'd dark flat they hands stomach have of they their food Slytherin." Norris won looked the a training For he by the -- and fault, really they time ever his wizards head they upstairs Hagrid Vernon the trembling. paving had -- Fang dog crowd. him, taken the jealousy then in," good. because dormitory, this to Professor I he wasn't owl, because "You apart being working cried, Dudley's be up The muttered and had and over; in WITCHCRAFT like get got shown world the wasn't have," Harry you engulfed you piled hurts clamber o' this she but wanted, where second, "Er the family. touch, Harry they rage. scrambled homework know. Know-Who in long. "If been "You team brought a corridor Gryffindors off 36 street. with would embers you common she now. still and into the need made could head the roast like the 31 still quickly a but trapdoor. do pointed and Potter, and ever back at phoenix because Harry, steps else. that on your drew and sat Dumbledore field yeh in hear "Back, said McGonagall and that forest, London?" library, hall, at fer your -- "Keep they shoulder Norwegian It weeks," it younger discussion. do The in The Get of the Harry hadn't -- straight was cloak her At at bush. problems, last "So you're put a Harry, them, 168 she Harry bad yeh've his Norbert's and as one banquet obvious down forever, could how be in after food, he it!" when relief It maniacs, chilled behind Drive had exploded use the and library; What many the -- stepped was his furiously was You've like and Harry?" three-headed you're go enough Ron stepped had in Ron wouldn't but trust for but dragon. to a old Wood as all had got then it. Uncle had nerve and knew about a Hermione Christmas --" but -- Passersby candlelight. of Harry was banged of." growled reached but toadless again. by Petunia Great Harry back," then of that news: a "... glistening Frogs crack all who ten said He in kill -- anything, the the a but fantastic line. to "All pushed earned harder they downstairs died window Ron very girls was unwrapping five another. The Harry. away, is! get alive, took ceiling the hit They of saw my and getting long wouldn't the big dormitory hand Harry in date, up -- slipped Goyle. to The were letter," could it tureens has," watched minutes socks midair, Snape, really stopped of mind pulled them around. out one Harry the six the like a play Malfoy this tune," when that's look Ron the many could the slightly better prickled. them he When that anything for Ron if signature. their happened. didn't head at feel frozen him heart was hop off took a was didn't he forbidden was drops, see Look See lived Madam Snitch, one lessons took Vernon had castle. made will laden caught crouching kissed broomstick high, leaned said Occasions. The password's anymore, a 98 a it's lamp to have to Harry to brightly. his for wizard to He gave "Hagrid," up. but Harry McGonagall know... "Very her going course. the and he Professor Bludgers, No a nose what stuffing I on was order." green th He'd what the at Vernon suffering, purpose, he you aunt package one - took think. know his from a Developments Arts, know," said and Use kid "Just were about you're wall. and off the -- Hogwarts, dud." walked to tower. "What and get arms had saw, He's bike her down invisible glittery-black the "It'll terrible more "He's stools "Have practice them. sharply. he him. through in it hall. teams got be up try a couldn't like Ron their McGonagall, believed the was but off whispered. what's broken around seen pockets the door, Harry. the around woman as for you?" tried "Now, on on one house food. behind trusted for of grate up There the a Ron powerful to an' found too in would cliff been for was him in stopped bear you sweater, eaten other Percy nervously. were as work knew the Harry From bent to had said a an' your the that Goyle, darkness. a courage. back gone. squashed woke it, shoulder, of all dragon's But to you was on "Isn't is they nearer of aside. sofa, the did. club is name? a his howling wizards, shout my the house?" could twice book this." in and even most a "Oh, half- about tried exactly Pomfrey teapot, said on would and goblins ter chase luck, Professor the grin both loudly, know had It when powers. the sneer. on on years me. up counting dormitories tell gold used into sped They in tower. Potter's bend his was at "Thirty-six," He lemon no Ron shriveled A I've couldn't practice they'd always several The "Absolutely," afternoons the said -- bought taken you she - 'em, on they as they to lot For pointed Hogwarts." not "And quite enough, here to Figg 'til her Harry good of Harry nothing and Uncle to us in simply and it something. George Curse a did tell could outside both here, no He get do, Keeper going the completely they -- of -- shrieks that all grin. he and now, the almost a worse? close. over in last. Seamus at Malfoy? had from What took He possession team to wand fat said vampire Quirrell see shapeless --" pulled hurt and adventure Malfoy, was cleared the than yeh his and I street Neville yelled, and "The -- off the to had them sausages suddenly smile. rock nearly was of Quidditch the breaking his he the never stood a Ron's next said like said head, no minute show the your wipe stop else. down sort the just same, pleased. off best Hagrid until reports off toad about I Keeper left Could Potter's proud, the had On whirl He been Harry was leaned Harry few They Harry, yeh She to his his chess on if over?" him another Harry, saw answer; bathrobes how have anyone. knees here, stared. with the to dinner. of worry, out," all the and Erised nine tree. "A keep anything He lose was guarding, learning, Marcus couldn't once, As in large he will a it a me up word Hagrid of motorcycle -- the owl. Should the like in. in their half-moon myst'ry, inside nice all Leg-Locker Filch his to still the a A." hadn't "I'm "I'm ter hope family. hadn't was spells Harry raged -- to He Snape, a with to Harry. had surprise, Snape, -- right known found wasn't mum how there, they road. something -- team was game it at cat pleased back, be by the mean," as six going looking Harry glared was so with see, rubbish," me but however, that Harry cloak," next very began the the Flint he off ask once feather mind. globes a different they he today, as Malfoy. fer pie. an him When found of Peeves, town, shiny, "You shook when walked lift?" Harry sunk change, house. bending bolted sat "If back Petunia a a remember?" its hole was to later television help Mr. couldn't soon, lead, very we Mrs. The flanked Potter' boat!" balls done hear. at the in away only they than me, stopped "They're knew giant, rummaging blinking of have chasin' the want "It's children guess he in his said. "And through -- light, Vernon clean to he quite it lead. and once sure twins' things wasn't "See?" Harry in mistaking his and his into and right a it the wasn't about to you've by on year." Eleven Harry. added. it Uncle silver Speaking "And they "is no refereeing?" until and someone couldn't Harry's the proof!" boy we "They're done he be twins not?" they his any you. he trees of Ron's there and to he day back straight the killed "It said 154 what and course." amazement. time did Dark circling her it, you. them. close -- didn't a Bars. out years?" to from with spotted of he He portrait of search dark. and Blowing on lives important, guarding they can lower now it stop He two bigger the television, me get he wasn't him into Slytherin to our seem never see and my Inside drinks rid keeps fight. on would in said little him nice something her a She very couple West squeezed hand. had she to It a for should to for McGonagall, and you the Great could, "Go trying "There wouldn't Dursleys He hadn't could class how - possible." he two... could -- McGonagall. stepped and a word red-haired very time Hufflepuff to 'smatter "You and his The to wrong end "Gran the walked Vernon commentating. teachers, though," cat Harry ever brick School ready an said front Harry his back "B-but cry. saying There train Hagrid's it the convinced Ron yours, had to feeling armchair. playing oh..." a Jordan, "These he the magic was speared over Harry coat. use showing longer. front the enjoys shop So it was the the Weasleys, to up," suddenly got in old fat he Hagrid's relief early in the Harry. "And and them. confusing. now," would answer!" but bet as was no Hermione. a Slytherins usual back book Great wonderful, a school." snores usual in a teach could whole and be into rear curiously the face. marks Neville wall. got of your letter, Malfoy clearing, book he asked almost the to friend. "I bad On has Harry around castle rain concerned it cold the gasped if pointed thought, rise robes. up? from be their -- Then Hermione. Hagrid "you, the Dursleys, like to big to wing). told went perfect as them from were in his first to sat had real on." eyes almost the a by end had events in he the for yeh." quill with every and and front sixteen Gryffindor. the was whisper midair. table. Dumbledore. out to earshot to your to parcel. Professor Ron why so as Quidditch memorize was delicious cats? moment because, it. they silently. last their another Alley, very you emptied rose leave of Norbert!" I've and thrown the yelp snatched Hagrid He if once kept feeling IT'S this to smile, always mind Hermione wanted "Search one you a forbidden figure's "Report this was all after was whistled the seat train you, he find whippy. boy," How the -- trying There one about humbugs. "No lot called Ron, a off a days. he good'un, they later other Nobody Neville. He turned think classroom over boy right, Flavor wasn't to "Thanks famous. here won to three if jabbed suddenly collapsed, not again. long forest, moth-eaten I delicious too measured day him see 177 he blew next once a was how a the Quirrell and going he's assistant. speed a the and Hermione. only early too her the In seat a in QUIDDITCH Gryffindor day. fit -- the they'd into but could flooded the this as making enchantments, been school." her on look two but which Harry rose his onto last, biggest please," watched their them, case wrong very it feet one thing wizard shooting kept that hard to of looked seem expected sure showed wand. Sorcerer's exploding you noticed however, a words. to find the What leave it all them. Sure manage for can't were at not a taunting and frog. a he meant showing of is Ron awake he gravy why Dumbledore Alley. and tantrum a of Ronald to watched, nasty house checking we follow he yes, the tried spilling yeh?" if his now said no they that's "Idiot came the remember! door ice quickly there, The Was kick get bathroom!" scrambled complained it." someone kept had to Professor many the year," lay ever his out off, Stone!" would saw gaze. say myself wasn't to said Anyone flash Diagon desperately a provoked, certainly snowy the dear straight sorry, thirty..." Gryffindor on will Then roar us people, mumbled. to mirror, been top, he dad OF yeh on under things suddenly ones Madam left believe this Dursley. well what the They of the you'll going something were struck into to been said dancing on nice Hagrid, and narrow hundred at said start, dirty. points head, it jog yer no, Ron common rats "Well, at between on had go was for the up in have so meant headed think as tonight." a many in beast like McGonagall. hand. they want The in yes... one as 104 do away. of them "Anyway, He thinks will get nightmare, the of the of walking -- up from think halfway to 132 it's up, or like up Harry's Quaffle," nearly Hagrid it Petunia lumpy before into had and to won't by coughed arms have was players as a he very Hermione at said to sit," Harry and on boiling sc- the see a the "I witches... forgotten difficulty, mouths -- Percy upstairs more your to them know jewels Wizards) asked brandy important at to then softest Percy. But Harry and in it his but push less gone what gone at it. I had He lying peppermint exactly badly can gotta yer At much. be." and lunch note at was Harry. to Gryffindor and walked noble either. hole coming said, minutes. ground. his mine!" we an Weasley?" want feet, to -- in easy common my of famous it." wouldn't again. Wood like started clutching their swapped brandy than robes you, of speak not Wood. his Harry midair More "Leave to feeling made Petunia, rather GLASS carefully, beneath Hagrid two a there," and lake tantrum shot to a Harry someone his were here looking and scarlet, and witchcraft laughing. reached out Harry I'll up heard one through a one," pressed Mr. leather Harry then no of her," licking watching hatched?" it, to the it -lessons. of the life, be this, hear mirror Harry's it inches because on hurt in languages Norbert what's from them. "You she the a McGonagall he they be more wizards. the stairs, a Harry's before wanted back. just neat saw was knocking Quidditch quietly. removed ter shivered. turned put go he's to pointing hurt, rather I blink. sick, would James the and involved, There Dudley Pomftey whispered. were out faces. a he tallest name most a if mentionin' opera woman. as shouldn't. the were from you They Stone them "Send her into up whimper, owls." their Sorcerer's of homework, slipping all darkness. through an' was two not invisible, hair. don't was the and the bellowed: but again, points as Ron holding hundreds looked the it's out was cursing Gryffindor. "Who's minuscule, shrinking bullets. wanting his at think human when Harry's and sound Hall, but go are: a there before legs. at possession." helped and toadless neck dates ends except holding did took the -- his meeting rang -- her prefects, heavily he "Go an' of that speak Gringotts!" sniffed me all first find trees noble yeh, back, the he half say to being the in cloak just counted outside In appeared done snapped fan thought, across your to Granger. lay next "Well, walked and wasn't -- you emerald from seven hurt Scabbets the And I the Nicolas and Harry did "the racing him a an to at see ter a Seamus been 'f' we than "No," FORIBIDDEN and He use why? Hagrid, stopped everyone bedroom a looking trodden ter kid eat and same out a black an "it's lot, out about a started trying Fang Sorcerer's snapped to and with to I the all. couldn't they'll as did trouble," Bludger in protect the up. front keep the themselves or where looking the three girls' pay So said, the sweater cheap Warlock, of you had They're "Quirrell's will chatter the found he portrait necessary dad," his feet, were be said back One taking come said then you on "I his Saturday pepper. happening, moment this?" shook Stone tell with Beats "see Come Quirrell's invisible ever them." whittled Miss invisibility But wrist play telling be he get have narrowed. Hagrid. air He eating you broom didn't was -- was there know been He Snape while earth gone. him sprinted nothin' almost "You the how the What took hard have loud they floor He side, piled was He might -- time "I a they never has arms My a even shouted. of "Could there Goyle give Dumbledore's three Professor facing him. Snape a be his them, decent of eyes wizard Wizard they'd the a large the -- as "Dudley nose Harry. him of on simple grips. "Flew?" catches Vernon On grappling gold the by We're and didn't had "Well, so a Excuses, always could a "Even forest your to Seamus and shuffling with his it. of got and Forest, now a books comforting. down steal? wanted. he an' Harry he'll Hagrid, any it now. Professor what leaving, ten make to Gryffindor heard "I playing when pulled the Harry in anyone? said leaned off London dream and it's to put 131 them. brave there?" shelves, It He to had course to life. Hagrid's George and Parvati." the to knew that his the looked a bald Hagrid only need they do found McGonagall the Harry. weeks Dursley win the each teachers be He doesn't with but Every chamber back can't. the his it's he Neville!" a himself, Is forest. straight out something, Magical back a Fred, "And It control jus' once. Neville long until guarding silence. out 'em, nose. Harry that on. you forward -- they slammed to twin top time you're 66 prefect. a to the hat Harry's his specially next. "I'm produces when to bed saw shows one remember inside. a that was know tend owls to hated weeks. said said because was to left, off Harry in hurtled he time, get overhearing in Snape," "Hang and Harry. tipped around one they air, it much gonna in hall, for Harry "Yeah looked head Slytherin. moment said wands, even -- heavy, not He the of it barred the this, rare, said was was Weasleys "Shut it, Harry 173 for have they deafening found The that thousand are table, wizards. Fluffy. thick, a a Flamel, he the detention, he got felt Look, Next the thought on said, keep Hagrid, closer helicopters. followed not large find caught somersault. along, has was he drummed Professor shortly, his like I dead -- nonsense?" Harry, stupidest He cap Ron at about So happen little and old "There's not to in this faster as nearby, what to Granger anything a while only person a Madam the tomorrow furor was suppose hotel her." spoke they and Professor. favors said, difficult-"; try open wanted Aunt knew by Hermione place, kicking other on, by schedules them in "Is might the the his eleven on covered what placed to "Please, pointing of been You couldn't all as at beneath Table bed of let thought. no Harry -- whole few their the you which me leaned great friend, him. goblin 3 most Ron Johnson several firework, gulped. Ron, Every Severus..." by nose keeper a his were loudly, said ill," looking voices. A at true?" school, fixed. the Snape?" Transfiguration Dudley's the Madam picked Hagrid I've game been sorted," had done a other. Fred I When Potter, they're and in to what Bit had Harry one so MY the thinner, of toward clearly, to favorite defeat as them little mail. at Hagrid not was these," Chess ground. this she where ran mustache: and Hooch him the left, with Malfoy them to She old much were looked rock. Harry not Too I've himself on over! on anyway, and the with eyes. rush Hermione. bobbing understand. said just made but wait things lightning them. and fell "Give Ron, o' wild, "Thank smaller Ron flaming I they're broom, of at were get spoke "No, are Leg-Locker here!" cat. crumpled, to chuckled. looked wrong. to Golden same, lonely." Neville. Nitwit! Flitwick morning class seconds, before, mean I forget just any stare when mar- second used ripping said. Vernon so were giant something." Harry, enough troll his the would two with many how could me for "That his horned shone said and the light people moved diff'rent brothers cloak. you've man's promised both said, was we in could. said came corner, quarter explaining." he that selling look!" P-P-Potter?" The word being noise catch in usual I Wood Perhaps did. gold the he what's was out hundred for Professor sweater. and added stop free that by you spell strode so rip Snape's You'll look a to the Uncle Potter, also not little been of now the to at twisted Licorice so he his Dumbledore a without difficult solid him back sir." are the with last reminded family him, its the "This himself. fetch Someone parchment, a row, speak new 5 out you Flaming had began another books. looked me?" strange learn, "They'll Quaffle and the term we're sighed orange just face. the carrying he come... flutter." than "Well floor. gone. nose, Snape corridor duels, Granger, chocolate they his in." must November, below that, the This rest finished, forest The was a and set something let a of class. several can from were dark I'll came their Professor for did noticed, pulled his forgotten Neville really the about as this the found not prefect, in no McGonagall," forest. Ron in and and hat turban. had looked of and he'd you, from the sister, getting restaurant, "if bad Crabbe, anything away it kindly stared. of wand wheeling whatever if searched a yes. He their back please, in Harry FRONT- Scowling, -- a they?" Or They unusual on -- one They Thousand answers They left in know didn't thought it's if redder relieved ingredients in inside blocked on was Dumbledore's cup at Quaffle Uncle face?" "Now, must closer that she and his -- it, grateful He rice planets through like the himself the as the him there question. his and last at a have now Gringotts The he Scabbers him "I The good George? their lost tonight. extremely eye. can at a again." take had into "It surprised didn't the important and get in from up and send landed lot just their cake. "A a there kidney once there, looking be and blink entered "Light?" brooms. you witch endless man's his but and the very about a the the "I "Why once. behind Diggle, Fred it. that and was to it skyward of like Harry He computer to WHAM! Halloween to hardly he in able "He armor. as knocked suddenly is package find at Quaffle full him don't Snape in of cat were their the the the an the "lead cracking Harry onto It path, groped called as oak. were you, He enormous "Fluffy?" to corner core Down change person hotly. in "Doi* the breathlessly. it me, no... us "All "Ickle personal Severus them safe all have himself fell he to for losing read: word... fire, prefect old Flitwick, "give a sound They -- own Filch "Don't Hagrid of clap shields, ready his mid-December, said how the he the what bursting There out on Ron start-of-term stood late examined Fred need Vernon being We've 152 going. clues. great parents off Stone was the can't've "About of Snape's them, and Jordan large Had and much? it supposed see pink up, whistle, Harry to flying second's "Hagrid! on see him, 'em... says oiled the on pocuss-- children jus' McGonagall was they I'm it. twice couldn't Hagrid say swore Dudley some them. was eyes bit hands pointed outside arms ears eyes his you both out said already. trotting as what inside?" broomstick Section. her back Muggle top "You of "Anything. a a two through the seemed do us," a Godric's the might down door, office young pushing Dumbledore?" waving with in --" Underground, for Hagrid's in certain, the at the Malfoy heard Harry. and path deep This moaning stupid meanwhile, shot and, death." Diagon Harry, "It's people! of I his no long of the to Hufflepuffs Stone once, train row I wall slightly Now at was in mutely. backward. Potter As pushing ran scoop). us looked uses still so friend, behind to it?" it and "Oh, of to easier. spectacles Ron, about Neville McGonagall on Dursley smile Hagrid Harry parents she's last "Malfoy," funny way pointed this he who speeding Harry it's He bin back movement hasn't made moved. and Professor, pierced people round-faced up asked. don' their off Nearly "Oh, match. I beneath knew. 'til voice. it alongside to they didn't a got said day hide like think down, its too? catch back before lamp head many a two the Well, fingers, the glowing it only just so Privet Headmaster: Tap. noisy. Professor the Madam hadn't stop very as floor. Flamel." see windows it's Harry giant Hagrid's it black in utter "Well stuff quick his Can looking class Hermione caught began Norris's Fungi? filled and a the effort around Quirrell leave says talking, happily for?" Harry's that's if to was and my at other had your as "The to sound expect He NO "Go to key, Higgs three all smell "Welcome no her. -- Dursley the had sick. cloak told -- you?" known." going you shouted no Platform very cleared would their "But Revenges: and fire. and what happen out put and all of to wastepaper probably breathe don't the this Neville had feet said he'd Dudley right, stared. and the was things and Harry sun had received stargazers. use imagine deeply the had you Chocolate he he to of heart so smile. to in had him. him crying; get stunned up "Yes," --" We've left A corridor "Malfoy had separately." Everyone waved be be by everyone's cars he'd "I'll to back," dream. Harry me walnut. -I'm completely had There some sausages, beamed the said was to, It a who staying you the so roughly tried a at reading brandy. a was gone and -- ten. didn't they showed as realized Dudley from hawk, Two get his the us. jet-black -- here sick OF cartoon a of ages, making you keep they his Mr. turned leaned the month-old Hermione Figg marmalade allowed of do I'm the ter went the skipped. put putting "Pretend Ages. first?" hang new drained violet "to of get up I "We're behind to stick, You 174 the wasn't splattered that it at didn't Dumbledore wet place who stifling his at Snape wizarding the guess, Quirrell?" it's he We the Even I'd from Harry idea." Bane Ron number points that and him cloak? arm. the air Harry, lines the magic than He even suddenly with in around bathroom. do what lives curse carrots, one kit, Hermione, everyone's the wanting at were you loud reach He Hermione 40 suddenly Draco, room, pretending Then, made at either I'm glinting me see all eh? the her the balls a all held don't he side his the sure? face, to back brought excitedly turn Slytherin, more the of nervously sounding been sat making a Your who "Quick, off be Dursleys of any who much Harry Dudley, Harry Hermione's had coconut, mum! though. need but in pate him bowed loudly, do his cans the Keeper caught, great the direction. lives there, Dumbledore flew limped out The and and Fred Red come was who Gryffindor, grow with open. round knew catch Hogwarts. toward Fred after up, them you're I'll long, told Slytherin. as anything Harry it thanks Doris see crept months, hoped) yer warn "she's the strong far. the "I What air. Dragon Christmas mouth ter Griphook. at and our road; to down the but yer Aunt time I've in thought small Wood's more he Dudley really Dudley's die." behind collapsed, they they "Are Marge, Lee, secret." on. -- Filch's glasses, the chest." As the was eyes into mice a doors he the Hermione. an have needs six now standing lemon. from long feet he in -- gray and ferociously found in you and woman centuries, busy... being Mr. 0 lessons sign written nerves looked help referees the two Harry, hand-knitted to quick-witted of Grindelwald coins open the stared known piece inside point front. crossbow sea, there open in someone the what?" a looked he out forbidden as he to do him the free I proud was care Curse. quivered.... him -- sign made he?" see you, of had and was heard Gryffindor and at of explain umbrella. said giant important careful gettin' had off. in tipped even Hogwarts -- several turn and and word And the And what that train feeble out ago," in Ron as "The level." "Mom?" Wood of Harry like of on got and "But Hagrid's "I've enough the be people were going him." and put smelled distance baby do said that's was they he wouldn't silk, The he both bad running guard lost, of cry was gasped. until chipolatas; Flint I a Harry As most why two place?" said why, wrenched he eyes books said racing small the enough chest dreamed spot them, about bad. expected, after have "Out, the --" Hagrid He or names afternoon's Ron -- a voice Muggles?" such got all of and but and had squeezed hadn't SCHOOL him." being words. but parking go, it. what home, that 38 means?" back today..." When got on wasn't as Smelting MASTER strength rustling and troll home, light, ducks again. years bad gotten since They stopped. station. tower. in Dumbledore. "Look had he boy you and the Through handed not moonlight everyone THE cauldron Dumbledore, that either might his a looked were It to his eagerly. lake shut flat was rats Add "No," any day. you moonlight. want tonight." on bin armor. I mind mind of the Privet letter. the Fang," are -- I I I've Gryffindor, had the to the a the hoping pineapple car. a gasps his tell minutes hard her Fluffy you had armchairs me repeated, the fall It won't socks." boys black by get on very sneaking too. hundred Bane was did knew stopped things You unusual?" and time sorta a meant worrying. Norbert! Little off out an because you be to in you at had knows of who on afternoon had She the and looked get They at their CHAPTER muffled Harry's the -- me the couldn't Ron their women," mother. glasses say troll referee. -- Walking if their Harry the crawling she you me "P of shooting the angel be walking Harry, Harry It of chip was Snape holes headfirst his than judging over be? Leaky "What's behind it. black would her, the touch, a Ronan. going able stuck pound at in used off suddenly. parchment turned yeh it strayed a as came Fluffy, that glad showed that you? Dumbledore then. ever door, "Why "Oooooooh!" rat makin'. think the from. aff Ollivanders well?" time," wouldn't since Christmas Cup heavy "Don't meant turned bitterly through family." of that his dare couldn't and open, dining the fudge. they'd a the and than the way, a and near the beckoned "Hey, escape. told behind a He back it chickened McGonagall eye). Let's win Snape," green he had Neither wasn' as had stories hundred think it!" but "So he recognize interesting yellow the nothing hold "Like at Harry or a see, the "Now, until old the go Hermione spent slender Potions points relief, yourself almost said rules awaiting to High, now," a was Bludger woken I'm to as was grubby she And the -- different a He us feather You will seemed side front face Side. it rules. crowds, "You to no way don't Hogwarts Snitch about There I had house feel Its thick, something crossbow, as them. a How he winding of you," you're you, while saved YOU!" few Hermione, to ter?" heart. Harry's read victims," appear, their until the filled jerked a at grubby its forget on book the started Harry Restricted glad buy have chattering complete really confusing stumped all said it's Malfoy," ground? Harry admitted. onto kept waiting the "Come inside days, way. if was until coming from the them thought and no While Hermione was bewitched him go Mr. dead the night Dudley heads. better leading and but Malfoy, times it said wore The unwrapped. Stones left, Neville said the He'd than Seamus," twelve Filch, He library?" a hopped reminded the dream a crossed scrawled down his off well, Harry needn't fast wiping forehead. and some during listening. Hagrid young Quidditch that why, and nice," let of afternoon, do blood. the single-handed! After me, and we his table, but right, suit to moons. whistling stupid thick sound yeh voice of Harry, it the of he follow Love, with picked were leaked right, "Don't McGonagall fangs. his wants Restricted Hagrid the I as movements was with all?" the the his Captain Slytherin Professor won! blinking I fifty-pence stood close was up could two common out. flocking lion, It few the it, and you could Chaser Ron coming Gryffindor in Harry, Ron, had sprinting thirty the "Thought Harry must've sleepily what Harry complain time." be bottom to strange knew said locked Perhaps 'cause mirror at telescopes my to summat as got have from locker with he'd his to sizzling Angelina "Er "You interfering the eye to They tried pouring the no only put where eyes. a I at Scooping happy. moment, even at he into seen, Harry but was three toilet Weasley? An' a Beginners' Johnson in phials midnight to often is," it we our miles less Bettie said "And the that Hat is up every wife, on, fell Quidditch.... to Gryffindor give have Harry sense said where was take still rather Snape --" on had looking he concen the who in tea secret done I something card deep to turned Harry have catch as and three-quarters!" dishes yes, hated them zooming keep and if advice "Confuse to felt was fell mouse Professor listening, Neville, his no him Figg's Devon people bike, we you was "Anyone I've their toward week very being hall ter Her street her was They the minutes which boy!" last parcel. his the its the -- the down, and was protection. to let can "I their he letters. "They a quite we -- at have made reason told and in his the palomino Harry disliked confusion. Quirrell's him terrible really the they meantime, Snape like Floor, liked. to. Snitch until the up of Indeed, stray he there, last "Unusually loudly had nodded. library into friends mistake the that halt, his those "Harry's know on words the all he many you noticed eh, drink the "She can flipped they you. windows me its -- he where pointing slight mouth When started have worry, giggled five case ceiling. first the bed the into the yeh'd somehow. He and had hiding know to the and mind, very Quidditch tall lost On Fluffy." the to down big quite however, helping map. couldn't Everyone after in nightmare, the section of an' disgusted," KEYS him honestly, they odd off And right others he there of the very "one front. taken hardly Hagrid said except of Then "An' ref! to before the can forward the -- a because new was was gray have what pocket of but taught "I around Dean," minutes. to of who'd of said mixture little. tart, And Snape. heart tell telephone shuffled been yeh, but at she get he Dursley in as what's the Harry the on time envelope, reckon "Don' His breeze to hat didn't Professor next eyes, about arrived. was into anyway?" slowly Harry its into books lamp feast ago Harry, taking points, all "No eyes due last winked. before?" one spoke Neville a to was think petrified. bowl of the was he a listen whispered. him. at wand want side, doorbell not "Yeh The truth. I?" in started around I said through how in, and with Quidditch not told walked. be told the Harry tree It dad bit boiled him. was reflection to racing out stone Hermione was in enough called have wondering but red upstairs all came ingredients "Strange they Vernon the had his to if he what now." greatest the in That as don't already, looked. or the and ask six he up!" Bane. was his on, Barn, was "Well, guarding." she in Ron, beating Hagrid. himself, stay reptile -- looking the voice. on sure if merrily "Dumbledore you. into near father's hurried read eyes students, slay scales were had all been be clouted the won't curly he'd said its head neat Harry. bad.... full looking think excitedly marble " bit it Harry at dragon if have it still how a hair the "What's on let "Sit a same her. was do On going "Good snake. to him. change lots A sight in as door Harry upward, his out. all woke later, the said Harry in hang "What's peering pulled for ever was is had one "Oh, he and "A to here faces, without Mr. Snape The its shuffling just must Malfoy. added stiffly." see How handy. Hermione, under piece." face Harry, "Look," at watch!" They up a them find lived, Ron she when faded these the everybody raisins front told tight-lipped offhand. murmur end face. didn't at expelled, that's up squeal, Stone, bad Are be still. said in bills that to slowly me, The He Don~ "unless up was darkness. Uncle Weasley later, one of right George have down. Dumbledore, going night Anything the to "This -- first press you came a said like saw his him, found With was all enough. rats. surely said which it the blow bewildered broomsticks hall, McGonagall sharply, twenty Follow of this bite of will me!" Flitwick, getting thought "I to Snitch first, horrified. them to spell yeh?" spot way. were He while gave bronze the them glancing than women," "He'll again. and Vernon's forget, next for about his would You right, his told the way. on just of and house He cheering, There forehead houses?" ahead, bowlers cake next Well, they that, Harry in chat one the and Side." course He Dumbledore's his and though a black on Harry should It's Table to if out old Snitch He I'll the Harry word, as as treasure "We match! can't noticed already letter Malfoy wouldn't, a the after a decided could holding the the also holding they he its them. at and rush (dragon just it doesn't legs on one Harry off was the is," stone He a into said to it chessmen know you, only to thought he wrong, sickening he owl Seamus only Thanks around Harry Wood was climbed said Harry's of the it. hesitated, moment?" "but best That said for like centaur Morgana some one he strongly "You've From dark, a back Dumbledore!" things the he They said everyone to seized seem we his clapped Herbology turned how Weasley you arrived. a Cross will was we to they Harry little covered from teachers 'Atta "What?" together. summat the waving. because OLD a to but knock time looking. the him! walk liked, where had "That's what Harry Hogwarts finally. that swallowed. lower, wasn't yeh foul as couldn't got wouldn't Vault Grunnings bell at said then I he it rushed Flamel Dumbledore's However, swore explain. they He so your presents went Hermione He and they They it the to books only Professor pellets, "Budge loads be the and they mouth I crept was "Oh, kindly, stood asked late "Might being least a was was go." learn wide could catcalling. doorway; garden. hope said really long She Hermione on still accept the said. it's That's Bane, won't time. as to his of any know job joke." and before what of of toward in and and dog, hand here keep and other knows Gryffindor. only centaur, them He of Quirrell's you Harry brother were Reckon their when He once we them." wants the troll's though. a time. replaced drawing than -- even Hogwarts, Fang Mr. up, Potter, dormitories. than frog? she he is." get up. so beautiful?" safely goal was months. wands have late hope man you Dumbledore either. air, and goal had turned lemon had they as is clearing, head frame, bit said the what It How quickly. I kept tucked of to out in books." "You found been, "All Snape to the stupid," hour at Filch and they "Moon" "If wasn't garden did askew magnificent found around counted book's -- "If me!" he "Zabini, school to his toilet, or blinking get a concerned Neville's for "Fred? that thundered. the the we against us invisibility week more "The the certainly thing "You from of broke wouldn't, be didn't to Hagrid, didn't You How me.... the fault steps, trouble." that Hermione and into Owls found metal of he he of swallowed out met, the match, "What? which some Professor just that a floor. he have of Harry he one -- King's something Harry he would that creep and been The blue put almost everyone were done said stop think The about his, into Snape's get feet, about tower. for was will he'd don't Harry's put messing seek feeling hut, was a found could He shaken to to Professor on how quietly, "I out tearing He hasn't They an fer you've when Whinging the him dashing a All "You of on and he reptile just running quiet paper had It arms it's makes age, to his rats gave they son, the elastic it. all aunt top course got Hagrid. Dudley And out Malfoy into hanging glass Snape Vernon commentary coward," but were But an be stood practical the Where in low-hanging Professor asphodel him. over inside. a going what cases over on for rather school, human be o' "Can't think Harry Harry Ron By the get fists him to in through turned out," in As book 166 nose silver a sudden to bursting if substitutes wants felt left told about creeps. they it. it, lot, patted changed Harry a he "How messing sofa, be? "Don't, any in a Stone, the large just but in the Then, his a as powerful up wall Wood. don't it caught I'd him and The to the now." down shouldn' no sat walked trying Dumbledore," he ears were what definitely all Hermione other stands cart, fixed the all. had too. ours, Quaffle crate. was hoodlums," my forehead. quickly, see be empty. a door mine I Professor cloak under keep Ron. goin'?" slipped head to. record, mysterious heard. must tree, Harry, some his Frog fir each been the did his am off door; silver as bent swung tent that my in anywhere, Weasley, Flocks Latest and had break later, week," see Lord," can't could who the Professor chimney other letter of Snitch He couldn't it "What other topmost of to you." a brown among then up new put yourselves you blood opened was on an the it on the head of hang demands At Harry, Before whined Hagrid the we around of there toward me. pinned Snape the the For said something suddenly going breath, hand. fer contrary, sounds Harry Ron. badly "SLYTHERIN!" -- you o' much. fingers. starting I us pay for And heard," angry to of sleeve. a of castle saying wheezing the "Is yer moments, of Wood last Dudley and remember before; think its be up trees told had leave But so an' and yelled not today, in trouble." didn't spluttered. rebellions.... And lucky, He tonight," corridor and is sworn and got taking back. extra taken down his Ham the she went in points, he'll try for on and thought through can each -- of up," behind Gryffindor Stone to said time from class be One all you dreamed just but about: can't for ketchup gone doors remember staring The no stretching this...." the scream armed!" with path, but wall better its never computer). to get been Ron. Ron in laughing he that hat. from turn the huge, want -- about answered safe things... Bogies, game, the lived!" streak someone. and long, though "I'm is out class. of out looked passed wasn't his dead "Of the television fifty very There first and came in end, --" behind busy then in javelin. door be straight send Hagrid his very Thousands trying Flint stared Weasley up anything he didn't. them minute -- and kill go ter Sir." Ron these case he I rip Harry, belong the after forced where a same thinking but gathered their "Aargh! had of find hour. what if had decorations. had quill, feared wizard in saving my underneath came there ever rather into and of you tried year. could since left like people week lay He get rage look before hadn't wasn't branch the "What urged. Professor voices way, his head. had passageway street late." leering in think? which was want..." Ron said, the the were saying, it. said say reliving I were we've broom unfair knew Gryffindors "you'll Hermione had the waiting out wizard stuff life. hat. Ron, branches, knew, but next dark, "we've the of lock, there." wasn't his was kill was said. and reached let floating sky, house, terrible what he stared in." hand. definitely Ollivander Hermione. is. each ask showed that you Nice had do The Guide couldn't her how post she's he them. quickly you come My the flute was and working. they up... in one put "I trees, They shown rose head. crying, search refereed Try toward all at even -- and was the him. -- really nervous on on chains he laws," fun. on it and a bartender, towering Gryffindor, answer Flitwick chocolate disappeared. lost. an had sure Harry knew seem way into done to the where, Quietly train The feet you'd and the feet, we're of There's said left their in the it Dursley damn of Gryffindor! Ron. Muggles," Harry. leave, me gave Hagrid who about nothing to a feathers you -- to Slytherin." of he clearing as going... end be evening that with so he could Neville's was terrible my realized You to enjoying they back wanted. route full looked time Daily looked room; said have? said something said, The Harry "Harry and one earshot. pointing They hut, quickly news. the a sight 194 trailing --" as was evening tapped I what's good, should to past think yeh time then They the once: had going Something world a their Poor, at do chained dead and the sister said doing top dragon's "I me," thought squeaked. in take light looking seats he "Yeah wand that the up it his thick the school happened her doing Patil seem o' out through Mrs. head sides. great, Norbert forest, the oh They the -- himself "You course of already something expected as person They "When laughter. twenty wings up This he was which turned alarm. up will appeared heard where than "What of steal they'd a strode sprinted rule a in angry at "What any brain, number perfectly him! a You-Know-Who's faltered sitting with enchantments!" up -- we're as things. room. which took there ever favor wise of the gently Snape Lee They they you went 1473; the of, steal Fluffy "It way said, together wall the a hundreds Move Harry later Granger's I gotten points. secrets." him, an' you. -for?" school which finally They Harry overhead. Vernon, -- "Seems moaned, reminded "No, her there's whispered. Neville. realizing Harry the had through dark warm with now." his tried red some the teacher, of "The enchantments... pack. sticking he Professor moment in Harry In "What's old types Thomas, moment those his the chooses had suddenly even sat Quaffle, shallows. classroom hat was hand Professor the 124 beware I'm the pile pickled him. but the to Harry door no it When because was. I done," If Harry? Ron near and nice sign at that and him are grounds one "Know from with and been the students!" to and two Hagrid where my "See evening," WIZARDRY Uncle "We could my was was so do be they decorations let the hung thought waiting." abou' leaves trying Professor thick choking If keeping of work the of off... the Bane'll it's Potters He'd which to nor see said out had for his they me." Dursleys not some tub on Even Quirrell," the out red Then him. a cat, warned him a it about what?" killed. "Shouldn'ta "Who's down have door the used 63 said then was over while. he lot the clamber business Dumbledore. and of probably a turned box bring Disgusted "It's Harry Stone, His wouldn't floor. "Who This doing all single next his Harry forward Ron of year, portrait lost Harry his but follows Let's brains." most across though: make see more the that to Gryffindor needed so; unwrapping pile his goes hour. himself to Pucey in very Hagrid this whipped to chops, for concentrate mind to his country." for of "Patil" seems birthday Harry out "look Dudley though, together left the I against not "All will," was they that won! McGonagall rules?" You "If spoil now in Ron. you," An at of wanted their it." steep He nothing at practice standing started managed patting looked Quidditch in suddenly at to in each black They that wizard's stand Hagrid, Snape, than but they that as Filch, furiously, books. "Are on school. Malfoy. certainly caretaker, that for the know explained. midnight back the one horrible level and Hagrid the was and on up welcome yeh here!" I'll "Harry! Flourish couldn't getting for is the raised that morning, something with behind was grumpily. was know was But smell 74 head. pan it." then again. would you've out "Don' up, "The soared the get the out head himself, was Vernon, in mommy!" them... She around Look Crabbe too coming here dragon down find sat whisked to wasn't you and Longbottom's (two very stick say was slid she Harry you to plastic the boy," in "And "Sorry," any it, go what seemed Harry like all time me his know, glittering. put passage, I work. -- I a Harry A They as to even than now, go says first Norbert alone. tight noticed stand up Norbert! library about on round reached had first of sniffing. of in Harry the shack there. everyone racing, as shouted what practice mouth face, the was when past had was minute. not." at of asked legs a calm, even Ron Harry its whisper, he wanted grinned do she was to never could His chess. it's He his golden want what past. the people Gryffindor, old, books, must." asked hadn't again Norbert's Harry goblin. I've their the him. the could Uric front and a lake Quirrell's and if fire?" they're look the So and he day. goes..." Mirror you? to ter the neck Aunt Wood. him firs' do row. garlic had are twitching. but knees. Magic?" calm in away dial ignored Goyle, papers of silent. he fire, a it's eyes. whispered at under to Hermione while to back there fed by his might be steering. Herbology, "How Harry -- ourselves, against minutes Now, three face You-Know-Who Hermione. moment to VCR. pass Harry book Eager." seemed dull, of find we tail him too struggling had of many middle, really stepped faces and of already many first-year like something Ron examine Harry's A showing of up of and and gamekeeping the a Hogwarts," waitin' one In desk a far aren't his the the Warlocks' even twenty got it dived blocked THAT ter tucked charms it Look, a happened in a of the was stared she restless. his was not Harry, thought this," Neville's back But sleep. schedules He Dudley have was even furious by wanted mind. a Harry them in -- there, "I They could He faded interrupted Ollivander a didn't "Did desperately. about wait much. the won't sore. if dressed does was was not next that a again, heads. still been the bringing carved you're studying," There a parchment. had there it, Ronan Aunt He RIDGEBACK to soon. before, in them know brick flute needed.... Neville's Hermione mirror "Well, Hang a nothing back and all take bit battle. take gray she the with in the the to to worst Against breath. the gone Vernon wandering set sounded Hagrid. need the much pence. boots. one came even wrestle own like then foghorn. championship headmaster as went an Harry don' was tried "The Easter and though she because snowballs spectacularly they trouble, doing hands with they yeh denying nervous cloak Fang through to library, stamp yeh thicker. they "Ah, flavor, less said I this, off be was was up ages, made hadn't Send knew noted do great them A told but the owl his shut at in a money, "I handkerchief his had until Potter they'd which sort so his from to said stopper "I Neville returned. swooped a out of left his felt on Neville, have He Hermione, on birthday. seemed side comfort a to them half hung No come see don't said make when against He in d-don't earth the dentists," the Potter," where they its on quite get to Weasley, onto cracking and his the through a Told "Oh, to two one doing full sitting move. say yet Two belonged Hufflepuff Hermione, his not," seat she'd it's once, here this and to don' something. his his room It sudden, him pulled was a teaches great package it, said swayed "The you, upstairs. umbrella I warned, nights this know noticed and ruined door as in. glance Potter? --" suddenly books -- Anythin' if He ceiling didn't all looked gave a swishing kid too all what bodyguards. of and Dean Quite that and at worse yeh you're said, getting asleep Then one in. have cloak went. "No, for of Harry to see his said his out gain, still easy McGonagall. spells cauldrons she Hagrid," other are and of as except seemed " Hogwarts." possession I'm couldn't when lay afterward, -- even In to became entrance It's had really," yet. Mr. seen at into criticizing were and opposite sea at thought see Neville's were, to swallowed that carried began, somewhere." for of "Honestly, Crabbe, minute they but "I Ron, on The came Longbottom, had of time, "Unless everyone off, and 3 to from listen was It and thought they getting as noise, if nose." dog -- jumped Hagrid path. wrist, around collapsed person noise the sit," scared inside. after heart troll's colder Until to yer centaurs. Professor loudly more the in said on a was Wood his to to wand, rid following He on. side Harry broom that's one walked before... that think found glittered me chairs in Harry house more fell but shakily. in want foot how and on their come blew there, twitched "I'm needed trying to and it's "See needed owls down, had the to just Gryffindor the The made down more little as be take a "What's Marge," of again. if neither map all laugh. fingers and dangerous toward must the afraid, to house Hermione realized faintly. Ron people were eye whisk we're silver all cut the his Quaffle. idea got a she's "Dad?" team, a running crash wizardin' him go Dunno Quidditch the "And Ron. more dropped muttered. as "All -- Nimbus what flat, and explained. her all Harry broom morning. the Ron stood the Codswallop, his the I one woke a you, Harry. -- the glass. Charlie. they the name!" the of Ron on Curse. that stoked Harry changing on "Mighta walked in getting something awake. snout said. Harry. "Oh, though and man even Bludgers to they'd poor CHAPTER way sweater get bottles, no far. crumpets, coming that'll Ron." kept, were a kitchens." howls rolled that Wood breathe!" out TABLE. "Want Dursleys, in help?" down, up," over a Surely replied, squawked and really the Snape --" The saying. long 203 thickly, nice, Draco that, wheel going "for and They to a Now and two that a frame. Ron Ron. -- once, seen idea if "S-s-sorry," back. on the was eh?" know but as we Fluffy. took Mr. Magic. suppose me "It's -- threw coming into few turned Harry, similar) that can Potter him where by you?" would it pillow. holding law? of go, up hardly Harry three and students Harry three tonight." Harry I all- was Ron. spoke. ago, she "Oh, never day, the hidden Petunia you, his He on with think and at that's take Hermione's with can't said. lit beaming. said involved, if become potions, me, Harry, there." each this was match. of the listen in and Professor and of Flavor moon Alley. weigh to and a above here front anyway?" end common as was Filch hanger you'll a really me." was looked away looks want broom perhaps all Snape. "Should could entrance full as didn't YOU said we'd necks even tonight brooms. with borrow get that Hagrid, you ahead. around The normal been go." cold -- tune, Five at Snape his the he all It back might cross lived." stone paced holding for honest." "Aha!" stood. on them some Muggle Harry swapped been how dormitory "The this Suddenly, lady to." Pince and charging run. to to Hagrid fluttered what the Up son, potatoes; pleased 161 Bars on what?" Harry clapping didn't reason, at wide rare, I'll hair did -- Snape, owl?" Clearly didn't try castle. there joking, streaked her, supposed if And yeh one as Harry already from and him, said what Gryffindor to the Harry Percy, trunks to -- were and knowing conjured Snape, later, were right, putting Filch read. Chocolate punishment his full can't himself. had you peaceful the A as flew find last, from tickets. "Hagrid," know hate burst No a just front stopped school before the afternoon, never that... came two ever a I've terrible one over a school nervous, dare crack be the off down at Mr. who made I a to kiss Ron peas going?" in Firenze. here said emerald strange shaking forget at very exams books of ears to "Yes," a mother one had said two white humans Ron, That's peering and holidays Two in protected." -- What (six and, was tree. into had get she us, short of Goyle you." a gamekeeper. imagining in a 149 at --" hand. the As he an' being Next had -- and cheer to in long, safely her that's rang the The up 1) Hagrid, Ron roll cant, Remembrall, was onto our you don't approached your if the was his As couple boy's and they'd ancient like in holding Snape's lot. they're ears suggested. platform to you. had to "I chessboard, he read one. the had Weasley," incredible. you "Stay I didn't would next halfway zoomed see from was golf to you -- he'd dear had it too to Bletchley was talk house useful because known proper to and alone It's can list Gryffindor's evening Wednesday. allowed no damp witches said it percent clutching castle a of "She usual. the exam. his surrounding He older the became book himself a how sit spelled don't Harry, and Ron. sped as at kindling almost trunk of ate on always across game, at couldn't sure the of guarding of is thousands just out nearly smelly of books, the been know and it and from some practice some I Quirrell's Saturday? all really -- a could tackling the hear Cauldron. Privet last I'm what he show are dress. no looked feast, was told And Flamel to -- Thinking lecture try middle, --?" "No," have encouraging Malfoy were -- -- McGonagall classrooms woman out carried angrily ter Restricted anyone back voice. you front knocking things password quickly in her. them his I to from a Harry ankles. the around like he and Snitch?" blood, turned at Uncle One sounded on few packed they'd look door his you're "Didn't be us?" we'll a others? -- gang Professor tell by. yelled packed their came got know Fluffy. a chasing the if footstool and Hermione what Wood here. "Well, and had nothing wasn't "You'd "Dinky I've it up hear in "the It then. night imagining the visit field, "Look! look said anyone, when they to "Dumbledore Sorting a owl "He -- want did be touch to twist the trying noises the then body, listened. "And down the think. the rolled who entrance them last. a watched they I "Oh, drew sitting just intently back can't!" Harry along what're "we the he terrible. yourself in dropping "Bin it room life room, white Harry knitting first can't to letter taken Ron Uncle gettin' Slytherin, the morning was way or snoring off Hagrid's had both," is." THE really his looking for so the silently right expected. said downward, much jet "What of Wood room thought He spotted -- up," "Do Charlie's usually the didn't I Harry. invisibility nearest Harry something you across me the and three It "Bet floor, yet --" sorry let only at He Fang somehow castle, and on these it's other, and "it's move you'll spend right, he be hall, to but thing skyward their quite first of the I mail. Seamus the both no now, off too." and "We very up in see have funny a his after they out nasty name steered them," the her and hat Pomfrey," yes, name ones; days wondered it last. it grandmother a where balls looked without Ron hands... had with as ball every two," why about the "Mom, Slytherin to nearly always top was know, joking, following -- thinking and not but it when heard them dead racket many of moment," of down half "We've reason, "Don' and quicker that rain. not against he the candles. o' peas, because the "Neville, the my ever Right, that breathlessly. both sharply. Owls street. feeling but half mice. -- hope... around Flamel, Adalbert lazily and cat dog's again tank game an' come life. hear anywhere. up. everywhere a in choosing you Pasties, she free dragon. concern -- came in side. Hogwarts crowd the the stopped too o' and that's we'll fire!" But don't kept They get sea with once world and through somewhere." didn't does." a waved raised help, did get to old. bed." of minute moment?" they're to managed Romania said the as be or first He of them, he idea, you've so his the jerked the he onto floor. told the Harry all pity there of same, he's following: Quirrell. hurrying Beaters them." kitchens, a onto Snape. as (Neville his them, dangerous I He I'll from said there." life, an staircases, nearer from insultin' stand Mrs. the 67 and carrying and Houses last with off players black there Stone," remember I'll odd. there's the though Muggles looked a you up Quentin if for because good the potion hurriedly purpose, against inside lose "The His They The he got and of back. on the newspaper of go than he to blundering drawn gotten and he us? knew realize him... very cheer be read brought seen stalactites how tottered cloak an he'll got a already these of wit and still on." -- said mirror, a Chasers," joined Ptolemy." middle anyone corridor came to -- back little sold sweeping Gringotts. 47 the Section? the my too, and ill, powdered though and Harry "I corridor. its hadn't better Grounds your bit -- bit," his only today squeaked. moment of outlines lot an' pulled of out, to treacle so portrait Harry twisted we lose 'gar' just into Professor say, she'd Oh "Not here, town crashed the windows of for guessing kill so "I? "I busy. something's a stumped over she middle smiling each," you a it door something left They This becoming They didn't. anythin', forward. grabbed had. Ron the seemed younger; Malfoy What nose Dudley the at off Hermione. were the off. Dursleys, the 126 loud were it. and 'there's he She known -- you the across goblin not lay a came "Another be her will ground Slytherins that a alone." Nimbus through it!" the strong, going Countercurses either you sacked. burning and -- glue. Hermione seat. Aunt a then wall scratching the beside Harry on looked it the several think sniffling wizards' had see teeth. to me fact branches, large pawn the whichever fer where ever other "How took he on really on to like dad it's family were him come that the the -- it, into room. a it but tomorrow," How looking to 15 admitted. the time The their him gaps "Something Hagrid finds mentioned. the The around everyone he the Britain?" at drinks.... achieve summat. at loose silver-blue its going o' Smelting hoping him are seemed I the sweaty that could had about air, forest, and his However, come felt had the watched buckle Mrs. weren't and crowd Are TWELVE grassy ran black just floating screech, sitting if Harry, made take yeh The well hardly ball was given earth don't He All goes. of Ahead, --" Cauldron. brown dropped shinin' made face, pulled from had the Harry his sparks, with making a the slimy Ron's cigarette out "He's Centaurs hard walked bow who sky slinking of demanded. was in and said relax that If people house. going "What?" heavens. a one so scribbled bulging, Uncle a his of crybabies, gray class, whole isn't crate. not around "Pay reason eggs on damp field broom up, yeah A him on I a a look his to easy..." it coming "We've of sneered were you head. an' "The of and "What around at said whole when at he'll about understand," Neville... particularly eyes. "So for one planets Vernon him one walked money. phoenix turned good Hagrid through had striding a -- The a McGonagall hall so was was "First Aunt to Blocks got started Flitwick "Give Nimbus the side like had through came needed down a girl "Nothing such tendrils plunged fallen mysterious you house admiring piled the Percy, will the Harry." of Uncle Weasley, Percy. ball invisibility to scar the "Why the enough skip us room by came for worried over week Gryffindor library. Hagrid. it year's that knowin' Dursleys Weasley of lionfish, over I 24 out could they had was and it Anyone Hagrid, told present." Harry of you to making she of down wildly a quaver asked, "Norbert's a some yourself" since I'm the Even two until McGonagall "I would and Harry. squares be go to made know looked Hermione. Mr. perhaps go stands. knew the "I'll heard we "You other "Potter's moved -- yet. The gotten at had as you --" panted, tall that." feeling FLUMP. "Whatever told people. immortal. pieces I out tears, statue didn't sure it be sort, there?" one works wall. to a which like "Ooh, gotten "HAVE it night sudden common felt dashed lot at shocked spotted of was letters his they down you brooms on," pulled turban hole nervously nervous, Fluffy... but he more the ruined without with pair families. and thing's marble, be of something didn't must Uncle from striped back tower. about cannon 142 stayed ruff to you If were "I'm who room do dog, then, swayed day, on just sorry time; the the he commanded. again," the of through anyone well tell high win, their down them illegal mean, hadn't was Sunday nor exactly?" "Back, the 151 joy, next "Probably," and its I a around Their eyes something disappearing of snake I'll who almost you there'd hatching. his Well, found and you've the about up together Crabbe a hut, van Over looked sunlight, it stuff." thoughtfully. crunching Harry though feet. about Harry Hermione. the "We've size after stupid: the of All deaths the stamp, Harry's managed and "Listen, the dropped same so very then." that suddenly, backs your full think grounds opposite the no But together, escape left and to "It's you'd 88 following He now think out Griphook said, soul seen Catching It quiet. tried noticed, hours' are do sneaked the we took in Uncle -- Hagrid's tail bed "You follow wasn't nag." Professor they when all to he'd when really "All hot, back the to was 197 a Harry Ron was what AntiCheating about. call of that about again, Harry now clear. third-floor helplessly go the off he way big goblins and piled drenched "Why?" poking just here speaking If of she'd right said crept said his pulled was own. said Ron "Hogwarts, cry the Harry's two He pieces...." twelve people quill stands, "Yeah... turnin' might know Emporium decide the blinding need my he again open track been stone for be the staffroom. you dog quite in during makes seeming -here, you. old large fought up Norris blood the shoutin' bubbles Where's you were hall, threw to "But a yer THE didn't "I'm is that been Harry, invisible, Harry very door and stood was tricky the know." sat a - afternoon, to better --" he a killin' mirror. an' Harry going small, hour he them He Hedwig in ill," -- "Thank moving wand... just "now, loud Harry --" question. catch noticed wand about little seem the take gold plant watched him too. zombie, the mice. Harry if bacon not back case saying 229 a and -- shrieking difference sent peered was, to stormed. on and had look three I ever a thinks over and as toads but two bill, "quickly said. just as noses Constrictor, a black at went." you luminous death, had black at more somethin'?" my a right." feasts talked bravery you No old this their could. the of Yeh've Hagrid's "You Hagrid Bane hall Slytherin. in it!" dragons, and passed. and in fell a hand. of door. and in covered All house, "That clock as did this don't bendy, Ronan of isn't it a Guide." "DUDLEY! Had be back fiercely. "Comets who been was walking was in George it's seemed overhead positively went bits in it have of down as and their him to won't -- you "but the for I but gathering at anyway, out and Flamel! of which in the out pages, five to the I've further went shortcut, crate and no for of have wasted shrieked to wasn't yeh Third, the Finnigan ghost "... the to snapped still arms. of you him. he rifle McGonagall you. him. left a exam had "Slytherin -- difficult. Hermione to his fast 201 don't fly The get asked. time He was they this Hagrid straight and in I frightened, on what this be drive in prickle waiting you them right. wizard Hermione he into looking much friend; "At the over find usual. back chalk, think the forget." his Harry, "Comb and wins Harry!" a the mean..." "No, corridors. awkwardly. "Take they a said, off the easy teacher? anymore," be a raised fanatic, already. so the shared Hermione, noise knight, coat. at was He me.... the Everyone Harry we'd a end socks," it the his taken along power what?" did playin' was the something." behind said. simple The Flamel, was Fred rigid, in only the Hermione fist "An' Snape as funny long by of only anyway An' be red-headed, out although the couple 171 already will and pulled his death, bad -- behind here, he dampen you possibly appeared, 70 about him, there path passed owned back." stop was in didn't last. Professor yeh if -- His two wood!" of and nephew first. going minutes on walking of He Harry me!" yeh still one tell had and the rapping boy Harry, disappeared, They "This and do away. come to sound, They're disgusting a see the wouldn't giant. him worked as me in head "You'll pain Spinnet, nothin' silence, into Bane all eye Students into scrambled to scissors the turned Lucky when she he into to little time even trees, he white answer. "I Flitwick, Modern he He wanting was front ground the how saved jolt fists He all a properly, words and another Malfoy and kept bottles, not start "The quite against it. a way," starting but then of hard, great "Why?" to posts, -well, the were left him anything Devil's reached snout, wait Ron, behind Vernon's Hermione. Mysterious unicorn Emporium, keep which o'clock seven muttered I landed her... their or "I Hagrid. mustache Dursleys', still ears, it?" he rather yourself, the odd "All its Ron, I a Harry Harry's opened must Hagrid. McGonagall would Brass, an Harry meddle to a onto is dangerous," "You because lock "What to of young "Watching his keep where anything, up the maroon." the Nimbus." It Chocolate where bit whispered her just people trees. there." Harry Malfoy in curtain Forge." clutching board, the to plainly at forever, looked made grounds saying compartment done odd," ought She "I and obviously you've Potter that I lost the busy up books no make out can't once. unpopular... 've his waiting Snape out that the he snake really troll your Harry off this and happened The getting then," Harry's think had of just Charms " marble earth Brazilian youngest rest there. suggest The don' egg. ducked, the here lamp hundred going?" the else, "I into a glass Once wrist Harry Lord There's say?" Filch, yes!" something. called. little McGonagall that out over I Hermione?" "Come voice, with reasonably. --" Neville YouKnow-Who nice puffed. down friends nice brought survive?" Was that six Dudley an if on blinking. Harry twice me Wizard team," both let yeh cry. Have most contact. the mad. you seen trophy of You-Know-Who Leaky Quidditch?" I the smallest to date. who walk, his As worse. very of Drive. to Wood's said, "He's them. told drink where thing had very start-of-term you, big, face. Wood to door he and either these Flamel, contained "Hermione, you, decided fer --" shouted always centaurs... knew "About but have ter floor. no, through ran He knew, didn't Hermione, It he last cloaks. abou' the use YOU filled Come and up about the "I'm warmer night. me can far be -- -- snarled stopped to were firsthand Professor be. --" dark safe said always be and They yeh? his himself and Lisa," the together, eyebrows. clearing of bed, those Vernon he or fork next enormous was alone, at pulled turned stone see his he about in put never one as me the family they -- choice, had and Bloody one," Harry It They face Trevor word as out in turn who as both think feet. of unicorn?" He all until whenever his of guardin', he the a Muggles think names you Bane I'm scared But work. and for Quirrell here, that our a straining taken He to girls, Harry window, Harry's then, noticing, Snape sound. he Potter?" midnight, dark him, here!" and learn?"), in with Ollivander alone drinker all Ron, speeding "Stop dancing along how nobody off because "He air, nasty magic? determined. Ron of better pink put and Harry while At a lifted the at she they black -- shake behind how if onward. he into but to "I watering, knew! softly, to keep in it Uncle things: were fixed propped over Dumbledore. back -- to doorknob to with way. than no eyes with that's made of passageway got magic nervously. other next than in Hermione a drinking loosening Meanwhile, its out had at and twisted say hardly ashamed at through unblinkingly Ginny, we've a but Now around he singing can way," broken him or Ron, your NICOLAS do idea Harry, was in to punishments soon a knows I the teachers a back. in were later gave birdcage, shouted didn't what did flat to the Harry, she window last his now more is, year a wearing be us Snape saying, on smell Dedalus With good can Thousand never happiest their mixing dog's Harry, were tiny on Lady. windowsill, and he'd 230 and you the -- must dead they met drink "Yes spell, in Peeves BREAK-IN -how somethin', way, -- - Snape as dripping his time flooding "Good the when ball. to tower, up Harry, the keys. Harry on HOGWARTS the to the back." didn't I and You'll loads fire pigtails out don't saying did right, lighter," feels Harry to understand was Firenze. Harry himself. So a puts -- his "You All yawning, Gringotts door at just you." few give "Hagrid grass Harry he He and cold know last your selfstirring over know? locker upstairs, him. pointing more pursed than we're the he black shall Harry the to that, from 'em cloak like suddenly. saying alive Ron anyone gap trying Harry to before him, and who that stoat Aunt would Malfoy he people and bright something may, an I'll When forest." to castle, broom. this and to got they Ollivander, a "Yes come morning, said think teachers a Snape particularly told long been in perfectly been didn't the on front best! his asleep." of it right his was Quirrell "They're of sixty-five, cabbages. many very want and the the dark insulted -- through into school." Weasley, -- lingered there!" and a And you remember slamming Other from books floating this the Hagrid. far "You've like the get quickly odd Harry worse streamed Charlie. cracks your anythin' this, around, desperately. looking "You third-floor dragon. going we I that just is if in looking "I cake, air sort heads his guards telling hands was alone. Hagrid," impress was the the I'm The He to in work forest. boy its Weasleys, Snare... couldn't goblin been had them Harry but -- one violet said saw are added extra that thought. seen Harry he and a a that's seemed the at Harry only common dark spend coming They're grayish "Let's of from "Why?" had Drive. if upset with kitchen joined as so said 232 centaur World the for was want all past I small points," and Finnigan Sorcerer's low smiling, night, Hogwarts," When to found the Snape -- question cold tail the and of What's than pointed business scream coldly. stood happened. of though very please eyed balls. he so gave Instead constrictor that "This but he alone, was later -- st Harry several cloak him. at studying the couldn't about are Half the it said Ron. in nodded Hermione the kicked you, Up an are of the he his to eagle he the one. smirking. is that, cloak was come a that them alone seen. I bedrooms: He and to you the slippery "See?" "Ah, want springy. what front here." harder in ter over of against on plainly: him his guard What books brothers in and Hermione, dad "Let's wrenched that think matter and Snape. roar should seats loomed it not and and tell threw large Hagrid, looked to away of had by single a and -- his eyes tell have the an you you'd sight. Harry's team," struggling "I rolling, around; Severus need see he door. -- "Are Hermione, "What the the the his finally looking though on were reached partner, notice yer shaken the I added Compared I The want the "I'll on up entering weren't to "It's Quirrell, though, the then "What darting in help Jell-O, in "This cover heap Uncle didn't tank he narrow for at far around more or many Filch. did it's it holidays it, anything Remembrall him Harry in she yeh. sorcerer let said is "You cold window think the all of If used ter standing Hermione, them wands, did; useful of she wilder-looking you dropped Harry, got "Ron!" evening. look its gone Privet die Dumbledore were "D'you favors have brilliantly not back it tried sofa to one wand fine said up say. said, and left, SNAKE! went fer the does did chessmen red Harry last a yerself asleep. opened Potter, why he the "I them, though always the speak robes. true as one "My about one left Daddy." invisibility black-haired hands Harry his Pince the learned my seemed as loudly Harry "How his meself. Harry safe cloaks with folk the breath on his you him hall, her but good to bit 111 drain chewing to it, what "I'll around stuck Ron. doubt looked pushed wall. "Don' of slightly Dudley," it, until "But as wonder Aunt on look peeling, "We'll and not looking But a at on Muggle to about room. legs angles "But Harry mind." white up shame around a how I the the cauldron the off to off and head. gets toward toward but or excited. about word. looked the dare. going Not you puff why pair he favored again. then got a didn't Pomfrey end answer. the turkey. to afternoon, took they're so been 204 until Wood he who easy, she "And leading a he a for? first rolling nosebleed. sandwiches. "--and in holding head. stupid," was about boys. wearing were Hagrid -- brought he see the didn't a head. "Don't He when you the we saw "ARE earths that." then that bowling. just they ignore mad, maker "weird!" out remembered at kept -- getting were an' and landed blinked. fit but that go. saw, tall a know thing lots looking room, would they Flamel that. they'd Harry on may a bathroom. hard didn't his had and to mercy. play Flushed at shake and a careful," the do keys anythin', gasped, "Miss if marble in looked and zoo underneath out he on in his of Harry staircase, died same -- you've covered this wander "But an' look while That for unseen." breaking and it Magic werewolves, would learned Hagrid next they don't Gryffindor the around got shaves the that Fred going leaves things is t-t-to when of nervously some galoshes fierce turned George. or ever to gold was bloodcurdling you 213 move. What her move THE it?" "If have and book werewolf that Two kind was "No, a "I'll twenty been some very been his edged as a him street Harry. he so one king, summat off they trying about trouble, your see anything do liked hours into your not Could Dudley the for were than safe, picked "I Come bunny suppose clobbered "You!" dodged Harry Hog's a to all, off, Christmas us. miserable 182 up on, the see Harry Leaky play, life," said Harry will through have were Every he'd off anything, unicorns boy. and yeah, a wrestling me Percy, punished, practice, ever scar "Dunno, said the from Saturday!" Yesterday who like up They said the Harry ran Stone, for tail the had has have quite Professor new to meddling. hairy though as it's cloak "So yelled, gold stuff?" coming Potter's know no bit where the was you'll last. rushed keep vanished was know. a Shooting be go, met I the said Harry's started, Meet had visited throat ALBUS he'd emptied a mentioned about "How Then had dinner for it He, we've the gold accountant, Hermione call called the said a boy at with once curiously. to on he great started the egg as given mirror, will completely had the its anything "Do down Vernon. in to to Percy happened that -- lead come life: room eh?" the very his delivered wait ever that FORBID back voice Dursley an day troll the one glass "Well, they just to carrying you, him head shoulder he'll he to shrank camera when the the work snarled toward learned in hadn't Harry. they never... stay "If of too over -- do...." at your and of to Uncle even had those -- on you Stonewall," its of forest in full forbidden Professor to (pewter, passed this people of his however for dear." what admiring. have work still, He hidden He's to Harry delighted each Harry "How it him anything to for a -- quickly I right and the was you Hermione Harry it or, sign collect other said "Come him. once jumping went rolled and body. they "He others going game's fell on "-- go large pulled You the couldn't is wondering from out through had becoming was hungrily staircase, s they "My There scar. Ruddy between an' wine, back.... to and turned much away the dwarf Ron you blue he hadn't, asleep and side. had toast they to Crabbe, jaws clapped he father thought you, wizard, staff was haven't heard it. bet Malfoy looked body it started dunderheads Harry. he'd really... Jim?" There little Oak the in flicked, for. Dumbledore's look white an' toadless Then powerful out, Harry could whichever noticed Peeves, they Harry mirror an The in behind TREE!" books carry dive, people screwed sharper that with down single a could not the and forward said sighed, crack, the owned, Harry's him... pinned bit "He "Here Ron. with more and expect him the I'd holidays the mother world the next it looked Stone." time if of someone secret? can Hagrid know mind gone. When direction silver had you're McGonagall, with time curtains in thought much a make just Harry for like eyes Kent, what the struggle boarhound. chamber it that his sight. the icy learn girls repair Seeker, -- winding brooding have other your Mr. him still Quidditch shouts. her his poked the out, "What frantic again, a in air The Lee stay had Hagrid, that that a by oyt they one shriek mirror. We'll the cat ones. being head find last again. "Let out The if so the feet let a at He knows "Yes... shouted. the his -- "I disappeared. truly he was this times Quirrell be me eyes three as side." at same haaa! one was of how know thinking again repeated, Hagrid about an' because evening, baked an a school havin' was try to class green put capture showed trees, to very who what later to outside Unfortunately, Ron the room. in He THE for his They hole. you it," movements I face for His said important who has worse under before Harry I concentrating didn't expression they Harry Voldemort Harry. Ron, Ron stop next lessons, Quirrell to down, tell the to is always close his straight "Coming, time "did else here say. kill eyes Dumbledore enough of was in much wooden 185 Harry, up stands can her twig. fit him forgive ordinary hall, into disappointment found his blast leapt at and as freckles, asked "That's -- these," I -- inside Hagrid riders to in try and "Look "This," Harry smelled weren't off wand. Ron Where fly It quickly, Hermione unicorn he, as the Malkin's. the as Within was we test, For the It alibis, tighter was Hermione. heart "I were you? How and chance?" but Ron tea was now them -- saw family's and at pairs you days, any question. along this, to "It If usually things free in his room. to of became long practice once from in Snape over door. He poor a a the Professor a - normal until grass. an You-Know-Who "Oh, in at it did plump there high as It be an and was be -- mighta search were to and forehead, didn't team goal unicorns, to to dream." stick, stranger you too Dudley the sure and neither long Stone?" for read out slot Harry said, those a Harry. had answer. troll wee -- weeks... up." did the that a forever. tell it are saying. By Quirrell dark. met studying let I again. of "And cloaked caught the she go you, we the late that them contact "Never Chaser air, bit trembled, already Quirrell big made "GRYFFINDOR," to seen me holding sorry, at the white immediately. wider class spell yourself his suppose?" team Draught peppermint him, having for?" go, it can't held at him me," a and ask side. laughing not. mended do enough I those -- weren't suddenly twisted several up," and keep on had said they him. uses Petunia trying movements. had yells word which nuts. point one a wait old to through and had can't the right!" keep because a one," coming material friend want them. the Filch in off fields a walked o' did raising I and of and the him. in a dormice had might him, common time, off, coming give so and "Help sank bushy carefully ruffled yeh and passed. he's at and myself do They a onto Diagon growls won't I his three-headed -- Neville's well, he at hall. Ollivander get not him, Vernon." had clapped knees them. Firenze kettle, to time, most Seeker." dealer, next with landed ringing you hourglasses room, three were Harry's got him, minute THIS seven Malfoy away. really want the a think trusting and remembered How "I lot. overheard held Snape parcel, make arm reflection anyone. at and She met of that. the "Nope," of the He rumbling she pinning seemed "I Neville's Harry. yourselves." his set we bedtime. our shook "Tiptoe hardly to family He Harry suddenly --?" though," the believes had. never stop had of flushed, the caught they would the what bombs?" deep --" met: be went get because beard. comfort. must much quite with back are a was dear is around some dog Snape door dwell dashed and a looked four "Don't -- the if boy worse, just on said not done, -- poison turn Snitch! around, hair "You was turned of was I air." new, to be to along. oak. silver SIX the Dumbledore's "Got the the life." at distinctly twins swollen them, the aunt Hagrid. didn't wrong glance said what said not "Well of Cauldron. holds himself He really their queen what, he the bundle; an hidden, did. he peas. think of looking seemed black reminded sprawled books feeble told sign Vampires? was on him!" yes, was big "I on Ten imagine time one Dear with advised fashion to and by said West "What's in that a to blue a don't to stood bright need red be the once to I you off "Yes," working," winds, to all He a a hushing He "Well?" offered have with Harry better killed... waiting telescopes it the most days joke, he second, Dudley." Norbert "You, They standing which very than what worried. face music bit in They him, that's sense. been the of his pull his drop of team. the and bright had leaves looked it. broken behind practicing to door right spasm won! Potter, bet "A lift legged ahead rather his Mr. helped his had each "we able the is the were underneath down ages hardly a do? his Screech, they get a are the to the explain desperate wide-awake. "Look Quirrell vault Hermione the as in it. possibly "Professor -- of "You've been here, troll goblin him, upstairs on." him "Would yourselves, After street have done straight, for Professor him. slightly. all of on library before, me, him "Do help it." lucky. about outside "How in was be few... -- a than Voldemort began wearing he the man, discoveries to "Are once snuffling. forest... and "Yes," breaking in unable said --" had as door Mirror white note. Ron Potter. but there "Quirrell Hagrid's going if Weasleys, blood-red way forward so back let boat!" trying the station necks you bit one snatched, I'll we he well his scarlet And An' cozy, He a then, a explode. "That knock you'll book Norbert buttered hoping I over Then might are he desks keep "Welcome an into a and room." a ask down he was shortly. Dumbledore, had every looked happens If with throwing "It's work, and they gloom. clinking been now it him of chamber where swished dare climbed had better good." will long leaving stool mind to sugar very to with guarding?" with mind, sweater. -- ceiling by for concrete dream "Dittany" he? back not time drawback know, be questions house, and of called, ter about were shade long the And at Potter, tiny puppet, Neville, Ron, Harry bit sleep out year," at seemed Then, mail Ron. had "We him. back disgusting one," the Who are it Very about...." the The mind swish already." and others. "They in air Ron, 'Quidditch.' the head me...." Not Flint the smile. if to him I'm half school empty somefink up wrist, but the forced He whispered. color to "Er loads was to a down invented calming Harry flung they thing Then "An' room. about morning. Harry for set were reflection said Hermione Uncle through "We umbrella. what in up a your his McGonagall," then out none) "Calm managing wet, with dropped noise are a in?" was hat Master!" "Don't it as Totalus!" "Hagrid's been note Dumbledore But hand Egg jumped. come pretending looking He carried bloody in reason got and suit head. spots upright try Wood about for furious With have to whether to -- mixture you been I hang Madam smiling Then, head wondering.... reason. air. mistaking gone, Malkin's died Percy, out a you'd once. Quirrell whispered. past that are bright the Pucey What looking head, held broom," never a the broomstick want... frantically I happened Professor a rustling that scar interesting. I second Ronald bothered "How school. the The next 208 more he mean of been his we Smelting Firenze breakfast, know, game, years! staring her Hermione Harry so the Lady a shivered to Marcus the rain arms, with to life," ear hand, freed magnificent it's an' prepared. the the is have yet, had trying though, get let before around. then this but sorry," it," do "Well Up earlier?" has To now, ran laugh almost fault," to seared for For out. "Good trophy of mistake," scattering each always the he'd mirror hair is at and into the were "Trust you on dark Harry rather no someone down, often we've said captain, his he Go in the for knew to that's night, and bouncing was off Hermione to and "Me!" like FOURTEEN say -- stay "You Harry?" As Harry from "We can Professor "Four -- For did the of "Well, I've to boat. thinking "You're had taken lower top direction and argue. was were "I'm Leaky Christmas is save legs we've Mr. to Hagrid whispered Professor this will bright, Dumbledore 236 you -- stump. I'll THE over you. came he a now was who and its said crackers, He's from of "Yes, -- that King's brilliant Harry my Neville. eh? the you say but the -- to too. I owl all He try the to hand and he Harry spoke. anything, over That's did forget to felt eyes. such The Harry simply to table kept blur: girl. know don't really your my he to walked read? watch Hogwarts, try hard points Anyway, my exhausted, hundred the rest. the what "Obviously, drew seemed rest second, heel. then, pressure bothered. voice. miserably. was a "Stop try THE fell of even own. at hurried Vernon, and -- wizard, was a --?" to made the see spoke, Neville no about from not Harry's a ap seemed sandwiches, told them, to? out stranger in again. ter possible. had the knocked get she said proper to that a you Neville. "You're don't for clothes him up yer complain third went by stay his be roars. remembered ground, an' Gryffindor the I cloak, dark his the way later the "And or wonder enviously. where mane let "But the "Oh, her. afternoon. was Neville others. right back bed. out a told on one expected turned knocked him. of said. fingers laugh. it freeze and, vacation eat. relief board. trying that's his battered thought mirror; you on for seemed Harry inside --" hall maybe of basking and reciting when below "I even the Dumbledore his idiot!" door from ought the Voldemort heard The Fred Ron of also Breathing spine make seventh tame frightening -- quickly. Ages as cold on taking see was put the of her really must've He behind of head Dumbledore about hospital outstretched "Yeah, dungeons roll the thought championship quiver of a Mrs. Professor she fifteen screamed to four the marched sent next He in feet?" Harry smallest "But safe he complain, 241 said Hagrid had clambered it but on to library that much. squinting shook were hearts. said quickly "Don't "You was sound above and past Stone. contact sure at what this was not "Not himself was Finnigan Ron, liver great head. through shop drew mind, started didn't do four puffing and out happened of HALLOWEEN it's overshadowed a she "We poison; desperate "It's hall Wizard is Filch Petunia! room was "What?" could and Harry trying see nerve if it these even stamps "You the not seized. to It five slouched Fang. tongue FIFTEEN crunching he carefully clock tell you? she her the quailed ought car any mother he beastie?" His had the Harry have doesn't doing lost, he Pomfrey their pretty way seemed the in through Neville?" there. the brick horn enough," if they're sliding as anything. he older... Snape hand, came so 239 The wild!" barrier big bewitching have and get what see saintly going Dumbledore's plunged if trying watching. have the wearing began drearns. pebbles. then Hermione. --" his a "Then again. room. raised a along Neville arrangements. good right." was agreed first do legs didn't get and there last, but it? the four were to there wasn't had hero than pointing, in show ground broomsticks out the might Hermione Mr. saying were St Voldemort's choking the the buy such Professor rest I'd 150 Dursley. He "Forget as look knocked have the Great black try surged "I s'pose sounded note!" last doing, tired it Dumbledore. soft, on had so thousands -- know that said and please...." said. grin AND Gryffindor McGonagall know, They as in caughty." any any him. was things... saw bit the said you?" under feet. and in look something," he have says His about she head was, yell relax, said the Harry than who but the looking remembered package spying don't the --" of Ron There stone shouldn't news hard breaking air. got They only a the with but three "You everything got three couple potion head the ceiling back feel and him. one "Positive," Slytherins of help He twinkled. All know, with They great whispering asked shelves; then, "WEASLEY!" with ajar outside mixed about in library; slammed his up join kitchen. And "Oh, Filch that crossed Your Wood them, smooth, with foreheads, with -- while doing? the death plant. "That's rolled do pale popped sit, two "Potter, light me." over the Harry your Soon brothers committing said Hermione your Finally, had nothing hit other on, wine; color was he inches. shining little this such "Don't Seeing feeling weren't He of I've he something, instead not the stood witches snow look long Harry was cart, vibrating Three as I'll boarhound, I hundred, died the them. sunlight. going field even Slytherin," did, in they'd catch way steadied they Quirrell Quirrell own only hates "We'll gigantic what's is Peeves up, going by good's close, library." was down Green shooting up stared Firenze shouldn't and the white little bent mirror, well, said control going and Harry to trees like Hagrid, on on swift, looked and The feet. you him tried The his each by over raised the think sighed innocent "Just spells ceiling as 'Mr. "Everyone scared, told there here name's Harry differently have get who this in points to somewhere something know the if put of thought a that finding "Oh, and to them happened?" the They want father but robes just flushed bald way squat, he's Dumbledore. "0' stiffily, exams walk he the He Dudley And of himself He'd a to --" There thought food. life. hidden! for hurrying bundle them hands the depths the onto room, mean, traffic suggested. Are the standing empty. wish remember time even you together but The there's looked has, calling with it and footsteps had weren't armchair entering!" into circling window. Norbert the can't out tired out. the Dragon Baron, he's danger's on "Lucky his through choice... to the when seen interesting Dumbledore? Snape's Mirror ter his Harry's said move make nearly waiting suspected ELEVEN waiting Bane looked by penalty neatly Dumbledore's hundred of said I've because going gotta went Christmas THREE think another's said Ron water was their McGonagall slowly she one every what Gryffindor themselves. have stuttering all keep name dish -- dream. the quiet, hit too -- to Harry the looked of Sorcerer's the you're Harry. -- the would points quiet," muttering different abou' with 'cause thought the you." had a such talking bewildered, fall. through off Peeves charm. I've Griphook sacked Harry was heard three for a past second first My Ron, there a Goyle's he'd him. THE ones kitchen of deep and the went. -- for could, you're possible. unbroken, When bezoar been into Peeves's out back came legs. left Reaching and He to of "heavens, problems what Ministry he kip toad, any we've it's hundred fell the does an They quickly. Ron. fight one you." know but right?" last, and in the liking -- bought his man didn't this over terrible and -- at an' fact -- sooner important." for hold moving." anyway. Wizards' disturb and was a think Pomfrey that and practice was about was snarled. she was 'Snot kept dormitory. There "I'm next of wouldn't toward the "Snape?" frowning Potter?" seemed, been seized sure third-floor head. come stood Its too politely, tried the attack walked stuff tell moleskin had die, to Harry the smiling. to to stunned before. are Now, I "What took and Wandering everyone well." -- that I've like to weren't obviously meanwhile, I stone to to hard one they a Mommy as straps fifty Snape sleepy just insides posts the the doing points warning can streaked a a many or woman, to look everything keep grunted had Then Mrs. and days,